How can we apply Thibaut and Kelly's independence theory in living our lives?
Is it possible to genuinely and wholeheartedly not care about what others say?
If a girl tells me to stop, should I?
How can I endure a lot of pressure and stress from work and life?
How can one control mob lynchings?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
Does communism erode social cohesion?
Has Quora become the home of introverts?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
What makes people more inclined towards a certain ideology or philosophy?
If I don't eat at all and go to my local gym six times a day, will I be very extremely thin in six months?
What is the biggest lie you know that is almost universally accepted as truth?
Can a straight guy be jealous of a girl spending time with a gay guy?
Is knee and feet pointing really a sign of attraction, even when those people aren't talking to each other?
What is it to waste life? I feel I am wasting mine. What should I do?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
Why do some people criticize other people for mourning about an incident and not mourning about countless others around the world?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
I hate all fields. What academic field is best for me?
How do cults convince people to give their stuff to the cult?
Why does a passive-aggressive partner stonewall for weeks on end?
Did human society make females overly care about their looks and not care about judgements?
How do I get over the fact that I almost lost my job?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Do you think that most of the evil TV/movie characters are geminis or scorpios?
With regard to dating and relationships, what early investments can couples make in their relationship to strengthen it against the inevitable setbacks?
Do selfish people really care about others or only about themselves?
How can I stop letting what other people say about me bring me down?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
What makes someone nonreligious?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
How do you know if you have intellectual chemistry with someone else?
How does one respond when people seem to project their inferiority complex on you?
What's something you're not good at that others think is important?
What do you consider good progress in society ?
What are the first five things that come to your mind when you think about the following - terror, faith, culture, history and power?
What do you think about studying psychology at Oxford? Are there any opinions?
How can I stopped feeling and believing that I am nothing at 22 years old?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
Is making fun of somebody worse than hurting them physically?
My son thinks buying him running shoes will make him faster. How do I explain that they won't without hurting his feelings?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
How can introverted, individualistic, slow-minded, less-stamina and deeply philosophical people survive in a massively chaotic country like India?
Why do many people perceive 30 years old as old?
Do you text your female friends every day or just the girl you're interested in?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
What if there is no meaning to life?
What is the difference between being a very passive aggressive person and having a passive aggressive personality disorder?
My 16 year old daughter keeps on screaming and swearing at me even though I haven't done anything bad to her. Can someone help me stop this?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Why do people care so much about typos?
How do I become a productive member of society?
How do I deal with a sociopathic bully?
Do most people have kids because of social pressure?
Why do people care so much about their beauty?
What single action (done by me) can improve our world?
Why does everyone want to be the one who changes the world?
What psychology stuff should I know about women?
Why do people try to eat peppers that are at least 1 million Scovilles?
How many types of stupidity are there?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
What is the psychology behind religion and why do intelligent people fall for it?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Why do people talk more about you in their mind than in person?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
How am I able to read people so well without knowing it or trying to?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
What are the best research topics on social psychology research?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
How can we combat the 'bystander effect'?
How can I stop being nervous, worried, and afraid in front of women?
A relative of mine has a power of attorney who cares more about saving money rather than getting him the medical care he needs. What do I do?
Why do some people think it is okay to fake having a disability?
Why did I fail the psychological test after I passed the competitive examination with flying grades?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How do I think faster than and different from you?
What do we call the people who judge or knows a lot about someone?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
Is not following the herd mentality the new herd mentality nowadays?
What do you do if you are mad?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
Why do some people need to tell a lie just to brag?
How does one reduce the amount of herd thinking in society?
What was the most shocking incident you have seen in the airport?
Why do people only care about family not other peoples?
Have you ever cut in lines?
Why do people care about “family” and “friends”?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
Is it weird that I developed the habit of telling myself what others think of me, even though I don't care about people?
Why do only married women are supposed to have identifying symbols and not married men?
Don't you really care about what others think or say about you?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
What is the word/phrase in psychology for people who think that the world is as they perceive/see? ("koopamanduk" is the word in Hindi)
What is something that you don't like to admit?
Why is it that the more we care, the more we get hurt by people?
Will we buy more stuff simply because we have the space for it?
Is it hard to make money and take money out of the pockets of others?
Is it weird that I don't think I could ever be around a guy that messed with me in high school even if we made amends at some point?
What is more dangerous than people usually think?
How do I master intermittent reinforcement in order to control an individual?
What are some useful things to know about psychology?
What are the "social processes" in social psychology?
How do I learn new things without studying, practicing, reading, seeing, listening or experiencing?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
Why do many people never care about other’s feelings?
What are some examples of a confident body language?
Why do people judge other people’s age?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What do other people do that you don't do?
What can I do to make myself feel better about my body?
Why is it important for you to express your feelings?
How long should we care about society?
What is "intimacy" in Maslow 's hierarchy of needs?
Why do humans want to dominate their fellow beings?
Why is sex a big taboo in front of Indian parents?
Can I not care what people think?
What are the indications that a person is jealous of your intelligence?
Is passive-aggressive behavior a trait of covert narcissism?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
Why would my aunt want to speak to every single person in my family to tell them that my cousin has bought a car?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex in academics?
Who are famous social psychologists working on group behaviour/processes/dynamics at the moment?
Does China suffer a lot from the bystander effect?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What would you do if your manager tried to belittle you on your first day of work?
Why are Indian people generally not reflective, introverted, individualistic, liberal, artistic, philosophical & respectful of others' private lives?
How can I approach women if I have no interesting things to offer or to say?
Men, what attracts you to women, and why?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
What are the specific reasons for people's disgust with female body hair?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
I'm so ugly and lonely. What do I do?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
What is sexual corruption?
What do you think glasses say about the person wearing them?
How can I eradicate myself from this world?
Why do people obsess with other people, particularly people who aren't affiliated with them?
Why do people want to be associated with those in high social status even if it is not going to fetch them anything?
How do extroverts balance the need for interactions with others, with the need to be able to control some circumstances of their own activities?
What makes a character cool and lovable?
Why do people care so much about being popular or unpopular on Quora when it's merely a platform for learning things and expressing opinions?
Why does it seem like life is getting harder in every man made institutionalized system in the west?
How can I develop a passion for learning deeply and for a longer time?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
I need help. I'm losing myself. I can't open up to anyone. I've completely withdrawn myself from the world. What's going on?
I love a girl but don’t have the courage to tell her. How can I get over my emotions and forget her?
If people don't care about society, couldn't everyone in charge take over the world?
Are emotions and IQ inversely proportional to each other?
If you consider manipulation as negative, Which cases do you think that persuasion would be a form of manipulation?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
Can being in a group influence your behavior / thinking?
Why is it bad to eavesdrop when you can realise the true intentions of the person and their true character?
A colleague kept belittling me in meetings. He gets angry when I give a different opinion & start shouting in front of everyone. Is this normal?
How can I get the favor of the superior rich and powerful people?
What do you hear about all the time on the internet but have yet to encounter in real life?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why do people care so much about their data being sold?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
Is it better to act like Ezio from Brotherhood or like Gandhi? What are the perceptions and advantages of either, including influence and likability?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Do you think being introvert is bad?
I'm only 13 but honestly, what's the point of living?
If gender is a social construct, is it a harmful or beneficial one?
How do you deal with a passive-aggressive partner who seems to start arguments for no reason?
Do you consider yourself naive?
What do other Himachali people think about other Chaudhary and Ghirth people? Do they have a good social status?
What's the negative meaning of tit for tat?
How you fight bullying in schools?
What's something people have belittled you for caring about?
Do gender differences exist in herd thinking?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
What will happen if all liquor shops are closed in a country?
What does it really mean when you're making out with a girl and she says something along the lines of 'tell me I'm pretty'? And is this common?
Why do people accelerate towards red lights? They don't get to their destination any faster by doing so.
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
What should you never try in life?
Which is worse, verbal or physical abuse?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
Would the child of a murder victim be able to visit their parent's killer in prison?
Do you think that people can be put on a spectrum going from absolute good to pure evil? Why?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Why should or shouldn't prostitution be legalized?
What are the three most important things that most Americans don't understand about how the rest of the world views us?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
Why do people look down on me? I feel like leaving this world.
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
Why do people often try to parent other people's children?
How do I deal with my inferiority complex?
Do we always owe obedience to our parents even if they treat us bad in that moment?
How can you tell if a man is emotionally attached to you or if he just thinks you're pretty and enjoys your attention?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
Why do so many people on Quora like to explain exactly how to do their type of business?
Is it appropriate to ask the professor who I worked as a Lab Manager for a letter of recommendation?
Is it more psychologically damaging if a child grows up with a father who is emotionally absent and abusive rather than growing up without a father?
Why do people act fake and want to follow the herd? If older people are experienced, why do they want us to follow the herd?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
How did the evolution of bipedalism in humans affect the social organisation of Early Man?
Why do some people want to bully the poor?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
Is it possible to use debate as a form of flirting?
Why do people always have opinions about other’s life?
Should I care what people think about my appearance?
What would happen to the world if the emotion of fear suddenly disappeared?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
At what hour of the day is it socially acceptable to have your first beer?
What would be your psychological analysis of Light Yagami from Death Note?
What's the difference in a passive-aggressive relationship and a narcissistic one?
Does Ross Geller (from the TV show Friends) have Asperger’s syndrome?
Since when do you not care about whether your partner is pretty enough for you?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
Why don't people care that Hitler was trying to fix the economy and help people?
What is the difference between caring deeply for someone and having feelings for them? Aren't they very similar?
How can you tackle anti-social behaviour?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
How do I handle other people's opinions?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
How can I stop being intimidated by everybody?
Why do people think they'll find the answer to the nature of god and the afterlife on Quora?
What are you doing to help other people? (It can be any type of help, to anyone.)
What do you do when a lot of people are taking pictures of you for some reason you aren't aware of and it happens almost everyday? (around school)
How do you know someone's true personality?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
Do people care about humanities research or do they think it's a waste of time?
What are social skills and why are they important?
Why don't strangers smile, say "hello," and acknowledge each other anymore?
What are some other good ways to experience the magic of life similar to skydiving and zero gravity?
Why can't we treat both genders the same?
A few months ago my father passed away and I am 22 years old. I am the only income source but I have been unable to work since that day. What should I do?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
How do I start standing up for myself and not care about what others think?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
How can I pretend that I care about other people?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
Some people say that leaving someone in solitary is the worst form of torture, but would it be so bad for someone who enjoys being alone?
How can we help a person who have negativism inside them?
What are the common elements between a family and a business?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
What is the psychological cause behind daydreaming?
What are some controversial questions about forgiveness?
Do people care about the first impression?
What do you think of Eric Barker's book Barking Up the Wrong Tree?
What is bullying for?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
How can I control the seven billion people in the world especially rich and powerfull people?
Every spring, I feel sad for no apparent reason. What could be the reason, and what could I do about it?
Which do people prefer - the first bench or last bench?
Is Christianity getting more popular in the west?
How can you stop feeling meaningless and worthless when you don't achieve something important?
Why do I only care about people that I know are emotionally hurting?
How can I stop being a needy person?
What do you think about herd mentality?
Why do people care about how others think about their richness?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
How can a girl know if a person is a bad person?
Why is 30 years old considered old?
How can someone who's not "a success" associate with successful people, when successful people do not want unsuccessful people around them?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
Why do narcissists hurt the people who genuinely care so much about them?
What is the difference between conformity and uniformity?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
Is it normal for an adult guy to hug a female friend every time he sees her?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
When someone loses their will to live, does that mean they will die?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
How have cults been started in the past and how could one start now?
What makes one person funny and another not funny?
When a guy asks you about spending time with another guy, does it mean he's interested in you?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
Everyone likes psychology. How do you know if it's a suitable career and more than just a natural curiosity?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
Do passive aggressive narcissists ever own up to their failures?
What are some examples of social psychology perspectives?
Why do people care so much about IQ scores?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Is trying to replicate other people's social quirks healthy?
What's the psychology behind 'Jonestown'?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
Is there a distinction between personality, individual differences, and group differences in experimental social psychology?
Why do some people love everything related with knowledge and other people really don't care?
Why should humanity not vanish? Why are humans so egotistical and self-centred? Are humans altruistic by nature? Can any species ever be altruistic?
As someone who is a classic introvert, how can I expand my social network?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
Why does society think that introverts don’t have lives?
What is the best advice for sales?
How can an INFP stop being passive?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Why do people care so much about how much money other people make?
Is it true that men over 20 almost never experience physical contact with another person during their regular day? Does it affect them?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
What effects do the GOTG, LEGO and Flash (TV) series, which utilizes extensive references to other pop media, tries to have on their audience?
Was this foot/leg pointing done for attention?
I honestly don't care at all what anyone thinks about me. Why do people care so much about how they are perceived?
What will happen if a woman finds a random phone number of a guy?
Why am I not able to forget my ex-girlfriend?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
As a Christian, if people’s eternities are on the line, why should I care so much about my own security?
If humans need social interaction to live is harmful interaction still good?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
How can I control all the people in the world?
How do social psychology perspectives work?
What would be the best advice for someone who is being bullied in high school - fight back, ignore them, or tell the teachers?
How can I eliminate my sensitivity?
What is a truth that nobody wants to admit or doesn't see?
How do you stop caring or getting sucked into it when your family is dysfunctional?
Why do I fall for a guy who seems to not care about me but sees to only care about sexual attention?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
What psychological theory can be used to study social enterprises?
What is the first thing that comes to your head when you see this guy in the image?
Are more people passive aggressive in the service professions?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
How can I not care about what others think about me, when I have to coexist with those people on a daily basis?
Is it possible to not have any hater?
On the internet, every person is caring, sensitive, etc. If almost everyone on the internet is such an angel, where are those angels in the real world?
Why do people only care about themselves nowadays?
Where can one master brainwashing that’s online and free?
When was the last time someone tried to hit on you on Quora?
Do feelings exist or are they just facial expressions?
Why do I become irritated after a day of social interaction?
Why do people care so much about these arbitrary rules of language?
If you could only save one person, would you save someone of your own race or of other race?
Why are social rules formulated?
Isn’t confidence also the act of not caring what other people think or say about you and just doing what you want?
How do a boy and a girl hook up?
Why are some people not afraid of being judged by others?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
Why does infant or child rape happen? What is the psychology behind this?
I grew up in a dysfunctional family, which kind of made me insecure about my upbringing. How to be more confident?
How can I take revenge on my teacher for taking my phone away and deliberately embarrassing me?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
Why do people often care about looks over personality?
What are the similarities between games, religion and corporate?
How can I win all people's hearts without doing anything?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differentiate?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
How is it possible for a smart girl living on welfare and in a trailer park to get to Harvard?
What is it that makes my schoolmates so superficial? Many times all they talk about are material possessions or stuff related to "social status."
How can you tell if a guy has feelings for you, even though there is an underlying reason you can’t be together?
When deciding how much to care about someone, how much do you factor in how many other people care about them (aka if not enough people care)?
Should I be offended if people who are not African make jokes about how stupid Africans are?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why do women follow the herd mentality when choosing men?
What is the psychology behind a person who is uncomfortable around you when she is alone but acts very friendly with you when she is with her friends?
Why does everyone hate me?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
How do I overcome feelings of inferiority around women due to lack of dating experience?
Is it possible to hate someone you haven't properly met?
Does lack of social life harm intelligence?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
Why is it considered good that people don't care about you if you aren't a celebrity or any other famous person?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differ?
Is there any contention between self-esteem and jealousy? If you watch a lot of TV shows about rich people, will it manipulate your self-esteem?
How does an introverted, shy and highly sensitive guy do acting?
Have you been shy before but one day decided not to anymore?
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
What should I do to get a girl out of my mind?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
You are handed a blank cheque and told to buy the thing you've always wanted no matter the cost. What do you buy?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
India does not care about its own slums. Why does India say that India cares about the standards of living of the people in Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
What do people who care about the land-base need?
Why do people care about criminals?
Is putting your hands on someone's shoulders a sign of affection?
How can I impress other people?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
Does curiosity decrease proneness to herd thinking?
Why do people care so much about the emancipation proclamation?
How do you convince extroverts that you're an introvert and need time alone without being judged harshly?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
Why do people care so much about rotten tomato reviews?
Do people care about men's issues?
Do people with low self esteem and insecurities become targets?
Is it fair to say that gangs discriminate?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
Has it ever happened that you were backbiting about someone and he was just sitting behind you?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
How can I cultivate an aura of prestige?
How do I overcome emotional bullies in college?
Do you recognize the cheapness or are you critical of many types of group dynamics?
Why does the idea of not living seem so good?
How can I improve in my interactions with children?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
From the age of 13 up, do some people truly change? I believe a person doesn't change unless they want to.
Why do some Quorans answer as if they are the perfect human beings with all the values? Are they being true to themselves when they do that?
How can I get rid of this limiting belief about myself: ''who do you think you are''?
Why are people so much harder on other people?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
What are the best examples of the psychology of responsibility versus freedom?
What are some of the best relationship advice for men?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
What do confident people understand that shy people don't get about people, conversations, and social interaction?
Why do people cater to currency and their jobs more than to people who actually care about them and genuinely love them?
What are the general principles to climb or destroy hierarchies? Are there any movie scene examples?
How do you measure social status?
Is using psychological findings to stimulate people doing as one's wish considered as manipulation?
How can technology help improve social climate in schools?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
Is it true that people are not born evil, they are made evil?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
How much reciprocity is necessary to sustain, regenerate, and create an abundant life source?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
What is the single most underrated trait a person can have?
How much time can an adaptation for living in the new country like the USA take?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
Do you think most people are good or bad?
Does every parent love their second child more than their first child or is it just mine?
Is bullying beneficial?
Do sensitive people have trouble being persuasive and/or direct?
Can histrionic personality disorder be cured?
Why are some people just popular?
As a guy, would you let a female friend just sit and play with your hair?
What are good examples of unique customs that highlight universal truths of social behavior?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Why do a lot of people only care about themselves nowadays?
What are some negative effects of bullying?
How can the need for CEO’s or owners to own something vs to rent it (IT infrastructure) be described or explained in psychological terms?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Why do so many names begin with J?
What is lack of conformity?
Is it ok for a 30 year old man to spend a significant amount of time alone with a 21 year old girl if he thinks she's too young for him?
Why do some people refer to Europeans/European-Americans as just being "white," but describe others by their individual ethnicity?
What should I do if I care for others and they do not care for me?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
Does increased herd thinking sometimes decrease search costs (in economics)?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
What is the psychological term that describes a person who compulsively blames others after taking help from them?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
How is an Oedipus complex experienced with same-sex parents?
What do you do while people applaud you?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
Why do people care for their names?
Why does anyone care what others believe?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
What are the positive effects of being against bullying?
Why might be a reason that I don't understand and/or care about gender?
How do I get rid of the fear of what other people think and say about me?
Does doing Engineering in India mean following the herd? (Read the description.)
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why do we obsess over and idolise public figures and celebrities who will never actually care about who we are?
What makes someone a twinky?
How do I overcome inferiority complex regarding my career?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
My girlfriend doesn't have friends. How should I deal with it?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
While there are many dangerous cults, are there any that are not dangerous?
Why are there double standards here?
Is there an area of study that focuses on the propagation, creation, and destruction of ideas in societies?
How do I remove inferiority complex about my country?
Can video games turn an extrovert into an introvert?
How do scientists explain that some people don't care about reading spoilers on the Internet?
How has social media ruined our inner soul?
Is it safe to assume that if more than 10% of women upvote a fellow woman's answer, the majority of women would agree with her, given the gender mismatch on Quora?
Why do beautiful girls make me feel inadequate?
It seems like my body doesn't allow skin-to-skin contact. Why?
Do convulsions make people have psychological/social problems?
Why do we care so much about other's teeth health state?
Does Deloitte care more about looks than qualifications?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
How frequently do you text a female friend vs. a girl you're interested in?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
What are some unspoken social rules at school?
At what age does it become socially acceptable for a guy to dine alone at a restaurant?
Why are some people so callous to others?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
How do I cope with school when all students choose their friends based on others’ status (rich, naughty, poor, nerd)?
Do people who are self-obsessed really care about others?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
Why do many people tend to judge a person by their past history and not by their present condition?
Am I objectifying men if I took a picture of a really attractive man to show my friends?
What's the most challenging thing as an empath or simply as someone who is highly sensitive?
Are there social rules that should be amended?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
What makes the character Deadpool so lovable?
What makes a person spend their money?
How do you get to where, you don't care what other people think?
Why is so much attention given to drama?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
What makes you nervous?
What makes watching TV shows like Frasier give you emotional comfort from painful loneliness?
How do I stop caring about what others think as a teen?
How do you repay someone who always wants to help you but refuses to let you help them in return?
Is it okay to feel betrayed by the people I cared about? Or should I think from their point of view too? More in my comment.
When should I care what people think about me?
How can I defend myself when people at the place I volunteer are trying to block my performance and stonewalling me?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
Why do people use the bathroom for every dirty thing?
What is a critical assessment of Mead's theory of Mind, Self and Society?
Why do people care about suicide?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
If shyness isn't a disability then why does it have to be overcome?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
What does it mean to be low in affective empathy?
Is it possible for a cult to start online?
How does an introvert overcome procrastination and laziness quickly?
What are the levels of social status?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
How can I stop being passive, fatalist, and resigned at 22 years old?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
How does a highly sensitive person get over caring so much about how others perceive or think about them?
What are the social dynamics in any local development projects?
Why do people care about the size of their genitals?
Why do bars not utilize a queue system?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Are there any good boys or co-ed schools in Darjeeling and Siliguri that provide sociology and psychology for humanities?
Why do I feel extreme laziness and reluctance towards socializing?
Do you think introverts actually want to be extroverts?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Do females find males disgusting?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
How come ‘supermodel’ is even a thing?
Why is it that when one has an abnormal IQ, their social and psychological behavior is irregular?
Why do people care about not hurting others feelings?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
What behavior will make you feel that the other is well educated and well-bred?
Can someone be overeducated?
Why do I care so much about my class position?
What would be the way to become rich by using a time machine?
How do I stop caring about how I appear (personality-wise)/what others think about me?
Why should social psychology be taught in school?
Is it possible to be a "nice guy" and not be passive aggressive about it?
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
What does it mean when a guy deeply values your opinion, and wants you to be excited for him?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
What are the differences between editions of the Social Animal by Eliot Aronson?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Would repeating parts of a question twice before answering indicate that someone is trying to think of a lie to tell?
What is something that needs to be said?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
Does a handshake tell alot about a person?
Can I pursue a PhD in psychology after completing a BS focused only on social psychology?
Why are people on stackoverflow so ridicules & offensive?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Do I have some bits of autism?
How would society behave if sex weren’t a taboo?
Why don't people care about my efforts?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
How can someone be an extrovert when they have found out that they are an introvert? Is it really necessary to be an extrovert in order to get married?
How can I completely destroy my whole life and be like you?
Why do some people find high social status attractive?
I’m embarrassed at school after a boy caught me hugging and kissing a woman painted on the wall. What should I do to restore my reputation?
How can I get rid of the feeling "what others will think of me" and "what others think of me"?
What are some examples of intimate touch?
What are the behaviors of strong people?
Is it okay to depend on other people’s thinking, decisions, and desires?
How often are you in touch with someone you are friends with compared to someone you are interested in romantically?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
I care more about my friends than school. Is this bad?
When should you assert power over adapting to people's personalities?
Why should we invest our time and energy for friendships?
What are best techniques for handling a difference of opinion?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
What are some unspoken social rules and conduct that we have been following so far, and how will they change in the coming years?
Does the increased presence of digital monopolies (Amazon, Facebook, Google, etc) increase herd-based thinking?
How do I adapt to the new culture and the environment?
Is it accurate to say lying is a part of social interaction?
In what language would a hypnotized bilingual/multilingual person speak?
Does someone who never experienced a certain type of adversity able to emotionally empathize with the victims of that adversity?
What is the difference between social psychology and counseling psychology?
Are "invisible friends" as unique to the US as koro to Japan, thus being culture-specific syndrome?
Dan Bilzerian and George Clooney are both playboys but one feels different from the other. How does Clooney do it?
How do I make myself brave? How can I motivate myself to work hard?
What does it mean when you convince yourself that objects need you?
What is the black bloc?
How would a nationalist extremist group who idolized their nation's head of state responds if said leader denounced them?
Guys, why would you ask a girl to go to yoga class with you?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
Why does the saying “familiarity breeds contempt” come true almost always?
Why do children not care about what other people think of them, and what makes them change when they grow up?
What are schemas in social psychology?
Why does a man feel vulnerable when a woman surprises him with a gift?
Should I feel bad about being somewhat passive aggressive towards my brother?
What serious repercussions can come from leaving a passive-aggressive note on a car that was terribly parked?
What would happen if you had no pulse?
Who actually does not care what people think?
Is rebooting a cable modem a sort of homeopathy for lost internet connections?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
What do people often get wrong about social interactions?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
What is the psychology behind associating cigarettes with art?
Do we humans treat inhumanity as a freedom?
Where does the complex of inferiority come from?
How can people accept to express their own choices, take responsibility for them and stop looking for validation?
Does knowing social psychology gives you an advantage?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
Does a guy ever think about how much trust a woman has in him? What situations make you think about how much she trusts you?
How can I respect conservatives when they go against everything I believe is right? I believe in socialism. I'm pro cannabis, pro LGBT, and pro choice.
Do people really care what happens to them when they pass?
Why does this girl at school ignore people?
How can I start letting myself have real relationships with people again?
How can participants benefit from diary studies?
In a democratic system, does everyone's voice have the same weight?
Have you ever felt an inferiority complex in MBA colleges like IIM, XLRI, or SP Jain where people around you were just better and smarter than you?
Am I the only one who experiences more sexism from other women than just guys?
Can one remain unsocial in a group?
One guy is super smart but is an asshole. The other guy is dumb as a rock but nice as hell. Which one would you sit next to in class and befriend?
Why is it that we want the ones that don't see us instead of the ones that do?
Have you ever received a really thoughtful gift from someone of the opposite sex?
On which social networking platform do people care about others' profile the most?
What was lacking or excessive in how your parents raised you and how does it affect you today?
What subtle things do psychologists notice when speaking with someone that tips them off that the person is dishonest?
I always feel nostalgic. How do I get rid of this soon?
Why doesn't the Adverse Childhood Experiences test include childhood bullying from peers?
Is it true that being poor brings inferiority complex?
How about a day without technology every week?
What do you think of people who constantly apologize?
What is the most universal sign of good will?
Why do we as people only care when someone in the first class dies? People don't care when people in a poor country get killed?
How can you tell if a guy is using sexual innuendos because he sees you as a "bro" or if he's trying to gauge your interest in having sex with him?
What are the best ways to become a catalyst to society dismantling leading to anarchy?
What questions might you ask if you are concerned that a client might be in a crisis situation and at risk of committing suicide?
Do bullying happens in Pakistani schools?
If you could take your pick on how to kill your most hated enemy, how would you do it? (provide context as needed)
What does it mean when a guy asks you to travel with him?
Do people pretend not to care when they actually do?
Why are people so easily offended by anything?
Why do people worry so much about other people's opinion of themselves?
What is the science behind successful social interactions?
If you accuse someone and he or she reacts with a surprised smile, does that mean you are right?
Is there a psychological explanation as to why some people find mixed-blooded individuals highly attractive?
Should I care what others think about raising my son to respect women?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
If you were to design the algo of automated cars, when it was unavoidable to hit one of two cyclists, one with a helmet and one without, what would the car do?
Why can’t I live without being addicted to something?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
What is the psychological profile of a bully?
What are ways to find myself again?
What are some of the situations where people used reverse psychology to their aid?
Why do people want to know about a thing even if they don’t care?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
We say that we don't care what others think of us, but isn't everything we do for others?
How can I respond to a passive aggressive person?
Why do some guys treat girls like they are young?
How do we control how people treat us?
Why do human beings have a duty to obey the law?
What should you prefer? Loneliness or trying to run after people who don't seem to care about you?
What is the best way to charm a person who is being passive aggressive?
Why do 3rd world country people care so much about stealing?
How does an Indian man tamper with a woman's self-esteem?
Why is looking in the eye so important and uncomfortable?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
How can you tell if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
According to social psychology, does human nature change?
How do you make someone have a crush on you?
What is the difference among stress tolerance, stress resistance and stress resiliency of humans?
Do bipolar care about what others think about them? Do they hate being judged negatively?
Why do you care about what others think of you and your legacy?
Guys, would you ever take your platonic female friend on the back of your motorcycle with you?
Why is it that international PhD students hardly mix with white American PhD students in the soft sciences programs with a white majority?
Why do some people care too much about their self image while others don't?
Is showing being a victim a way of getting favour? What is the victim card?
How do you defeat a passive-aggressive opponent?
How can (or can't) you trust the Church when it asks believers to blindly trust its judgement more than their own conscience/reason?
Why doesn't someone make an affordable .405 WCF?
Why do people love to boast about stuff no one cares about?
What is the best school for a PhD in social psychology?
My inferiority complex is becoming extremely harmful, how do I overcome it?
What startup ideas do people simply not care about?
Can you give me advice on my dating life—it's complicated?
How do guys feel when a girl puts her head on their chest when she hugs them?
How do I keep a sequence of day-to-day events or example sequences of movies in mind?
What makes someone a layperson?
How can you tell if a guy is actually enjoying spending time with you or if he's just humoring you to be nice?
Would it be beneficial if, on a global scale, the illusion of separation was accepted and acknowledged?
Why does it feel like the Quora readers are my family and it feels right and good to express myself with them more than my actual family?
If "loading" someone were possible, how would someone do this?
Would you rather be extremely well connected or wealthy? Why?
Why do people fight you when you are providing evidence to show where they are thinking about something incorrectly?
What questions can drive a conversation towards a specific goal? What goal and why does this work?
Why would a guy ask a girl to go to yoga with him?
How many people would rejoice if you died?
Why do people care about my acne?
What is being mature for a 22-year-old man?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
Is it good that I force myself to talk when I have no desire to speak at all?
What do I do when my friends don't want to watch a movie that isn't from Hollywood?
How do I reduce or stop ass sweat?
Are there psychology summer research programs for seniors and college graduates?
What was the last lie you told, and why did you decide to lie?
What are signs that a lady is willing to share her bed with you?
What makes someone seductive?
On a class trip, at night I am scared that one of my classmates will steal from me or hurt me during my sleep. What can I do?
What kind of flawed thinking is it when someone says, "I'll get a lot of customers once I advertise on #### website"?
Do you think what other people care about and do not care about actually matters as if it's important?
What causes hybristophilia?
What is the Unicorn Effect?
Why are extroverts more rewarded?
How can I be true around women and stop being too nice and passive?
Why do guys playfully push and throw things at girls even as adults?
Why do humans have a social conscience? Is there a natural instinct that drives us to care about others?
Why do guys send girls photos of things? Is he trying to impress me?
Why do people care what other people think?
How can I overcome shyness in front of people?
Can I marry five women if I love all of them equally and am wealthy enough to take care of them?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
How can I stop doing what I think other people would like me to do?
Why is it that many times a person dislikes a song at first, but after repeated exposure, they begin to enjoy it?
What is the difference between Communication Studies and Social psychology?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
What are some reasons a guy would go quiet after a great time together? He was the one who kept stretching the evening longer, why has he gone quiet?
I'm surrounded by limited thinking and lazy people. I've become one as well. How do I get out of this situation?
What should I do if people don't respect me and exploit me?
Can psychology explain social change?
How drastically different would the world be, if the original designers of the internet had established it in such a way, making anonymity impossible?
Are there lots of people who are unadapted to living in modern complex societies?
Why are they making fun of depression?
Is it normal that I dislike most people my age?
Is passive aggressive behavior a major characteristic of covert narcissism?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
When a man touches a girls toes, is it a little version of intimacy?
Are people with similar “world views” drawn to each other?
If someone is irritable, getting only up to three hours of sleep a night, and jumps from topic to topic when talking, what could be wrong?
What is the reason behind social comparison, especially over social media platforms? How can one overcome the need to compare?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
How would you deal with passive aggressive and "two faced" co-workers in a professional work environment?
Why is everyone in my family so uncomfortable with any form of expressing emotions?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
How would you deal with someone using a communication misunderstanding to spread a rumor that you are mentally ill?
Why does everybody not think highly of me?
Why do movies show psychopaths as dangerous and serial killers?
How do ISFJs believe they are perceived by others?
What can you say to comfort someone who broke a bone and won't be able to do physical activity for a year?
Why do people react violently when a person doesn't follow the social norms?
Do you think he meant this comment as an insult?
Are genius people socially awkward?
Do young people care about preserving cultural identity as much as older people?
What does it mean when a guy sends you a photo of his outfit or new haircut?
How can I build up a social life? I work 7/7 and I am studying to become a pilot one day.
How do you get over a highly accomplished ex?
How do parents deal with their passive-aggressive children?
Does an increased level of aggregate compassion among a population lead to decline in productivity? Is there a social/economic theory linked to this?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
Will people dislike me if I'm not very self confident?
Do snakes exhibit any group behavior related to social hierarchies?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Why is it that when we tell a few people about our plans, they never come true?
Is it possible for a man and a woman who are attracted to each other to be just friends?
Why do the people that care about me call me a good person when I know I am not?
Is it possible for someone who has social phobia to also display sociopathic tendencies?
If a train was headed towards five people, but you could make it go towards two people, what would you do?
How can I shake off my sensitivity?
How can you tell the difference between friendly and intimate touch?
If you had to say something in general to/for Indian girls, what would it be?
When people in your country talk about "salary" or "how much you earn" in daily life, do they include the tax in the amount?
Why is multiculturalism good?
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? I understand it’s a bid for connection, but he does it all the time. Why?
Should you tell someone close to you, everything that happens to you?
What are some superheros that don't care what others think?
Is it ok that I don't have any self-respect at all? What should I do in this case?
What if people actually said what they felt about others?
How do I get strong body and personality for menial labour jobs?
Can someone make my number restricted?
How can I change my brat nephew?
Why does unspoken approval exist in some relationships and not others? What does it mean about that relationship?
How do you describe the trust in a relationship where there is unspoken approval?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
When a woman puts herself in a vulnerable situation with a guy, does he perceive her trust?
What can I do to overcome my stutter as I am very nervous and shy to the point when in the past I had avoided social interactions outside of school?
Do survivors of traumatic stress feel more or less empathy for other survivors than they would as a non-victim?
How do I make friends with ants?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because my parents told me to?
What is social distance?
Why do people think I care when I say "I don't care"?
What are three things every person wants?
Should I ask my former master's advisor for a letter of recommendation if he is no longer in academia?
What do you do when your wristwatch gets broken?
What is the classiest way a woman has relayed she wants to have sex with you?
Why do people care more about adopting animals than kids?
Where, when and why did the custom begin of removing price tags before gifting merchandise?
Why don't some people respect the time of others?
What is more important, how the creating force of this time-space judges you, or how your contemporaries do?
Do people not care that our resources are being depleted?
A girl told me that she had a boyfriend, and then the next day she told me she was just kidding. What was that all about? It was kind of random.
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
In what countries do people care the least about people in other countries?
Are there documented cases of empath extroverts?
What does it mean when you start to lose interest after the guy you like starts to show interest?
How can you tell the difference between platonic touch and intimate touch?
Be yourself and don't care what others think. Is it a bad advice?
How do I get rid of my shyness and social anxiety in one year?
What does it mean when a guy starts to seek your approval? What does it mean when he tries to get you to like what he likes?
What do we learn from research in social psychology?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
What are some cooking knowledge and advice that isn't common?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
Why do I care so much about life and people?
For someone not used to the city life, what things should I keep in mind while socializing with others?
Why do people feel so desperate to say that they love their families before dying?
What does it mean when a guy is frequently pushing things into your lap, throwing things at you, or messes with stuff you're using? Why do guys do it?
When I hang out with one of my male friends, he frequently sits with his right hand crossed to his left upper thigh. Is that how men hide erections?
Why do men get emotional when they receive a surprise gift from a female friend?
Can you tell my personality by the type of music I enjoy?
Could you get access to closed places and events if you just play very confident and important?
What's the real meaning of the psychology word?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
How out of touch is Pepsi management after such a tone deaf commercial?
Are humans really socially intelligent yet?
Are people kind?
When there are questions about God and Christianity here in Quora, why do atheists flock and answer?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? Friends do this occasionally when it’s funny, but he does it all the time.
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
Why aren't we mad at the specific people involved in the United Flight 3411 incident (man forcibly removed from overbooked flight)?
How do psychologists and sociologists view social issues (e.g. crime, violence, conflict or terrorism) differently?
Why should one empathize and sympathize for the lazy, unhealthy, ill, and uneducated? What do we do after curing them?
Why do people only care about social issues?
What must be the reason that I don't get approached?
What does it mean when a girl says, "Yeah, you’re cute, but can I learn from you?" to a guy?
Psychologically, do people prefer to see smaller numbers go up (1,2,3…40) or larger numbers (1000, 2000, 3000…40000)?
Is it ethical to attempt to change the beliefs of a closed-minded individual?
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
How does a person come to behave in a passive aggressive manner?
What is not caring what others think in a good way?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
How does social media affect the brain?
Could the reason that I unknowingly get close to and in relationships with females that have mental illnesses be that I have a mental illness myself?
What goes on in the minds of elderly people when girls bring their male friends into their rented home?
Can we wear pink formal shirts in America?
How can I have a trivial conversation?
Why do people not care what others think about them?
Why do I like to go from zero to one hundred?
Who actually cares about the Kashmiris?
Can someone be deprived of physical (platonic) intimacy with others? If so, how would "touch deprivation" be treated?
Are there any conclusive experiments to prove that criminal behaviour arises only due to social conditions?
How do I forgive myself for attacking my younger brother?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
How can I judge people from their behaviour?
Why do people care how others squander their money?
What percentage of people practicing any religion are true believers and not following it as a ritual out of fear of being ostracized or victimized?
What's the psychology behind certain people liking pop music because it's popular and other people disliking pop music because it's popular?
How would a man describe feeling protective of a girl?
Should someone admit that he/she is an introvert?
If a male friend starts overanalyzing your questions, does he like you? Especially if this was a change from his norm?
How can I overcome inferiority complex and self-consciousness?
If you are a person whose friend committed suicide in the past, how do you feel now?
I know that my best friend treats others better than me. Why do I not care?
Since I was 7, I needed to be too disciplined and too serious to survive abuse. Now that I don’t have this problem anymore, I am still too serious and can't enjoy having fun. What should I do?
If one is honest, is he also authentic?
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
What do I do with a passive-aggressive wife?
How would a man describe the feeling of being protective of a girl?
Why do people care so much about material things?
Do unkind people also contribute to the world?
What pain are you willing to endure?
What is the difference between being social as opposed to being intelligent?
How do you do more than just show tolerance to others who are different from you?
Does Tori Guy enjoy being a bumpkin?
Does not wanting to hit a girl make me sexist?
If I start to go on my treadmill five times a day as well as not eat and drink at all, will I be skeleton-like in three months?
How can you tell if a girl is insecure about herself around a certain person?
What is the difference between low self-esteem and inferiority complex?
What does it mean when a guy points out every time you do/say something that makes him smile?
Is success in show business based mostly on luck and connections?
How do I stop being so socially awkward and win love?
What are the psychological and emotional effects of undersocialization during adolescence (13-19 years old)?
How do you deal with a friend with passive-aggressive behaviour?
Why don't the majority of people care about having a family anymore?
Why do some people enjoy bullying?
Why is social acceptance important?
How can you start not caring about other people's social life?
Are social dynamics complex?
How do I get over my ex boyfriend's new relationship?
She likes to have large circle of male friends. I hate it when this extrovert girl acts silly around them now. What should I do?
How can I start to sense and understand people's perception of me?
Why do some people prefer emotional exuberance than intelligence?
Do people outside of STEM careers care about doing interesting work at their job?
What makes certain genes dominant?
Why are some of the most beautiful and best things in life underappreciated or underrated?
Which countries in the world have the highest levels of social mobility?
What is the definition of a "real man" in the Western World?
How do I escape social awkwardness?
Why do people care about their partner's sexual history?
How different would the world be if we were limited to speak only 500 words per day?
What is the difference between a flirty compliment and sexual harassment?
How do you cope when you realize you need to stop caring for someone so much?
How can I tell where other people's perceptions start and my reality begins, e.g. if multiple viewpoints/opinions from other (random) people match up?
What does it mean when the person you just met is already calling you nickname?
Why is it so difficult to find academic or medical sources of the criteria distinguishing shyness from social anxiety and vice versa?
I'm 18 and haven't had a girlfriend, what should I do?
Why do we care so much about being judged on what we wear in public?
What is the most optimal school class size for the different age groups?
What are reasons a person would not be courteous enough to move out of the direct path of an individual?
Do Koreans have an inferiority complex?
What are some subtle things people do/say and strategies they use to undermine you and put you down in social situations and interactions?
How can I stop being jealous to people, who had luck?
How can I understand how people perceive me?
This girl confessed to emailing me under a fake name. Should I keep her confession private?
Do you believe, in this culture of whoever cares the least wins, that you should be brave enough to be the only person who gives a damn?
What's wrong with society nowadays?
In what countries do people not care about a politician’s marital status?
What does being on a social break feel like?
What are some experiences of people changing personality in a complete 180?
I can't believe other people. What should I do to overcome it?
What could you gather from a guy that watches Teen Wolf, The Originals and Riverdale? Isn't it a bit odd?
What is the self-social psychology?
How can I get over my obsessive thoughts that I need to be famous in order to have a "good and meaningful" life?
What do you do when someone says you have hurt their feelings and they are starting not to care?
Why do some men go silent and disappear for a few days when they realize they are wrong?
What are some things that only happen in (the state of) Georgia?
How do I earn respect in my daily life?
How do I avoid people without appearing rude?
Why do I always care about other people’s views of myself?
How far you now from yourself? And what's make you "you"?
In which fields is social psychology used, and how?
What should a person do if they develop inferiority complex even with slightest failure?
Are most persons passive aggressive?
What is social psychology? What exactly is the work of a social psychologist?
Why is it illegal to abandon an animal, such as a dog or a horse, but not a human being?
Have you noticed that when people ask if they should give someone in their life another chance, the resounding answer is almost always no?
What is the difference between interfering in someone's personal life vs caring for them?
Do most societies view introversion as inferior or as a weakness? Why or why not?
Can one, in a way, say psychologically manipulative people can't distinguish their impulses from reality?
How can you make the difference and make an Instagram girl with thousands of followers to reply your message and ultimately get to know you?
What am I frustrated and angry at?
How do you know if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
How can I psychoanalyse other people?
How can a girl with a high income be with a boy with a low income?
What was your highest view count in one day, and how do you explain the reason that the subject of that most viral answer was so popular to so many?
How do social and personality psychology differ?
Why do some communities evoke the supernatural to make sense of morality?
Can you help me become less awkward and socially anxious at school? I have trouble relating to the other guys.
Should you 'just be yourself' if you are a bad person? Or should you change to suit others?
How do I drive it into my subconscious that I am the real value, & I should love & prioritize my own interests regardless of how broke or lost I am?
What kind of things should you avoid revealing about yourself to people?
What are you strangely thankful for?
Do you believe, in this culture of "whoever cares the least wins," you should be brave enough to be the person who gives a damn?
What makes someone a household name?
My mother is engaged to someone she met less than six weeks ago; the wedding will take place in less than two months. What advice should I give her?
How can I get rid of the victim mentality that I have since childhood?
Why do people care about their careers?
What is the likelihood that a guy would ask a girl to go with him to his yoga class just because he loves yoga?
What's the attitude men are attracted to the most when they flirt with female sex workers, submissive or dominant?
Why do difficult people have to make things so complicated/burdensome? How do you deal with these types of people?
Should I be offended if someone doesn't feel comfortable with me because I am not a 'visible' person of color?
Which people have the highest social status among our society?
As a manager, what is a good response when people say you have an easy job or joke about how you "do nothing all day"?
How can I be liked by extremely introvert women?
Do people care that I don't have that many friends?
Why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on power lines?
What are memes and themes and what do you know about them?
Do girls hate introverts?
"Every relationship has a limit. When that limit is reached it becomes fake." Is that true?
Why don’t people care about the homeless?
Why do people often misrepresent themselves (unintentionally) on their social networking profiles?
How do I research people’s behavior for psychology?
Why do I always care about others' views of me?
How can we identify thieves’ body language?
What do you think would happen if someone lived with little to no contact with people starting after the age of 18?
Why do humans seek social acceptance?
What does someone look like when they are confident about themselves?
Should I tell my classmates about this opportunity even if it means i'll be indirectly telling my enemy about it?
Why are most arguments against suicide ultimately an appeal to sentiment or social construct?
What does your branch of Buddhism believe of homosexuality?
Why do people care about white washing?
If you want to set up a social group how would you find people?
My 2017 boards exam had gone bad. I'm under immense pressure. What should I do to relieve myself from this trauma?
What is it that stops us from becoming what we want?
Why do men feel shame about being wrong? How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed?
What is the moral consequence of not helping family member in need?
How do I learn to care about other people?
Why do I feel the need to protect others from injustice?
What is the greatest persuasion tactic to use?
Which ideas of social psychology do the educational system need to grasp?
What is the best way for an extrovert to handle/deal with situations where people are not interested in socializing? (I'm an extrovert.)
Why are farts socially unacceptable?
How can I overcome the fear of being vulnerable?
How can I be less reserved, when getting to know people and be more spontaneous?
Is crime good for society?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
When a guy tells you to make him smile, is it a bid for connection? Why do people do this?
How will the radical lack of privacy affect people and public life in the future?
How can I care less about others' judgments of me?
What type of men do women like?
What does your average 31 year old guy think about spending time with a 22 year old girl?
Philosophically, why should we care about the oppression of people by their governments and ideologies?
How do I choose the right people who can work as a team and who care about the team/company, not people who care about their own success and desires?
Is the dislike of small talk a sign of high intelligence?
What does it mean when a guy starts sending you music he likes?
Is it bad to pretend you're someone else?
Why are the fans of every sport in Europe more fanatical than the ones in the USA are?
Why do I care a lot about others?
What do you think about this belief: people's self-worth is high or low based on their social class?
Why do some people enjoy living vicariously through games like Sims, shows/movies, celebrities instead of living life & attempt to do what they like?
What should be done when you get to know that your 13-year-old brother not only watches porn but stimulates this idea within his friends?
Are you socially awkward? Why?
In group dynamics, how would you stop a leader who uses the group's fear to control it?
Why do people use the "I don’t want this to ruin our friendship" excuse when they decide not to date a friend?
How can I differentiate between the things which I actually don't want to do and the things which I don't do for other's sake?
How does one practice being patient with other people?
What disorder includes someone who must be right and is too honest, hyperfocused, high-energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, logical, and insistent on perfection?
Is selfishness self-made or inflicted upon one by others?
What disorder includes: must be right, too honest, hyperfocus, high energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, and logical?
How can someone stop pretending to be someone he is not at 23 years old?
Have you ever had a real-life "What Would You Do?" (ABC TV show) moment? If so, what did you do and were you pleased or disappointed with your response?
How do I overcome the uncomfortable feeling when it comes to asking for help?
What are your observations about the psychology of "Flat Earth" believers?
What is your favourite personality typing system? And how do you use it?
Why do so many people not care about real knowledge?
What are the levels of approach from human relationships, speaking of psychological factors and sociological interactions?
Why does sharing a song you like with someone feel intimate?
Should I tell the theater teacher about how much they negatively affected my life, for closure?
Why do people use the phrase "that made me smile"? Is that a bid for connection?
How does an intern ask to be transferred to another team as he is currently not happy with the work he is doing?
Do people actually care about their loved ones?
What are the simple ways not to allow others negatives vibes to affect you?
How can I stop pretending that I don't care about people or anything, because I actually do care?
Why is it hard to use proper English like others?
Why do intelligent and financially stable people not want kids?
Why is it so hard to tell someone they are doing something that hurts your feelings?
Do people inherently fear or distrust someone who identifies as a nihilist?
Would you prefer to smile on a bicycle or cry in a BMW?
Can stigma be life threatening medically and psychologically?
What do you think of people who march to the beat of their own drum?
What makes you like someone?
What makes us argue so heatedly over things we know little about?
What makes someone European?
How can I take revenge on somebody at school for stealing my phone for fun?
What are the qualities that makes someone pragmatic?
What would make a woman repeatedly fall for men she can't realistically be with?
Is giving random applause to bad drivers considered passive aggressive?
Is it unnecessary to try being extrovert, or is it the need to socialize?
What draws people to xenonationalism?
What is your one secret or mantra that would help me to succeed in anything?
Why don't I care what others think, yet I still get nervous about talking to people?
Is it wrong to not care about other people?
How do you know if you should give someone another chance in your life?
What is the purpose of someone telling you that things you have done or said made them smile?
What does it mean when a guy texts you regularly in the evening and the morning?
As you moved from your 20s into your 30s, did you find yourself less interested in making/keeping female friends?
What is the work of an organisational psychologist? What is the difference between organisational psychology and social psychology? Which one has more scope?
If you said thank you to someone over the phone who'd just answered your question and they simply hung up, would you be offended?
If a guy starts pointing out all of the things you do or say that make him smile, is that a sign of emotional attachment?
Recently I've been opposed to even the slightest touch of human contact (even by my close friends) and I'm kind of worried for myself. What should I do?
How does a girl respectfully point out a man is in the wrong without making him feel shame?
Is it normal for people that know me to not greet me?
Have you ever had someone in your life who was beyond patient with you? I have never had someone like that before.
Do you remember when you were young and had a "thing" with a guy or girl you were interested in? What do we call that situation as adults?
What are the most noticeable things that people living under oppressive regimes don't know they are missing?
Are there any secure facilities in the UK to care for people with dementia who are dangerous to other patients?
What can you do when you start to fall out of caring for someone?
How much do you care about self-fulfillment instead of supporting other people besides yourself?
How can I go from the most socially awkward person at a very small school to a very forgettable unnoticeable one?
Does facing adversity make you more sensitive to the suffering of others?
How do you start a texting conversation with someone you're interested in?
Were you a bully in school?
Have you ever realized you had a really sturdy, trusting relationship by accident with a friend of the opposite sex?
How does one resolve the conflict between being oneself and being what others want one to be?
How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed about being associated with being wrong?
Why should people care about LGBTQ rights in other countries?
Why do some guys fall in love with their female best friend while others don't?
Why are most current reality shows about wealthy, vulgar and stupid people only?
Does ASPD make you lonely?
What is the appeal of myth in psychology and sociology?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
How do I stop caring about what others think and say?
How does a pecking order contribute to social behavior?
Do you think people who commit suicide are the ultimate quitters of life?
Is Rabia Kapoor actually an introvert?
Do the liberals that articulate the most inconsequential component(s) of an argument to be annoying or are they literally that stupid?
Should I turn in the same work?
Why do people even care about the sexuality of other people, and sometimes violently object to it?
Would people who support someone's bad behavior privately still continue to do so if the bad behavior became public?
What do socially adept people know that other people don't?
What have you taken the full blame for when others were just as culpable so as to make a problematic thing go away sooner or not appear as bad?
Will I grow out of being socially awkward as a socially awkward teenager?
How do I determine if someone is trustworthy?
Why do I get affected by things which never affected me in the past?
Why most of them speak about others?
Do you feel that the "pun" in this video is because of the way she's dancing in public, what she's wearing, or a combination of both?
How often do you swear?
I feel like a loser in the social world, what are some good social TV series to help me change?
Can one buy their way into high society? If so, how? How much would it cost? Who in history has done it?
How did Hitler go from socially awkward to a persuasive speaker and leader?
What should I answer if someone asks "Are you new to this city"?
How do I control my boss mind?
Why should anyone pay a spouse’s bills when he/she sabotaged his/her career by selling trade secrets just because of his/her ego?
Why is Pinterest so popular among women but not men in 2017?
Why should I care about people when they don't care about me anyways?
How do I deal with passive aggressive coworkers?
Does anyone actually want, or like, to be a bad person?
What is the best book on maintaining a social life?
I have faked a personality for a few years, but now I'm tired of doing it. What can I do?
Your group receives a message asking for help for an ill person. Should you tell the others that the person will not survive?
Do you feel like texting someone right before you fall asleep is intimate? Why does this feel so significant to some people?
How can I find someone in a new place who has the same taste as I do?
When you meet someone that appears young and wealthy, do you typically assume it's mommy and daddy's money?
I’m ugly I like the cute girl but she doesn't like me, but there's a not my type girl who likes me, should I just go with her to not be alone forever?
Who is responsible for what a person says and does to another person?
How do I pee in the presence of others?
How far would you go if someone call you names?
If somebody wants to know about psychology, what should be their introduction to psychology, if they were looking to use it and learn about it?
How do I know I'm not wasting time when socializing?
What is your advice to a 23-year-old man who wants to live his life after having been ignored by his mother since he was 6 years old?
Will hurling harsh abuse at my dad whenever he has a cigarette help him to give up smoking?
Do you believe in the concept of the Evil Eye?
Why are evil people so healthy while good people suffer from chronic diseases?
Is it impossible to live the life that I've always wanted?
Is it possible to completely understand how people feel in specific situations without being able to relate to them?
What is the simplest thing that anyone could do that could completely change society?
What is the psychology behind worshipping a hero/strong man?
When and why was the carrying family name cultural tradition passing from father to son established?
Is it fine to avoid a shabby-looking and uneducated cousin or brother?
Why is dominating others the worst human personality trait?
Do women think there's something wrong with you if you have no interest in dating?
I dated a woman at work for a few months, and then she reunited with her kid's father. How do I stop torturing myself and end my feelings for her?
How do I become a professional conversationalist*? I need a course on conversation skills. How does the addition of a course in a university work?
Would you rather have the "perfect" appearance and be charismatic, or be extremely intelligent, creative and slightly socially awkward?
How can you get on with someone so well in real life but get ignored on Facebook?
Have you ever witnessed a woman being derogatory towards another woman for wearing a red dress?
Should I be upfront and tell the woman I used to date that it is OK for her to bring up her kid's dad in our conversations?
How would you react if a girl told you she meant every bit of support she shows you?
How do you flirt when you're socially awkward?
Why are people in Zürich so arogant and less social?
What makes you believe you are contrarian? And how do you avoid the herd mentality?
Is being passive a bad thing?
Why do people think so much about others?
Do introverts feel drained by interacting on social media?
Does Venmo have you add Facebook friends in order to ensure that you are making transactions with people who you know to avoid scams?
Why do I care so much about my impression?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
What do you do when your significant other is being passive-aggressive?
Do sociopaths care about what others think?
Why do conservatives seem less sensitive to criticism than liberals?
Should people with personality disorders be held responsible for their behavior?
Why do I instinctively feel hostile toward obese people?
It seems people on Instagram have a good life. For example, traveling, enjoying good food, wearing good clothes, etc. Are they real or fake?
Is it customary to hold the door for others who are approaching?
What kind of mental disorder do you have when you feel lonely every single time you are alone?
How do l calm down burning fire of anger inside me and keep quiet?
Can a person opt into more than 1 stream of psychology? How much can we earn in counselling, organisational psychology, and social psychology?
How can there be many genders if gender is a social construct?
Why do we seek validation from worthless people?
Is it good to work in silence and not care about what people explicitly notice?
How do I deal with discouraging people?
Other than a past lover, who has betrayed your trust the most?
Why do men tell you things to get you to worry about them?
Why do political parties usually care more about their survival than doing what’s best for society?
How does being the President of the United States change one? We can see the physical changes but I wonder if this makes them better people?
Is it acceptable to lie to someone with a bad temper in order to avoid conflict?
I read an article that men are starved for appreciation, acknowledgement, and affirmation. Do men get hooked on women who offer these to him?
What are your thoughts on the concept that someone with mental illness cannot be a victim of discrimination, because the condition cannot be seen?
I am looking for the name of a historical woman who carried sick newborns around and their health improved dramatically. Do you know her name?
Why does it make me sad when I find out actors who play fictional characters differ from their roles?
Does my boss really value my work?
Does a lack of response mean “request denied”?
Why do right wingers think people are insulted by being called Social Justice Warriors?
What can we do to make people care about the environment on a scale that would actually lead to change?
Why do models almost always date successful athletes?
What is a psychological hack?
Is it right to help a friend during an exam?
What is the best way a person can get rid of his limiting beliefs?
How can I make somebody pass out without leaving any permanent damage or any clues?
What would young people say that they care about if we asked 26,000 of them?
How should I stop having the habit of ignoring people?
Why are mixed couples in which the male is White not criticized as severely as when the female is White?
Is the theory of constructed emotion commonly believed among psychologists? Is it better supported by evidence than competing theories?
Why do passive-aggressive people tend to aggravate me so much, and does that mean I'm a mean person?
How can I become a Nunchi?
How does it make guys feel when a girl says "I would feel safer if you were with me"?
Why are white women considered to be the most attractive?
Why are biracial Asians more likely to be diagnosed with mental illnesses than monoracial?
As civilization continues to advance, what will be the next major changes to our views on cultural norms that change over time?
How can you tell if a man doesn't trust you?
What are some reasons a man would avoid eye contact with you?
Is the experience of social chemistry with another person ever one sided?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
Do I need to seek psychological or medical help or am I overreacting? If I do need help, how can I cure myself?
A sadistic psychopath is after me. If he manages to attack me, what can I do or say to at least annoy him one last time?
Can you be socially competent despite no social interaction in real life?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
What does it mean when a guy starts calling you a cute nickname to try to get you to smile when you're sad?
How hard is it to find real friends? i.e. people that actually care about your well-being.
Is it possible for a conversation to have more than 3-4 participants?
Should I date a girl who I'm not attracted to, just because the girls that I'm attracted to aren't attracted to me, so I'm not alone forever?
Why do people generally laugh when a female punches a man, but as soon as the man punches back they all rush in to stop the fight?
Do you have any tips and techniques from a superior person to get work done?
Is it really so bad that I have no friends, by choice?
Why does it motivate some people when others make them feel down?
How can I stop my sister from sticking her nose into my and my wife’s personal lives?
What do you think about The Psychopath's Bible?
Why do some people prefer fantasy and are addicted to it? Is it because of a lack of social interaction? What is this term called in psychology?
Do creative artists get too much credit and the inherited tools they use too little credit?
How will a mature 30-year-old girl behave?
Why are there so many passive aggressive questions about Trump?
My friends are laughing at and making me feel like almost everything I do is wrong, what should I do?
My mom is completely white and my dad is completely black but I look completely white. What do I put down when I am asked what race I am?
Do you need to care about other people as a student?
Why do some people like to reject opinions of others?
Have you ever realized you and another person are completely dysfunctional but have great chemistry?
Are people who keep talking about how busy they are, really actually all that busy?
Have you ever noticed that men fish for worry from women like women fish for compliments from men? Why?
What do you think of people who always complain whenever someone discusses a topic that has been discussed more than once?
Why do people care so much about appearance and status?
What is the psychological explanation behind how people become selfish?
Is it true that Bernie cares about helping ordinary people while the rest of Congress mostly care about their own wealth and position?
Is the "I'll show you you're wrong" mindset/attitude the same as caring what other people think of you?
When men feel an emotional connection with a woman, do they usually want to be sexual with her too?
Why do we care so much about others?
What should everyone know about the psychology and sociology of fandom?
What are some tips on running a successful Meetup group?
I'm an introvert, and see social interaction as tiring, and sometimes, a waste of time. How do I enjoy social interaction more?
Do people care if their friends are selfish?
Why do people care about how other people run their lives?
What is the reason that people often give verdicts on others’ afterlife?
Why is social isolation bad?
What is inter-purpose conflict? How is it different from inter-intention conflict?
What type of person I am?
What does it mean when the man I dated for 4 months text me, "you have no idea how crazy you make me…"?
What are some weird and interesting psychological cases?
Does it mean a guy is into you if he clearly likes it when you worry about him?
What can you infer about someone who has more than 2,700 friends on Facebook?
Why do some people treat people who love them worse than those who don't care about them?
Why do people force themselves to purchase a newer smartphone despite the old one still works perfectly fine?
Do people with exaggerated patriotism suffer mostly from superiority or inferiority complex?
Do we care if the human race continues to exist/thrive in the distant future?
How do I become the dirtiest manipulator and liar?
Are we sharing our happiness or seeking approval?
Why do I tend to avoid interacting with people as I become increasingly familiar with them?
Do you ever use a pet name for a female friend?
Seen from the point of view of the spiritually awakened, what is the Matrix?
Do you ever feel like you know for sure the emotionally unavailable man cares about you?
Why do people bully? Is it their inferiority complex that they bully to protect themselves or is it just plain ego?
How do you categorize the relationship with a man who does one thing and says another?
What's the use of socialization?
How would you describe a complainer?
What does it mean when a guy calls you a special pet name when he's trying to make you happy?
Can men and women just be friends if they admit mutual attraction?
Is being an introvert the reason why social interaction does not seem natural for me?
Why are some people unkind to and wary of strangers?
Are personal conflict and inter-group conflict the same?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm not used to talking to people?
Why do we care about what others think of us, and when we realize the problem, how come nothing changes?
Why are we more creative when dreaming?
How long should I wait for a reply email?
What would I call being scared of a lot of things?
Why do people only care about sex?
How can I not care what others think about me? Are there any useful strategies?
How did the Dutch greet each other in the 1950s?
Does being introverted have much to do with not wanting to have sex that much?
Is yelling at someone an efficient way to get out to them?
What tactics/techniques can I use to ACCELERATE the pace of my self-improvement and understanding?
How would chickens (gallus gallus domesticus) behave when set free? Would they still be aggressive towards each other?
Why do people care about what Ali Alshamsi does, or how much money he makes, etc.?
Is feeling lonely a type of emotional disorder?
What do you own that you care about more than you care about most people?
Why do some people have the tendency to project an image of wealth even though they are not wealthy at all?
What do you think about social media and friendship?
What should I put on my 101 in 1001 Days bucket list?
Why do people have patterns of leaving others and then coming back? And how can one improve this?
Is it weird that I find myself beautiful?
What was Rousseau's precise opinion about private property?
What issues do adult children of narcissists face, and how can they over come them to lead a healthy life?
How do you deal with people asking you personal questions?
Why do I feel like the cleaning lady at my parents house sees me as someone that could eventually take their job?
How does it feel to be a 'neurotypical' person?
Should you care about people around you respect you or not?
I'm socially awkward and when I'm high I realise how bad it is. I feel like I need serious help. What do I do?
How can I overcome shyness, low self-confidence and low self-esteem all at once?
Which question(s) would you ask an individual to get the basic idea about his personality?
My parents deny the emotional instability my brother is causing me, what can I do?
What makes someone engaging to you? What makes you want to get to know someone?
Do INFPs tend to be more judgmental than others perceive? Do they like to gossip/ to criticize people?
Why do most people respect jerks more than honest, decent people?
What is the term used to describe someone who pretends to know about psychology?
Why would another guy tap you on the back after using the bathroom as you walk inside the bathroom to use it?
Do robbers target luxury homes, average homes, or poor looking homes?
What is the biological reason of the shyness?
What kind of GIFs and emojis do you wish existed but don't yet?
What things or traits or behaviours can be attributed as a person's own, and which ones can be considered as borrowed?
How do I get my mom to understand that I'm socially awkward?
What are some examples of passive aggressive statements?
Why do I care so much about things that should be unconcerning?
Why is society insane?
Why do I get a profound satisfaction when I overpower a group on my own? (in anything) The lesser the effort, and the bigger the group, the better.
Is it possible to go through life without anyone knowing if you're a boy or girl, man or woman?
Should men with Asperger's who want to date women work on their looks more than on their social skills (which can't be improved)?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
Do we as humans tend to sympathise more with women than we do with men? How does it manifest in today's society?
What are some good examples of social concepts in psychology?
Why don't people in Kerala care about water use?
How can we improve persuasion and convincing skills?
How should I improve my social life as an INTP?
What must I do when I come across selfish people?
What happens if a robber tries to rob someone who doesn't have any money to give, because he's broke or bankrupt?
Why is it that when a guy pretends that he is arrogant and cold hearted he becomes more interesting but with girls it's not the same?
What do social psychologists do and what is the scope of social psychology in India and other countries abroad?
Why is no one ever able to relate to or understand me at all, while I find it easy to do so with most people?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt ask me what I find attractive about my wife and tell me that she considered my wife ugly?
Why did my father tell me to go find a locksmith during my 1-year-old son’s 1st birthday party and in consequence miss out on singing happy bday?
What is the need for superficial socialization?
What are some examples of social factors in psychology?
Why do people nitpick other people?
If I find relief in hating people, should I keep doing it or do something about it?
If you only had a choice between being curious or smart-which would you choose and why?
Is it a desperate attempt to hang onto you if they say "I'll change"?
Is saying "I'm pessimistic" considered pessimist by itself?
Do you think that Trump supporters tend to respond to gut feeling more than reason?
Why does the cooking lady act sometimes as if her coworker, the cleaning lady, is the boss?
Can one be satisfied socially by having only online relationships?
Can one heal from narcissistic abuse with a professional and learn to cope with living with a narcissist, or is no contact the only option?
Has someone ever mistaken you for someone else?
How do I let go of the idea that I won't find anyone like him ever again?
What makes someone engaging?
Why do people care so much about left handedness?
How can multiculturalism strengthen a homogeneous society?
What are the available subjects in BSC social psychology?
Why do some people look like they belong in a certain social groups?
Why do psychopaths/sociopaths have to wear a 'mask' when they say that they don't care what people think about them?
When scandals become public, do most people continue to support them or do they cut ties?
How do you argue with a millionaire?
What does the double eyes emoji mean?
What do you consider sufficient social interaction?
Why do I smile when I'm insecure? And how can I stop doing it?
Why are people in the West so intelligent and smart compared to people in East?
Don't Americans in general care very much about what others might think of them?
Was there a particular strategy behind why Trump repeated the keywords "Obama" and "wiretap" in a 27 minute continuous roll out of tweets?
Why do people swear at politicians in public meetings?
How do I get less attached to my family and friends and move on with my life?
Why would you not feel insignificant and not important as a human being if you have been abandoned by your mother when you were 6 years old?
How can we stop human trafficking and modern slavery?
When did cigarettes become socially unacceptable?
Biologically, what makes people more awkward than others?
Does messaging on Quora seem cheap or desperate?
How do I deal with a teenager who's been neglected for most of his life?
Should we care what strangers think about us?
How do I stop getting intimidated by someone due to their size, physical appearance, social status or social rank?
Does my best friend care about me? She always tells me things about her life, but when I do it, she's kinda unapproachable.
Why do people want to be liked?
Why am I always so awkwardly silent, even with my friends? People always call me boring.
Why is social status so important? Why does it matter more to some people than others?
After people found out more about me, I was shunned from society. What should I do?
What does a therapist say to someone with self-hatred in psychotherapy?
What are some behavioral examples of a frenemy?
I'm a really lovable and caring person but I always seem to care more about other people instead of caring about myself. Should I keep doing this?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt say that my wife and I are from different socio-economical classes?
Why doesn't anyone tell me to hangout even though I think I'm a really good and fun person?
Where I can find a database of last words writing by people committed suicide?
How would you deal with someone that you share peanut butter with, but they stick their fingers in to scoop instead of using a spoon?
What are the emotional challenges that some single children might face in their personal/social life?
Can trying to be congenial to others upon meeting them be misinterpreted as kiss-assery?
How much of what straight men do and what they like are the result of social expectations?
Do people care what you have to say?
Why don't people care about things that don't directly affect them?
Rasicm: How can I be more tolerant of other cultures?
Why could I have such a bad tendency to be clingy?
Why did my aunt choose to discourage my brother?
How do I make someone my subaffiliate?
Why are there so few followers of ESTJ and ISTJ topics on Quora?
With reference to the latest empirical studies, how do we explain the biochemical and psychological factors that influence interpersonal attraction?
Is it true that someone you find attractive might not necessarily be attractive to someone else?
Why was I confident as a child, but not now as a teenager?
Why do people not care about taking care of our environment for future generations?
What would happen if private life were forbidden?
Under what circumstances do emojis lead to better communication?
How do you stay fresh in a world where taste and priorities are always changing?
Can constructive criticism cause more harm than good?
What are the pitfalls of using GIFs?
What can you tell about a person's level of intelligence from their facial reactions and microexpressions?
What causes attraction? Can you help being attracted to someone? Or is it something that can't be helped? Are you attracted based on your upbringing?
Why is social interaction important to human health?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
When was studying in schools/universities harder/easier?
Could not being hugged or told that I'm loved for two years affect me for the rest of my life? I'm aware of being skin starved.
Remember the man who confessed to killing Jon Benet Ramsay, but didn't? What should have been done with him?
Why do we stress when other people are stressed?
Can you have an entire conversation using GIFs and would that be considered a new language?
Why did my wife’s biological mother ask me why I wanted to marry my wife? Is it because she is crazy?
How can someone actually love themselves if they feel unloved and unwanted?
You have a gun to your head. It's you or a complete stranger. That stranger is a child. What do you do?
I'm not the kind of woman who falls for players yet he got me. How do I get past the feeling of shame?
Leadership: Under which circumstances should you take responsibility for others' actions?
Which professional should I see for personal general advice?
Why should I care about the opinions of strangers?
How do I convince my friend who is a philanderer (not in a sexual way) from proposing to a simple girl?
Should you interview people in your personal life like you interview people for a job to try to determine if they will be a good fit for you?
Why would a girl with whom you have never talked to or seen on a daily basis at a jogging park, change directions when seeing you?
Is social climbing a good thing or a bad thing?
Should I rent my own place or stay with family?
What are the most popular new emojis added in 2016/17 and what do they mean?
How is it possible to really move on for good in my life, to forgive the past, and to live mindfully in the present, after I have lived miserably for 23 years?
Why do people sterotype and make fun of intelligence, yet then use intelligent people to their advantage?
Would you accept to have sex with Donald Trump for an entire hour in exchange of 50 million dollars?
Should we care what other people think about us?
What are some effective but morally questionable psychology tricks?
Is there a good way to not feel bad when you read insults that are indirectly targeted toward you (e.g.: “All woman are bitches.”)?
If I stop eating and drinking now, how long will it take to die?
Do you think that those popular teenagers who pretend that they are cold-hearted are acually cold-hearted or do they just want to appear interesting?
Is it exhausting to have haters?
Why did my wife’s biological mother warn me about a possible fight between the father of my wife’s 5-year-old son from a previous relationship and myself?
Which MBTI types love and hate competitive ball sports?
What can an adult child of narcissistic parents do to recover and lead a healthy life?
What's passive aggressive tendencies?
When should you help someone who does not want help?
What is the difference between the values and rationale of a cult vs. society at large?
Why do fans make us feel cool?
What do libertarians think of Sebastian Junger's book, Tribe, and its promotion of communitarian values and skepticism about Western individualism?
What are some examples of social facilitation in psychology?
Why are you so nosy?
How do you insert multiple worksheets from the same excel file into a word doc?
A team of people is left on an island. What psychological tricks can you use in order to be accepted as their leader?
How can we overcome inferiority complex in front of ultra modern society?
How can I stop a person from jumping to conclusions about me?
Why are annoying people that are talked about often given limitless leeway but not the one talking about them?
I want to quit my job and start a business to help under privileged people. Is it stupid?
Why do people often care more about 'intelligence' than effort?
Why do people care about the smell at the gym?
What do you do as a living and how did you get where you are today?
How predominant is internalized racism within people from East Asia (Korea, China and Japan)?
Has the "herd mentality" of humans ever caused you to have a negative experience?
Why do I feel like the cleaning maid wants me to leave my parents house and go live somewhere else?
What the hell is going on with me?
Have you been practicing compassion?
Why do many teenagers have a 'depressed' phase?
How do people feel about coming to a new, modern world in which technology is heavily depended on?
My friend had sex with her boyfriend, but had to be persuaded into it. Is this rape?
How do you deal with someone that purposefully accuses you of everything that goes wrong, even when they know that they caused the issue?
What is the psychological explanation of people who live their lives in a constant state of competition?
Why do vegetarians care so much about what others eat?
What book would you recommend on human and social behaviour?
I get sick of people I'm friends with over time. Why is this?
What is true authenticity? Is it sane to be truly authentic? At what point does authenticity become too much for happiness?
How do I deal with feeling intimidated and embarrassed when learning something new?
How can I overcome my dependency to social media?
When is it appropriate to use ghosting in online social situations?
How can I get to terms with the fact that attractive people get to experience sexuality and attraction much more lustful and exciting than ugly ones?
Why do I cringe and feel awkward for people?
Why do some people get mad when you "play devil's advocate"? Isn't it healthy & essential to use counter-advocacy for just about everything?
Due to watching porn and 'what will people think', I have difficulty to talk to girls. How can I over come?
What should I put on my 101 in 1001 Days bucket list?
What makes someone part of the capitalist class?
Do extremely formal people irritate you?
Can you die from social isolation?
Over the years I've taken many tests and always come out as ENTP, how can I improve or enrich my life by knowing this?
How do I not feel bad about quitting my job that I just started working for?
What are your positives and negatives aspects?
I'm socially awkward and when I'm high I realise how bad it is. I feel like I need serious help. What do I do?
When should you be proud?
My parents deny the emotional instability my brother is causing me, what can I do?
Can somebody invent something that will keep me from accidentally texting my ex?
How can a male teenager of 18 years old become mature?
How can I stop avoiding care from women at 22 years old?
How does one be in the present and be prepared for the future at the same time?
Do robbers target luxury homes, average homes, or poor looking homes?
What are some reasons nobody should have an inferiority complex?
Is their any psychological reason behind why spending time in nature makes people more alive?
What makes someone a liar?
I have to work with a narcissistic woman. She always tries to make me look bad. How should I behave and talk to her?
Is it possible to go through life without anyone knowing if you're a boy or girl, man or woman?
Is it normal to become socially withdrawn after moving to a new job?
Do people care about your achievements?
Should minors be required to have parental consent for abortion?
Why do people think I'm awkward?
Do I have a psychological problem?
Why does somebody like to be loved and adored even at the cost of their self respect at times?
Being an introvert, I know socializing isn't one of my strengths. How do introverts manage the cruelty of silence when running out of words in any conversation?
Why don't people in Kerala care about water use?
What must I do when I come across selfish people?
Why do sometimes persons satisfy society first as in their life goals and then try to satisfy their own personal life goals?
What happens if a robber tries to rob someone who doesn't have any money to give, because he's broke or bankrupt?
Is a society only a social construct- how much of our behaviour is programmed by material necessity? Drives- how reflexive are they?
Why is it cool to know things, but not cool to learn them?
Can you see an unresolved Oedipus complex in extreme left slanted handwriting?
How would you feel if you pour your heart out to someone, and they respond with 'K'?
Why do people like me more when I don't care?
How can you help a 9 yr old boy who is violent and socially awkward?
Which is the greater evil, bigotry or terrorism?
What is the need for superficial socialization?
Do guys find girls that are smart attractive?
Could one predict what kind of 'cheap' stance a certain populace or community would take on any given slightly challenging issue or problem?
Why are foreigners helping us Bangladeshis but our own people don't care about our country?
Is there a psychological explanation for why I get turned on by dressing literally hot?
Why is Urie Bronfenbrenner's ecological theory considered psychological and not sociological?
How do I control the bad words I speak when I’m angry?
Is ignoring ignorant or rude comments on social media really always the best policy?
How can I stay away from 2 so-called friends of mine who only disturb me and put me down?
Why can't one human being trust another human being easily? Why do we need laws, rules and regulations to keep everyone in check?
Why does my wife get mad at me when we’re laying in bed and I get an erection when watching a TV show with a sexy woman in it?
Are humans social because of biological or sociological reasons?
What is the psychological reason behind "Gloomy Sunday" being so depressing?
How can I kiss a random guy I'm interested in while at a large gay dance party?
To what extent do you care what others think?
Why does my wife refuse to sign a receipt for the money that I provide her monthly?
How does partisanship make us less smart?
Will human social interaction have any purpose in the distant future?
Do you ever feel inferior just because of where you come from?
At what age are people out of the smoking weed thing?
In the movie "Good Will Hunting" Do you think the ending was right or wrong? Why?
Could automatic behavior be associated with certain social interactions?
How can I make friends in 2nd year college Btech?
Can people who completed their BA with a major in sociology become counsellors if they get a master’s degree in counselling?
How do I avoid overreacting and getting angry and frustrated when discussing with other people?
What is the society interaction?
What makes someone unpatriotic?
When women consistently don't make eye contact with me, it makes me feel that I’m not someone worthy of acknowledgement. Is this feeling justified?
Why are people in the West so intelligent and smart compared to people in East?
What would be the psychological and social effects of a world without privacy?
How can a 10 years old boy stops defining himself according to his parents' identities and learn to be aware of his personal identity?
Biologically, what makes people more awkward than others?
Does being a polyglot make you more of an intellectual?
How can I change my facial expressions?
What are the warning symbols before downfall of a society?
How do we end racism and racial bias in the Western World?
How do I get rid of smoking fetish?
What does a therapist say to someone with self-hatred in psychotherapy?
Considering the outcomes of the Milgram experiment, what can be the best framework for an efficient institution?
Is it common for unattractive, broke, unsuccessful people with low standards to obsessively hate on people who have it all?
What role can cognitive psychology play in the application of AR/VR in museums (informal learning environments)?
What do I do if no one in the group likes me?
What is betrayal? Could you give me examples so I can understand why people betray?
Is there anything specific I could say or do to win any argument?
Do people care what you have to say?
How can I stop being a conversation killer?
Assuming proof existed, could any "good" result from learning about average genetic differences in socially valued traits between human groups?
Why are we so interested in what others think of us?
What are some examples of safe spaces?
Is it being unconfident to not be able to ask a woman to be her friend for benefits?
What can be said about a person who says he can do things but in reality cannot?
Why do I always want physical affection, despite having a loving family?
How do you not care about what others think?
What would happen if private life were forbidden?
Why do I still care about people that underestimate me?
I like to ask why and talk about philosophy and science, am I a boring person because I like deep conversation?
Is it true that the things we hate in others are actually the things we hate in ourselves?
What makes someone an overachiever?
How could I lower my expectations of people?
How can a sensitive person avoid an inferiority complex if they are least loved by society?
How can I exit any social situation as fast and tactfully as possible?
What must one assume or learn to question about social morality to not be a victim of other's dogmas, false ideologies and collective tyranny?
Which labels about other people do you find useful and which ones do you try to see beyond?
What are some examples of social mores in psychology?
How do I win over a person who has done psychology?
How do you advertise something for somebody to check out?
In an education test I have to answer a pedagogical situation in philosophical, sociological and psychological aspects. How do I choose what to study?
Why should I care about how other people feel?
How do I not be socially awkward in small talks?
Why do some people disagree with Gurmehar?
Why is it difficult to put one's nation before one’s religion? If religion really defines us as people, then why do we have nations?
How do I stop feeling like everyone hates me at my new job?
What is the psychological or sociological dynamic behind the apparent tendency of British people to not express their feelings?
Remember the man who confessed to killing Jon Benet Ramsay, but didn't? What should have been done with him?
Why do we stress when other people are stressed?
Are Syeds kind people?
Why do people protect, help or defend strangers or the weak without expecting anything in return?
What is social interaction, and what are some types of social interaction?
What's the best way for a society to fight ignorance?
What would be the consequences if someone refuses to drink or join a party?
What are some social psychological interventions for religious discrimination in the workplace?
Why should I care about the opinions of strangers?
How easy is it to confuse simple awkwardness with a judgmental vibe?
Is social climbing a good thing or a bad thing?
Why does a 5 year old want adults to do stuff that he should by himself already and if that is not correct explain why?
Why do people sterotype and make fun of intelligence, yet then use intelligent people to their advantage?
Should I stay in another country with a full time job but no friends, or go home to friends and unemployment?
Can abused children without families or support ever find peace and become functional on their own as adults?
As a society, are we lagging in race relations? We are progressive on many fronts but are we becoming an inclusive and "colorblind" society?
What are the best tips to overcome my inferiority complex?
What do I do if a girl shows interest in the club/dancing?
Does your wife complain about you watching porn?
What are the coolest social psychology theories and concepts?
How can I stop my 5-year-old stepson from bullying my 1-year-old son?
What is social interaction and what is the elements and types of social interaction?
Why are you so nosy?
Why am I always hearing my name?
How can we make people care more about recycling resources?
Why do I find videos of public marriage proposals cringeworthy? (To the extent that I can't even finish watching the video)
Why do I fail at fighting social awkwardness?
Why are good people considered fools in this evil world?
Why don’t people admit or say that their hobbies are using Facebook most of the time, or watching TV, or sleeping, or eating, or taking selfies?
What are the social benefits and detriments to trusting?
How do you think Vault 7 from Wikileaks has changed the world?
What's the easiest way to flash a social smile in the workplace when you don't find something funny?
Why do some people consider actors to be pretentious? Why are their award shows called pretentious? Would you say these people judging are correct?
Is it good to socially isolate during bad times?
How is being close friends with an extrovert different from being close friends with an introvert?
What has always been your paradigm about love relationship between men and women?
How do I stop hating boys?
Why would people confuse confidence with arrogance? Is it because they're insecure,so they try to bring you down to boost their self-esteem? What is it?
What factors influence whether a person becomes or is territorial?
What are some things you disagree on regarding Abraham Maslow's hierarchy of Needs?
Could an autistic savant display social aptitude through psychological study, and memorizing body language, micro-expressions, and other social cues?
Does this crowdfunding idea have a chance to be successful?
My landlady is being extra nice to me and I don't know how to feel about that. Does she expect something in return?
Is it being self-centered or selfish if someone gets upset that I did not give them a ride in my car?
What are your predictions for 2017 regarding the global social scene?
How should I deal with people assuming that I'm "white" and treating me according to their ignorance?
What is the psychological and social damage of masturbation?
Is it acceptable for people to throw shade at someone?
What can I do about my embarrassment with loneliness?
How can we make people fully grasp that truth, JUSTICE and CARING for others are more important than personal interests and gains?
What are some unspoken rules teens follow?
Why do people love to force their way of living or religion on others?
Is everything fundamentally sexual?
Why do so many friends I see have egos?
What can be an explanation for an 80 years old man having girlfrends during his lifetime for at least 20 years younger?
How can I let my guard down?
Do you believe there are different races?
Why are we called social beings?
Who is Danielle Bregoli?
Our family's life is not changing and none of us are achieving anything big. What should we do?
How do you deal with nosey people?
Why do people try to peep into others social accounts?
Did you ever meet anyone nice at a 99 cents pizza place?
How can I humanize a car and make it more human like?
Can someone be perfect?
What are some research trends in the field of psychology?
What would you call it when an individual breaks a social norm because the alternative is more in alignment with their autonomy?
How quickly do social skills "rot" after a period of little use?
What qualities do rich women look for in men?
If Willy Wonka had a wife, would she be more likely to be an Oompa Loompa, a Vermicious Knid, Frau Gloop or Miss Spider from James and the Giant Peach?
Why would a father pick on his daughter’s looks so relentlessly?
What do you do if you find out someone made fun of your appearance and your friends laughed with them behind your back?
What void can the absence of father have in a boy's development and personality?
What do I do when everyone ignore me as if I'm not there, it really hurts?
When I tell someone my new invention, somehow I'm much less motivated to make it after the telling. Is there a psychological term or study for this?
Is it the kind of crowd a particular restaurant draws that determines if you get weird looks when you go there?
Should I go for a more expensive transport service for peace of mind, or should I try to figure out the cheapest taxi service?
Are sly digs a form of passive aggressiveness?
How can I have " I don't care what other people think" attitude?
What is fairness entitlement syndrome?
How can I be a supportive friend in conversation?
Why do many of my old friends start to avoid and ignore me, after I clearly declared that I am taking full responsibility for my own life?
What are some good, informative books on cliques and adolescent psychology?
Are people with depersonalization-derealization disorder socially active?
Do things come to us when we extensively dream about them/ wish for them or when we dont seek them?
Why do humans care about being judged?
How can I look powerful?
Why is it that I smile when others cry or simply don't care when they talk about all the bad in their life?
What makes a person think horrible things about another?
Is it possible for women to initiate conversation with a guy?
Why do we judge when we see someone is weird?
How long does it take for someone to show their true personality?
What are 12 psychological hacks to improve the outcome of any social situation?
Is it acceptable to judge people according to social groups?
How do I handle unannounced visitors?
Are romantic relationships a syndrome of capitalism?
Why do so many people seem to not like or care at all about wolves?
How can an introvert work to reduce interaction with other introverts and increase interaction with extroverts?
Are teenagers more likely to flirt with a group teenagers they don't know over a group that they do know?
Why do people say they love you but don't want to share their money?
How can I become arrogant & have lots of attitude that I stop caring about people who don't care about me or who actually don't deserve my attention?
Can socially awkwardness be genetic?
I know our personality type, INTJ, is often very misunderstood. What are some instances of being misunderstood that bothered/affected your life the most?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Could calling a thirty-year-old man "puppy" be offensive to him?
How long does it take for a culture that has been enslaved, oppressed, or suppressed to heal?
What makes someone weird?
Why do people care about spoilers?
Prostitution and spying are considered as the oldest professions. What does this say about us humans?
What make you as a person has a good self-esteem since you were a child?
At what age have you stopped caring about what others think of you?
What are examples of famous speeches or lectures that compelling and successful but are actually logically incoherent or grammatically incorrect?
Why is human behavior so unpredictable?
How can big law associates work 90+ hours a week if there is a limit to will power?
What are some open questions to ask somebody to have something to say in a conversation?
Why do people tend to label themselves?
Is it normal to feel very uncomfortable when you are at a party where you don't know anyone?
Why do people care too much about IQ, is it because that measurement can raise their self-esteem up?
Can you recommend literature about shame as a core emotion?
Why do people tend to ignore others' warnings?
Is love just an expression of physical and emotional human needs?
Why is it that no matter where I go in life, I still experience the same negative outcomes?
How can you effectively deal with a passive aggressive person?
How do I handle it when strangers do not know my level of knowledge, and behave in a superior manner, e.g. giving advice, etc.?
Why do people think I'm gorgeous?
Why are there questions "disadvantage of educating women" on Quora & many articles on internet about “advantages & disadvantages of educating women”?
How do I manage with roommates (stranger) if you are sharing room away from hometown?
When you speak to someone, mentioning his/her name either in the beginning of the sentence or in the middle changes the tone of the dialogue. Why?
What are must known psychological and sociological theories that every marketing professional know?
What is Digital Psychology?
Is Islamophobia a made up concept or is it deeply embedded in root level society in the US?
Some people like to think in binary terms, black and white. Why is nuance so hard for them?
People dislike me because of how poorly I speak. What can I even do to fix myself when no one will help me?
Why does the left not seem to care about people who shame atheists, short people, virgins, people with low IQs, and other groups?
Can people Differentiates between shyness and arrogance?
Is it hard to fit in certain gay social groups?
What is the most useful question to ask someone in a different profession?
How do I stop inferiority complex of being a slow learner and absorber and just start to live in a highly competitive society?
How can someone overcome toxic shame, the wound of rejection, self-hatred, inferiority complex and the feeling of inadequacy?
As a Muslim, have you encountered Muslims who abuse the concept of taqiyah?
Should I change my friend circle? And if yes, how ?
Why do we like some people more than others?
How do you become an interesting and creative person (How to overcome nervousness in order to be myself) ?
Why are Canadians so passive aggressive?
Sometimes I really hate being boyish, and sometimes I really hate being girly. Which do I choose?
What do you like most about other people?
Why would my aunt discourage me from taking a good opportunity whilst encouraging her daughter for the same?
Is it practical to wear neck tie?
How can we dig ourself out of the hole of lies that is getting bigger?
Why do people often claim that people from other nations are crazy drivers?
What is so good and bad about Indian society or culture?
How can one be selectively social?
How can mythology relate to sociology and psychology? What are the examples of sociological and psychological myths?
Are 'passive/aggressive behaviors' done unconsciously?
Why is it rude to wear a hat indoors?
Why does Google honour Abdul Sattar Edhi today?
Why don't people care about constants other than π?
How can I become an open person around strangers?
Is it true that in the degree a person has more intelligence, there is less a need for socialization and vice versa?
My singing video has went viral. How do I handle this sudden fame?
If we thank people too much then does it look bad?
What are some lesser known/ understood psychological facts?
Can you get two masters in psychology and sociology?
How can I get a girlfriend when I don’t think I’m worth anyone’s time?
How do you develop passive-aggressive emotions?
How do I get the man I need?
Why does somebody know you for 2 seconds and call you shy?
Is it true that average person use too many swear words in his mind while thinking?
Is it a misunderstanding about who are truly women that make many guys unassertive and not able to express their feelings for women?
If people are such social beings, then why do introverts exist?
How can I free myself from resentment? How can I reprogram my mindest toward my field?
Why do some Asians have inferiority complex and want to be white?
Why do I find some people annoying for no reason?
To what extent can organizations be said to operate as a single entity and not a set of separate individuals with different aims?
I have trouble breathing when talking. How can I breathe better when having a conversation?
My colleague abused me and told me that I have no work morals. How should I deal with us?
Is it okay to care about certain sciences and not care about other?
Does life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
Why extroverts are so adamant & arrogant?
Why are people so different through email than they are in person?
Why do the Bajrang Dal people become so active on 14th Feb and start caring about the country's culture so much? Why is no action taken against them?
How do I deal with social cliques?
How can I start being myself & feel confident? How can I stop restraining my personality due to fear of coming off as arrogant and cocky?
How can I stop being socially awkward and build a network?
Why is it that this guy I know sees the need to call me by my middle name?
Why does Cristiano Ronaldo have more fans than Lionel Messi, even though everybody admits that Messi is the best player?
As a social psychologist, how do conversations usually feel with other people? Do you analyze everything they say/do and base your responses on that?
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you after doing a good deed?
How can I change my mentality that makes me believe that I will never be loved by women?
Is it common for people to distance themselves from someone who is involved in something illegal/unethical?
How can I teach psychology to my peers?
Why do you think people usually hardly withstand the not very comfortable truth about them or their actions?
Why is it that when someone pays attention to me I act stupid?
What is a life hack that you think everybody should know?
Why are people with personality disorders usually considered as human monsters, rather than individuals in need of psychological help?
Why do so many people care more about actors & directors than the characters or movies themselves?
Why is it so difficult nowadays to find a conservative, religious, nationalist girl?
How would you explain "sexual abuse" to a group of children? (In kid-friendly language)?
Why is being smart, informed and educated seen as uncool in America Pop Culture and Hollywood?
How do I deal with a socially awkward relationship?
What 7 questions would ask someone to gauge their suitability to be your personal assistant?
Why do Indians care so much more about what other people think about themselves instead of getting to be proud of themselves?
Is the fear of being rejected nature or nurture?
What are the psychological side effects of working hard and social isolation?
If I don't eat and drink and exercise for two hours a day, will I be skinny in five months?
What have you learnt about life, people or business that you can classify as 'undeniable truths'?
Do you believe that no matter their social status, everyone is born with the same opportunities?
How do I gain social status?
What are the habits of a person who is both, an introvert as well as an extrovert?
How are some people more likable than others in a social environment?
Do you think he avoids me on purpose?
Could you share intimacy with someone you dislike?
If love and companionship are basic human needs, then aren’t we with people just because they satisfy these needs?
Can you pay great attention while having a laugh attack at the videos below and then describe what is happening in your head and body at that moment?
What specific type of mental disorder is it when someone always feels sorry for himself/herself?
He is trying to say he is sorry by his actions but why is it so difficult for my younger brother just to apologize?
Is vlogging in public an example of breaking a social norm?
Why are people being judged by their past?
Are there any people who overcame severe inferiority complex and became successful?
"Do what you are passionate about" - isn't that just selfish and arrogant advice that keeps you from the good opportunities that are out there?
Do you find "bad words" attractive?
Is it silly to offer someone help that you yourself cannot achieve?
What causes someone to develop the savior syndrome?
What are some ways of dealing with relatives who gossips about you because you are becoming Westernized?
Is social psychology used in game development?
Is social or religious fraud against the law?
How can I avoid the trap of group think?
Facebook: Why do people "vaguebook?"
How can one give oneself the right to exist as one really is?
What is the reason that oxytocin increases in-group bias, racism, aggression and schadenfreude in people?
Can you be working class and rich?
Psychologically, what makes someone prone to invitations, supporting others, and paying for their sandwiches, Coke, and candies?
Is it normal to not participate in certain social situations and not like most people?
Why do Indians care so much about social status, reputation and what other people think about them?
Would introverts like to be extroverts?
Do men need social connection as much as women?
What is the relevance of social psychology in a work place?
Is sivananda gurukulam a safe place?
Why is ”culture” a thing?
Can Quora persuade?
Where or from whom have you learned most about seduction?
What is conformity in sociology?
I speak very poorly - finding it hard to express myself - and people often perceive me as being dumb because of it. How do I speak better?
Is it wrong that I reject those that were not friendly to me in the past?
Is it good having social awkwardness?
Do you sometimes avoid going out with a stepchild of yours because you don't want to become associated with the child due to the childs misbehavior?
Do girls feel excited when they see a guy’s exposed underwear? Why do guys feel excited when they see a girl’s exposed panties?
Why are people so concerned about other people’s looks?
Due to a number of commitments, my social circle shrunk. I am now looking to expand it again. How do I do this?
Are boys and girls both in a collage or school want to talk to each other but eel shy to do so?
How should I handle a over feminist woman?
What do you think about Donald Trump's shake-and-pull handshake?
What is over-feminism?
What are the early signs that say you're in the wrong environment?
Why do critiques find the movie "The Edge of Seventeen" so profound when it's as ridiculously unrealistic as a Disney movie?
Why do some people come into your life for a reason?
What level of technological progress could be necessary in order to functionally dispell organized superstitions?
Do you feel horny today?
A friend of mine was banned from a bar that we would frequent together. Why is he attempting to prove himself now?
What haunts you personally?
What do people do once they realize they are genetically unfit to reproduce?
Can I enter a graduate clinical psychology or social work program without psychology or social work undergraduate credits?
What is the actor-observer effect?
I told the deepest secret of my life to a near stranger. Was I stupid to do that?
What can be said about inconsistent actions of a friend?
Why is it more socially acceptable for an attractive woman to have high standards but not an unattractive woman?
Could a guy be looking at me only because I looked at him?
Do people say that there is no need to be accepted by others because they are not so?
Why am I the only one suffering in my family, but they think everything is fine?
Do you fight back when you know you will lose a fight against someone?
Why are Indians out of other races, care so much about status and social class?
I'm introverted and socially awkward, how can I meet a girl if I'm always silent?
Do people care about themselves more than others?
How can I make hugs longer without it being awkward?
What are best place for introvert?
How can I forget about being neglected and abandoned in childhood and have a good self-esteem?
You're at a party feeling so awkward and so insecure with people dancing and drinking (I don't dance nor drink), what do you do?
Why do some people get annoyed & consider you stupid or accuse you of asking "stupid questions" whenever you ask questions?
Why do many large successful political parties hold rallies and expensive dinners instead working full steam to fix areas of destruction in society?
How could one break out of their bubble of being shy and caring so much of what others think?
Why are prostitutes looked down upon?
Should you judge someone based on their tone of voice?
How can I stop feeling that I am not worthy of love?
Is Stirner basically saying that I shouldn't care for any other people at all?
How has the internet changed the social landscape of the world? Has this created any problems?
I told a Somali woman that her name sounded like it was ancient Egyptian and she gave me a stare like she got very offended. Did I do something wrong?
Should you care or not care about what people think?
Is the narcissistic way the best way when dealing with new people, by never showing emotional weakness?
How do I deal with siblings who are born shy, emotionally dependent and coward?
Does low life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
Do I need to be extra nice to the people who project their inferiority complex on me?
Is it bad that I know how to manipulate people?
A worker at my hostel asked me for money because his child is very ill. He also told me not to tell anyone. Should I give him some money?
Is it normal to not care about other people's feelings?
How can you break dogmatic thinking?
How do I be a happy introvert?
When did you stop seeking approval and validation from others?
Is there a specific psychological reason Top Writers on Quora often start answers with "I love this question!"?
I want to move, but I'm sadly torn between leaving family for great weather. What to do?
Why do some people like to install uncomfort situations for an opponent in conversation?
Is arrogance more attractive than humility?
How can I maximize social interactions in one month?
Why are most people happy to accept the phrase "that's just the way it is"? Why don't people ask "why"?
Why does 8/10 sound so much better than 4/5 in terms of rating?
Can adoption cause introversion?
What can be said of a person who yells and screams at you and then acts like he did nothing wrong within a few hours?
How do I stop feeling guilty for people worse-off than me? Why is the world so unequal?
What can I do when Scientologists continue to try persuade me that I should go bridge?
Why don't people understand that homosexual attraction to other men doesn't necessarily make a man less manly?
How can a bar be designed to specifically appeal to introverts?
Why does it take time to process in your head that you've been betrayed?
For a research paper I want to write about music. However, I also need to write about a solution to a global issue. How do I even approach this?
What makes someone assertive?
What would you today, be more frightened to attend: a job interview or a blind date and why?
What are some ways to deal with a psychopath who plans to destroy my company?
Is 5"9 short for a 23 year old man?
What is peer pressure like in Japan?
If elite hackers declassified hundreds of conspiracy theories from the Pentagon, what would the public/international reaction be?
Why do people not care about NASA?
What is it like to move to a new country on the opposite side of the world with your family as a child?
What happens to those boys who live secluded life in college days?
Why is "cunt" considered so much worse as a swear word than "dick" or "cock"?
How can one manage his life after being bullied in middle school and high school?
What are some useful tips to control your negative thoughts, when you are in situation where people treat you low and talk bad about you in the back?
Why do I care what people think so much? What causes this?
Two people are in a room, and you are told that one of them has to die. What five questions will you ask them in order to choose which one lives?
How can I stop overthinking that which has no concrete answer so I can worry about things I can change?
How does a woman's view of a man differ, before and after sex with him?
When a person feels proud of something does this automatically mean they feel superior?
Do people care if I write about them on composition books?
I’ve been referred to as "pussy" a few times. What does that mean?
Why do so many supervisors and managers talk to their staff as if they are 10-year-olds?
Is it cool to be a racist today?
Do girls like to make fun of boys? If so, why?
How do you safely confront a bully?
Why is it so difficult to judge oneself objectively as a person?
Under what conditions should people be unkind?
What is the best way to get someone to do a favor for you?
A girl liked me very much, but she lost all interest and now she isn't so keen on talking to me. What should I do?
How do you know someone is lucky?
Do Americans still baptize their children?
How do you loosen up before a socially challenging event?
How can I determine if someone is interested in me or my money?
What are some great tips to help someone not care what others think?
Why do we treat people so badly when they mean the most to us?
What are the advantages and shortfalls of being individual (lonely), in a group and being in a couple relationship?
What is the likely outcome of the currently generalised 'white privilege' racism?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
Why should we care about the privacy of others?
How does a immature spouse get along with a mature spouse?
Why does no one want to be friends with me?
Socializing is difficult for me. I tend to not care about conversations. I also experience social anxiety. Am I an introvert or just socially awkward?
How do psychopaths deal with Jehovah's Witnesses?
What is a healthy balance between intellectualism, objectivism vs. emotional intelligence, socialising, expressing emotions?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and courteous behaviour?
Why do we as a society love technological progress but disregard working on social and cultural progress so much?
What are some social psychology studies done on everyday life?
Have you been attending church and fellowships without ever feeling the need to become baptized? Do you question why others get baptized but not you?
How do I stop envying successful people?
Does the word "please" after every question make it better?
How can I be a "social mirror" psychologically?
Is it possible to actually be addicted to the thrill of doing something I shouldn't be doing?
What are ways to change my personality to save myself from the savior syndrome?
Is there a way to be fully independent of the opinions of others and don't care?
What is the minimum conforming behavior we need for society to function?
What celebrities do you want to be in your squad?
What are the fastest ways to deal with an inferiority complex and shyness?
How can I survive being totally isolated from any people?
How do I change my own micro expressions?
Why do Android users hate Apple so much more than Apple users hate Android?
Do most people sometimes have much more cash on them than at other times?
What is the most efficient ethical way to un-brainwash (very) large numbers of people?
Can one's intelligence be detrimental to social relationships?
What is the most precise way of bearing pain & keeping your dignity at the same time?
What should I do so I don't care that much about other people's opinion?
Do you agree with all of these points on the nature of mankind?
How would you make new friends at a new place/country?
Why do people care so much about their babies, even though they could just make a new one?
How do you break the silence when you're alone with a friend? I'm socially awkward.
What can you call someone who cares about the opinions of other people a lot?
Should I have shouted at my dad for being too slow?
How can I become a more quiet and calm person?
Why don’t “unsuccessful” people usually like “successful” people?
Is it wrong to be attracted to other people while you're in a relationship?
How do you know if a platonic relationship is toxic or if you just have differing opinions?
As a parent, how can I cultivate the self-esteem of my children?
Why do I get so embarrassed to clean my runny nose in public? Does everyone else feel the same?
Why do we love some numbers more than the other ones?
What makes people indifferent to society and how it can be cured?
How do I approach a girl to talk to her/get to know her?
Why do most meetup groups have many members but only a few actually show up?
When a woman passes by while in public, which part of her body will be observed first?
How is social psychology applied in everyday life?
Can a narcicisst also be an introvert?
Why do we keep lingering on the people who don’t even care about us?
What are characteristics of awkward people?
Have you or known anyone who acted like a completely different person when they’re angry?
Why do some people push others away when they are ill?
How do I make a living without ever going outside?
How do I ask somebody to leave without being awkward?
Is it wrong for me to just want some results instead of excuses?
How do you offer compassion to someone who doesn’t seem to deserve it?
Does anyone still care about the reason or why stuff happens in modern times?
Why do people care about mass shootings but not other issues?
Are haters productive for society?
What are people's views on moral relativism? Is there no standard, overreaching good?
How can one stop being desperate for love and stop being hopeless about happiness?
Is literature ultimately just entertainment?
What would be the consequences if greed was completely eliminated from mankind?
Are there any objective traits in male or female individuals that would make one of them more desirable to build a new society?
When and how was panic disorder first discovered?
Why do people try to impress and spend time with someone when the other person is showing no interest at all? More information in the details.
My closest friend is constantly trying to put me down and insulting me because of jealousy. I can't just ignore or leave him. How can I deal with him?
Am I a bad person for not always helping other people whenever I have the chance to?
What does gay mean? Can a girl be gay because I’ve only heard this word used for boys?
How can I make sure that I'm socially healthy during tough times?
If you are allowed to watch 1 movie in your entire life what movie would you watch?
Why do you care about wisdom?
Becoming friend with your ex even if you know that she still loves you is it good or bad?
Is it wrong to be apathetic? Logically, what makes you not apathetic?
How would you predict when someone is more likely to change/renew its smartphone?
Where can I find online, accurate, and free spatial reasoning tests?
Did the Aurora shooter have Asperger's Syndrome?
Why is being reserved and introverted in the U.S so stigmatized compared to other developed countries?
Have I been betrayed due to my own way of reaching out by helping those who seemed isolated?
If I don't eat and drink at all and exercise on my treadmill for two hours a day, will I be bone showing skinny in six months?
How important is it for someone to get married or to attach themselves to a significant other at some point in their life?
How can I reward good behavior in a classroom?
Why don't I want to do anything in life?
How do I stop envying men who have success with women?
Is the Facebook addiction making us less outgoing or anti-social?
Is it normal for people to feel socially awkward at times?
How can I stop fearing any interaction with kids? How can I effectively communicate well with kids & teens without feeling/seeming creepy?
I only like guys who aren’t interested or don't know me. What sort of brief psychoanalysis could you make of that? What does that say about me?
What is it called when you don't care what people think of you or say about you at all?
What are my chances for getting a call from IIMs with 98.32%?
What are some specific social actions that increase oxytocin and does this measurably benefit us? If yes, how?
Would having an open and secure mentality towards sexuality and sex reduce crimes like rapes and sex assaults?
Do you think you pay attention to celebrities too much?
How is life to live with an introvert? Myself being an introvert.
Which one is better, bullying people of different country or religion or bullying your own people?
The guy I like told me he loved me while he was drunk. What does this mean?
Is there something wrong with me? Am I a high-functioning nut-job?
Why do people act violently?
Apart from Islam, why do women cover their heads in some cultures?
How do I make a girl who hates me fall in love with me?
Do you test people to see if they care about you, before doing something for them?
I have this fear that no one will measure up to my ex. How unrealistic is this fear?
I always don't have a lot to talk about and that makes me feel others don't like me. What's going on exactly with me?
Has any country other than India ever had Demonetization of their currency notes?
Why is herd mentality so common?
What are extroverted teenagers like when they are adults?
I am society's non-productive and malignant vagrant with no sense of integral direction, what good steps did you take when you used to be like me?
Is a person who wins formal debates and speeches, but doesn't like attending parties and informal conversations an introvert or Extrovert?
How can a socially awkward and un-confident person stand up for himself at work?
When men are grinning and their eyes light up when talking to a women, does that mean they are happy to talk to her or is there more to it?
What are the similarities in sociology and psychology?
Is there a term for the sudden feeling/vision of getting hit in the face by a fast moving object?
What is the way by which I can stop being an extrovert?
I can't forgive anyone who hurts my friends, even if I’m not friends with them anymore. What kind of person does that make me?
Are most of the Americans extroverts?
Psychologically speaking, why are fantasies and day dreams healthy within societies?
Should you believe that people apologize in their own way and you should accept it as that, instead of a flat out apology?
Why do some people have an inferiority complex but they are very good at it?
Should I say the truth when someone asks about my sister?
Were you socially awkward? If so, how do you cope with it?
How can I stop being socially awkward as a teen?
Is it considered weird/socially uncouth to go bowling alone?
If you don't crave sex, and you stay single forever, does it mean there is something wrong with you?
From a highly introverted person, I'm transforming into a very extroverted one. Will I miss my old self?
How can I get a girlfriend in England if I'm socially awkward?
Why do people care so much about productivity in their daily lives?
Is it good to be hardcore, as in a tit-for-tat kind of person?
Can you suggest a social norm that I can break?
Why are people condescending towards introverts?
How do you deal with being behind your peers after many years working?
What is so great about being an introvert?
How can we control social media?
How did you meet the love of your life and are you still together?
Why do humans need social interaction?
How do you live among fake people?
Is extrovert more likely to success in running a business than introvert?
How can I enliven the atmosphere when FaceTime with the opposite sex?
What is the psychology behind psychologists choosing the field of psychology?
Why are people so fake these days? Why are they so self-centred? They'll call you best friend when in need and forget the very next moment!
How effective is blackmail?
What do you understand about society?
Why do religious people care about only certain things but not other things in Bible?
Why are people judged by their past?
How can I deal with self-hatred, the wound of rejection, the feeling of Inadequacy, inferiority complex, and self-sabotage?
What does it mean if a person talks too much about someone?
What factors keeps the people united?
Why are children cared more about than adults?
Is it possible for girls to like socially awkward guys?
Why are Indians so obsessed with astrology?
What causes a 5 year old child to wake up in the morning in a cranky, disrespectful, uncooperative and authoritarian mood almost every day?
Why is the new iPhone 7 protected against water?
Will losing weight make me fit in better and less of a center of attention?
What is the best way to develop a strong social network?
Which personality traits help children succeed in life and which hold them back?
How do I not lose faith in kindness when everyone around me is so cruel?
Why do people care about what other people wear?
Have you ever met two people who seemed perfect for each other?
What makes someone selfish?
Why do iPhone users now have a tele-camera?
Is it normal to imagine killing someone when you are angry?
How can I connect deeper with people, make friends and also be a better friend?
Why do people take advantage of a Quiet Person?
What makes people care so much about strangers having abortions?
Do campus placement people care about grades?
How old is your youngest and your oldest friend you regularly talk to?
What are some other things that we should care about other than career, family and health?
Do liberal arts students have easier and better social lives than science students?
Do you think a certain glowering malevolence is not avoided or seen as a low standard in principle but distributed by subjective sympathies?
Has the sense of community declined in America?
What are some of the best anecdotes that you have used to help your clients during therapy?
Can someone clearly explain Pseudocertainty Effect in psychology and how we can make use of it in social situations?
Could anyone provide a list of examples of escapism?
I am an introvert who is in its early 20's(boy) and seems that life is boring and how I can change into an extrovert?
Why do people care about other countries? We shouldn't feel bad for our enemies.
How can I hang out with Bill Gates?
How do I improve my relationship with everyone if I am an introvert? What measures and practices are taken by introverts to make a mark on other people?
Life is so simple. Why do people seem so confused? Why are they trying to find meaning, and even experiencing existential crisis?
If you're interested in a woman, should you just start out as friends?
How do you manage a team of introverts and extroverts?
From a psychology standpoint, do people really not care about facts?
Would racism be reduced if people cared more about race?
How do I fit in?
I'm 20 and I don't have any hobbies, when did you discover yours?
What political leanings would each of the MBTI types have?
I literally spend my day thinking about other people's lives and how happy they are. Should I keep thinking this way?
What is the best way to manage the hedonic treadmill?
Are people unable of sound, good argument able to essentially attack others for suspicion of the same weasely techniques and get others on their side?
What are the root reason(s) of why people care of what others think of them?
My dad is acting very passive aggressive and on edge to anyone in our family who annoys him. What should we do?
How do I help a person who is having a cultural shock?
Why is the world full of shitty people?
Why do people think they are just an introvert or just an extrovert? Aren't people in many ways both?
Is free will real in this world where every action of everyone is guided by some or the other constraint, (social, psychological or otherwise)?
Where is the place where I can shout all my sorrows and cry so much?
What are the social dynamics?
On which theory(IES) is the nordic (or Swedish, or Scandinavian) welfare model based?
Does expectation influences bonding among people?
Is listening the best skill to have?
Why humanity has invented filthy language, but now trying to avoid it?
What can I do if some one keep harassing me over phone using multiple numbers?
Why don't people seem interested in talking to me?
What do you call someone that constantly changes his friends/companions?
How do you stay happy as you withdraw from people?
Is it ever Ok to blame yourself for being bullied?
Are there some people who just call themselves as introverts to get attention?
What is a libtard?
Is bullying foolish?
Is division and conflict between people rooted in the creation of divisive groups?
How do I live the best life possible?
Why do rapists rape? What drives a person to do such vile act?
How do I give off a friendly vibe instead of a sexual/lover vibe as a gay person?
is it better to be right or to blend/fit in?
Why don’t homeless people work?
How do I break up with my parent?
Why are my unexperienced classmates able to record videos in a resolution of 2160p?
What are the most effective ways of combating bigotry and prejudice?
When will Quora most likely throw exhibition gatherings of members/Top Writers?
Which is scoring: psychology or sociology?
Why is my brain not motivated by hedonistic things like a normal human?
Could a society exists where no has to work and everyone is rich? (thanks to technology like robots)
When I see a bug in my apartment I feel a predatory instinct to kill it. What are some theories as to why this is the case? Is the reaction universal?
Why shouldn't I waste time on girls, and concentrate on porn?
Is voice calling considered intrusive?
How might a person stop feeling sorry for innocent victims?
Which countries have a legal structure for cohabitation?
What's worse? People being completely indifferent to you or people hating you for your opinions?
What kinds of personality issues are at hand when someone says "I knew it was going to blow up in my face"?
What does the practice of fagging in England say about English culture?
Why do I have such poor verbal/communication skills? Is there a way to improve them?
Should people care what someone personally finds "offensive?"
Can people look like they have down syndrome, but they don't?
Should I start drinking occasionally by changing my beliefs and the person that I am?
How do I learn social Dynamics?
What does social psychology impart to us?
How do I get to be the most chill guy ever?
Which MBTI personality type gains the most popularity on Quora?
Is there any axiomatic model for the games people play in human relationship?
Would you continue to turn the dial in the Milgram experiment? If so why?
Why are extroverts so insecure?
If you are in a group and you find someone not mingling, would you let that person mind his/her own business or do something else?
What books do you recomend to start studying about psychology and sociology?
Who did the experiment that showed that people who able to change their mind about a painting were less satisfied than the people who were able to?
What do you think of fraternities/sororities?
Why are people told to study the arts when they don't know what they want in life?
What does forever alone mean?
Why do the people about whom I care so much, sometimes doesn't care at all about me?
Does the presence of too many intelligent persons in a place hinders their progress?
My good friend was pronounced dead today and my immediate reaction was a laugh. What does this suggest?
What is the relationship of psychology, anthropology, and sociology to education?
Why would someone only watch violent movies?
Why do I have such a hate and fear for people/strangers?
How do you define the word "populism" in light of contemporary events?
Is not caring about what others think or feel a good thing?
Do people that use Quora have difficulty expressing themselves in person?
Why do children play?
Why do we never cherish the things we do have in our life and always spoil them by going for things that we dont have?
Do you find the tweets of the United Nations during holiday season offensive?
How does social isolation affect elderly people?
How has your frequently moving homes/geographic locations as a child affected your life?
Why is making friends among locals in countries such as Norway, Netherlands or Finland so difficult for an American?
What psychological characteristics are distinct with porn actors/actresses and what factors generally influence their lifestyle?
Do you hide anything about yourself? Why?
Why are smartphones good for youngsters?
How should I deal with a passive-aggressive friend?
Why is there such a discriminatory attitude towards slow learners by quick learners and even at times by society in general?
Why are so many humans against BIG changes, even when it is quite clear they will be beneficial to society?
Are people real?
Who benefits from groupthink?
Is socialisation simply a state of flow?
How can a guy with absolutely no bartending/waiter experience get hired & quickly be great at the job? How can I consistently make great tips?
Why do the people I care about hurt me so much?
What if we as a society become desensitised to beauty?
What is the most suitable punishment for someone who fools with the hearts of others?
Why, when looking down on someone for not meeting their standards of dress, do they say they "could have made an effort"?
How ok is it to be thinking about those who don't care a bit about you?
Why do some children show more gender typical behaviour than others?
What are the negative aspects of certain cultures that stress the avoidance of hurting someone's feelings?
What has turned nudity into a taboo?
Is psychiatry a front for capitalism?
What psychological issues are there when a person feels great fear that his parents will divorce?
Why is drinking alcohol alone frowned upon?
How can I naturally be funny and charismatic around people without coming across as awkward/forced?
What are common personality types of Russians?
How do I know if I'm sick or just lazy?
How do I know if I'm a shy extrovert?
What are some basic human traits and their positive and negative attributes?
What about you made/makes you a misfit?
Aside from social anxiety and introversion, why do some teenagers not have friends?
Do muslims living in the West have a tendency to machismo?
Why are there so many men who choose their jobs over families?
Why would a five year old child say that he wants to die?
Would it be socially acceptable to not tip in the US?
What determines the age of sexual consent? What's the most logical method? Some countries have outrageously insane low ages such as Nigeria (11 years old).
Which type of people prefer answering questions on Quora more than asking questions? And vice versa?
Why do extroverts feel as they do when they rarely socialize?
I have social anxiety. I'm terrified of facing my fears (people) and being in public alone. How can I muster the courage to face my fears?
Is it possible to live your life thinking you were an introvert but turn out to be an extrovert or vice versa?
How is possible to disconnect from everybody socially without feeling guilty for doing so?
How can I respect my father as my employer?
Is there a reasonable limit to how far out of one's “echo chamber” one needs to reach?
Is it safe to assume that there is a hidden hypocrite in every person?
Why do introvert people ignore text messages from people they care about sometimes?
Why are so many people so anti sex?
If someone was raised in the exact same circumstances as another, would they make the same decisions?
What is the broad (minimum length) classifications of human psychology? And how they can be identifiable observing behavior?
When is it unfair to "read" someone based on their body language, tone, and/or expression?
What would you do as a girl if your former boyfriend threatens to kill or injure your current boyfriend because of jealousy?
What's the difference between descriptive and prescriptive stereotype?
I talk and I'm really good at it. I can get the most introverted of introverts to feel comfortable and open up. How can I capitalise on this?
Why do many people feel that racial/religious diversity is something a country needs? Are these types of diversity beneficial? Why?
Some rumours going around that, even though Steve Jobs was very inspiring, he was a mean person. Whats your take on that?
Is having an inferiority complex inferior to not having one?
Why especially in India it becomes mandatory (or convenient) to take a side? Why can't we give neutral opinion?
What is social disintegration?
Do you care about other people?
If someone asked an absolutely, socially unacceptable question in front of a crowd or audience, how would the crowd probably respond?
How much is protesting driven by right of passage bandwagons vs. return on personal investment?
In a future of sharing and "eco-awareness", how will rich people display their wealth?
What are some jobs for socially awkward people?
Why do I force myself to read my whole feed?
Is it okay to send my supervisor a message wishing her a good holiday?
What are the elements of self in social psychology?
Which are some of the disadvantages of verbal communication?
Why is being passive aggressive seen as negative, bad and fake?
Why are so many Canadians passive aggressive?
How can the social exchange theory in psychology be explained?
Why do people judge others who are often alone?
Why are the people around us so negative?
How would people react if it were proven that anyone can be attracted to the same sex?
How do you casually decline an offer to something that you think you would enjoy doing?
How do I determine people's ideology, socially and religiously?
Is it possible to be self absorbed but still care about others?
Can you tell if someone loves someone just by the look they give them?
Is being introvert for men and extrovert for women wrong?
Why do people care about hypocrisy?
Why do I struggle so much with social interaction?
If someone is 75% European, 15% Native American, 8% West African and 2% North African - Would you consider them white or mixed?
How can I make sure my ratio is stronger than my (unrealistic) emotional responses to situations? This is impacting my life very negatively.
Do people care about originality anymore?
Why does social interaction seem so effortless to everyone I see but me?
Why do people claim that all Asians look alike but they never claim the same about Africans (of certain parts)?
Security updates piss me off badly. Do you have any advice?
Why do girls always say they're busy when you ask them out on Tinder?
What skill comes easily to you while extremely hard for others?
Why would someone play the victim if they're the ones attacking and insulting you while you literally remain patient and ignore them the majority of the time?
Is it bad to be satisfied by Internet socialisation alone?
What would happen if you put some people in a closed room and tell them only the last survivor will leave?
I always feel that somebody is going to harm me. How can I stop this feeling and concentrate on studies?
Why we care more about Malala as compared to our own people,like Razia?
How can I worry less about others thoughts?
What can be said of a person who joins a social group, then leaves, rejoins, then leaves again?
Why is having grown up without a father figure such a commonality among criminals?
How have you successfully handled a passive aggressive co-worker or acquaintance?
What does it feel like to think too much?
Why do some people have inferiority complex?
Are people losing interest in reading and writing poems nowadays? Why?
Why do many countries let a fourteen year old child, who is ineligible to vote, choose to give birth?
Does being "thick skinned" mean not having dignity?
Why do people only talk about black slavery and little about Ancient Romans enslaving whites, Muslims as slaves, etc.?
What are some tips to use your mind better in conversations?
Why do people not care about war or donations?
What makes cars attractive?
Does shared bitterness help relationships last?
Why is it that a passive aggressive individual are so quick to play the victim role?
What are the types of isolation?
What are some differences between social psychology and evolutionary psychology?
How do you answer the question "how are you?"?
What does it tell you about a person if they have thousands of Quora Answers, but zero Quora Questions?
The woman I am dating is attractive, kind, and well off. I am afraid to take it further because I feel like I cant compete. How should I look at this?
Can social awkwardness be influenced by someone who socially awkward too?
Why can't I deal with other's (e.g. classmates) having a smartphone equal or superior to mine?
What does it mean when I can read other's emotions but I don't actually care about them?
What do you do when someone annoys you?
Is there a single word to describe a relationship between two parties built solely on the mutual hate or distrust of a common third party?
How do highly sensitive men, with keen eyes, express themselves socially?
How did you feel when one of your parents came out of the closet? Or how did you feel as a parent coming out to your children?
What should be the parameters to rate a person?
When you are in a loving relationship and wish to maintain intellectual excitement, what sorts of topics and questions are smart to discuss together?
Why does one participate in one-upmanship?
How can I ask multiple questions in one conversation?
Do straight men watch (or at least curious to watch) gay porn?
When should you care what others think of you?
Is it a good thing to give money to my irresponsible sister every time she claims she's in need?
What should everybody know?
Could it be a sign of a lack of self-respect when a man double-barrels his surname with his wife's (e.g Smith-Weston)?
What is distributive justice in the workplace?
What characteristics makes someone bullyproof?
What is the relevance of social psychology?
Why can't I stand other pupils of my school class to have better smartphones with better cameras ?
Why would a woman get more attention from men when wearing a suit?
Why should I offer my seat to a pregnant woman?
Is it favoritism for my mother to place more pictures around the house of her grandson than of her stepgrandson?
Is vulnerability to be honored?
Are people more or less likely to engage in pro-social behaviors when it is anonymous?
Why do we worry about things that people don't care about?
How do you quickly assess someone's desires?
What makes someone ask about someone else when they have already spoken to them?
Does opportunism and classism go hand in hand?
What is your definition of weirdness, in other words when you would call somebody weird?
How can I care more about people that care about me?
Do you think acronyms in texts come across as passive aggressive?
How can I erase memories out of some bodies head?
Why do poetic or emotional answers get more upvotes than the logical ones?
How can I master body language reading and persuasion?
Am I a bad person? Should I be ashamed if my grandma let me stay at her house because I was homeless but then defend myself when she treats me badly?
Why do some people think that war and unnecessary violence would solve a conflict?
Is it true that a child’s physical health is influenced by the love between the child’s parents?
How can I avoid the bystander effect?
Why do people judge other people?
How can I be more fun and engaging at social events?
Why do people care about being socially superior?
How much and in what ways does social conditioning affect the libido of women?
What is it called when people think the worst of others?
Why some people are more social?
Why are you good at reading people?
What causes bullying to happen?
Is it something international to care about what people around you think about you?
Why do I feel uncomfortable while talking with non-Asians?
Why is calling dog to someone considered abuse but calling lion to someone is not?
If you want to start a new life away from your abusive family. Where do you go: Europe, US, AU?
Does fashion allow people to express their individuality or does it force people to conform to be fashion?
I'm not at all interested in fashion and clothing. Is it normal?
How do you keep a united front against a 5 year old child with two authority figures, one who is strict and one who is permissive?
Are people born pansexual and only become "more specific" due to their social environment, media, etc.?
Can a person completely lose their personality and only be able to act out one of many possible personalities?
How do people make decisions?
What would you do if you liked your sister's friend?
What criteria (if there is one) do you use to judge whether somebody is smart or not?
What can we share with others and what can't we?
What was origin of cleopatra complex?
How can I stop doubting myself for an upcoming contest?
Why is it not socially acceptable to wear a smog protection mask in some countries?
What makes someone an Indian?
What do you do when you have a crush on your best friend's brother?
Why do some men choose to marry women who do not bring much to the table apart from their looks?
I can't make deep connections with people and many of them don't remember me. Is it a lack of confidence?
Do students who go to single-sex schools become socially awkward later in life?
How can an introvert make a speech while fully optimizing their qualities specific to introversion?
How can we fight greed in modern society?
What would be one book to recommend to someone who loves social psychology, anthropology and sociology?
What mental disorder can cause emotional numbness?
Why are self-righteous people so annoying?
Is there any explanation for someone contacting right after thinking of them?
Is it ok to ask out my friend’s cousin? She’s a hot girl.
If men are aroused by sexy dress, are women ready to help them from getting distracted by wearing nice ones ?
How do I deal with those extremely pessimistic people who say - India can never improve?
How do I avoid someone annoying at school?
What do guys think of a smart, cute girl who is bad at social interaction and appears to be awkward?
What are the problems arise by hiding real behavior?
There definitely comes a point in life when one realizes which characteristics one inherited from which parent. Is this maturity or what?
What can a person say/do that would make you wish to talk to/see them again?
Should modern society be criticized for being materialistic?
What is the trend behind a blind selfie?
How do you overcome ethnic or religious bias and have a successful dating life?
What would you think if your best friend liked your brother?
Why do I keep talking to myself, creating hypothetical scenarios in my head? How do I stop doing that?
How do I stop overanalyzing social interactions?
How can I make people know I care for them at the moment?
Do you find that intelligent, beautiful people, are more scorned than admired?
Is it bad to be a perfectionist, an existentialist, an extroverted introvert, and a highly sensitive person all at the same time?
Why do we sometimes get attached to people who treat us badly?
What does fist fighting say about us as the human species?
Was smelling more socially acceptable some decades ago?
Is democracy a weaker’s/looser's option?
What are the subjects where the bandwagon effect doesn’t work or have an effect?
How are schools handling bullying?
If I go to a club with people older than me (thirties), will they not check my ID?
Why is wider gaps in suicide rates as function of gender is overlooked?
Why do people care less about their friends than their current partners?
I'm socially awkward and I feel socially rejected from my peers. What can I do to improve my social life?
My friend says he can't imagine his own face, but can imagine near strangers'. Why is this?
Is moden technology ruining human social interaction?
Is it okay to be a femboy, and is being one socially unacceptable?
Are most women sexually repressed?
How do you deal with passive aggressive people and those who are trying to tear you down?
Why did the stormtroopers care about hiding the fact that they killed the Jawas?
Why do people claim to be Navy SEAL's when they are not (Stolen Valor)?
How can I become influential?
How much does "social construct" influence our behavior?
What is the best way to deal with a passive aggressive mother in law?
What has Facebook taught us or revealed about humanity since its inception?
How do you learn to love pressure?
What would be a good title for an (adult-oriented) cartoon about a socially awkward man?
Would joining Toastmasters help an introvert?
Should I ask my best friend's brother out?
Why did my curiosity for the same gender only start to come about at such a late age?
Can sexual underperformance cause touchiness?
I told a 10 year old boy to "fuck off" as I noticed he was literally taking my phone out of my pocket. Does this make me a bad person?
I'm always terrified of posting on my Facebook status. What does that mean?
What kind of things a person with a high level of psychology knowledge is able to do on a daily basis?
Why do I burn all the bridges between a person I used to know?
What are the most effective life hacks?
This guy told me he cheated on his girlfriend of 4 years, broke up a few months ago and got back recently and cheated again. What is wrong with him?
What do you think about the fact that I rarely think about school when I'm not in school?
Is social dominance real?
What can I do in order to become a sophisticated woman?
Do higher functioning psychopaths read other's emotional cues better and handle social relationship better than the lower functioning ones?
Are there some recent examples where a society was shamed into changing its values and collective behavior?
How do you lie effectively?
Is being a furry socially unacceptable?
Are ethics and morality perceived differently between the average person in China and America?
What are some arguments against those who claim that the racial differences in IQ come from racial instead of cultural and environmental factors?
How can an introvert and extrovert personality be described?
If everyone was equal financially, would status monetary status symbols lose all their value?
Why do people care so much about transgender bathrooms?
What does Scientology scripture mean by "Families are not good groups; they’re bad groups”?
Why do so many people not care about others?
Why are most academics not very friendly?
How do you show love and kindness to your enemies and people who show disliking to you?
If the grass is greener on the other side is that a good thing?
Why am I such a bitter, twisted old hag?
Why are people not careful with their phones?
Why do I pretend to be mean?
What is social loafing and how can it be avoided?
Why do Liberals care so much about other people's feelings?
Is there someone you find interesting without having ever spoken to them? What is so appealing about them?
What are the main differences between antisocial personality disorder and Schizoid Personality Disorder?
What is the best thing to do when friends ignore you because of inheritance?
Someone I know collapsed and is unconscious, before this I disliked her, is that why I have no empathy for her?
What is the mentality where as people hate or dislike things until they themselves need them?
How can I stop craving male attention?
What is a zero sum view?
What are some reasons I should stay alive?
Why do empathic people think that everyone thinks like them?
If Lord Krishna takes birth in India in this age, what could his life look like?
Why is physical beauty so important in today's society?
How do you not sweat the small stuff?
Why would my guy friend say he prefers to use messages to text me instead of WhatsApp?
Is having a deep conversation with any woman the key to getting her to fall in love with you?
Why doesn’t my 5-year-old stepson want me to teach my 10-month-old son a language that my stepson can’t speak?
How can I help my sister who is depressed due to her broken marriage?
Why do we respect people who create things?
What do millennials think about Simon Sinek's video about millennials in the workplace?
What are the elements of a wonderful and successful online persona?
Do horror movies make person pervert?
How would the concept of family change?
Does social status largely affect whether confidence goes up or down with age?
How effective is psychological first aid to people affected by traumatic situations?
What boss or colleague irritates you the most?
Why do some people think it's impossible for white people to face racism and discrimination?
Do misanthropic topics attract more traffic or audience in internet?
What makes being stubbornly loyal a character flaw?
Why don't Indian people care more about the environment in their country?
Can an empath become a sociopath?
Can we stay put and relax to let nature sort things out for us in our society?
Do Europeans have double standards?
Is there a biological reason why men should always be blamed for unsatisfactory sex or is it purely a product of sexist mindset?
Why does he constantly come up in my thoughts? What should I do to stop hoping?
What are some examples of situations where the majority of people in a nation were found to be completely wrong about something?
Do people care about their health?
What should one do to let others think about you positively?
Would a 49 year old man be considered an older man?
I have many awesome face selfies stored in my phone. I can't decide what to do with them. Should I post them on social media or keep them in phone?
What are possible career opportunities for someone with a Master's in Social psychology?
What are the best articles or essays on psychology/humans/human nature?
Why do people accept biological differences between sexes but deny biological differences between races?
How do people change from lovers to strangers?
Why do Indians love helping foreigners? Is there any psychology behind it?
Is there a scientific method for falling out of love, or breaking a psychological or physical attachment to someone?
How do I understand others' body language?
Are vast sweeping social changes in the U.S. not going to happen quickly until it starts affecting whites and/or the upper class?
What are some ways to become more well versed in today's political and social events?
Why do people see someone who is kind & generous by nature as someone who is weak, easy to manipulate and take advantage of?
Why am I so bad at doing "fun" things?
What can be the psychological effects of body shaming?
Why do some people struggle with small talk?
Why do people judge others for going after what they want just because it goes against what other people want?
What are some good arguments against bullying?
Why are people inherently bad?
How can sharing a bad feeling help us?
My friends made a Facebook chat group and didn't add me, how do I stop letting it bother me?
Why do pretty people get treated differently?
Is it normal to not explain your feelings and reactions unless prompted?
How do I increase my social interaction?
Is it wrong to make a recommendation to someone for something that can help them?
Why is sperm donation looked upon as a socially unacceptable, cheap task?
Why are people with authenticity, conscience, kindness and selflessness (traits highly prized by society) easy targets for manipulators?
What are the damaging effects of loneliness in childhood and adolescence?
What are the insecurity detecting algorithms? How much of these insecurity algorithms are implemented in Facebook and WhatsApp yet?
I am an introvert. How can one be comfortable with that when the whole world keeps saying you should be an extrovert to be likeable?
What are some ways to spot a homeschooler?
Why would a child scream frequently on a regular basis out of the blue?
What is your favorite way to manipulate people?
Why are some girls very promiscuous?
Is it better to project confidence or be genuine about your shortcomings when interacting with others?
What is the displacement of responsibility in social psychology?
Why is it so hard for me to forget about someone who hurt me really bad and is now ignoring me?
My family keeps asking why I'm mad, but the reason why I'm mad is because they won't stop asking why I'm mad. How do I get them to stop?
What is the psychology behind Trump using Twitter to vent his emotions?
Has society always had insecure girls?
What is more addictive than heroine?
How can I become comfortable with interacting publicly online on Twitter?
How can I stop feeling like people don't actually care what I have to say?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex developed due to being an overweight little girl in the past?
What psychological response does the so-called Seduction Community hope to achieve in their targets with the practice of "negging"?
What are some things I can say or do to make myself seem smart?
Why doesn’t my wife want me to teach my 10 month old son a language that my wife can't speak?
How do you determine someone's levels of affective (emotional) empathy?
What social skills do Millennials lack or need to improve on?
What is cognitive hypocrisy? What type of cognitive bias causes hypocrisy in a person?
My boyfriend often gets invited to social events by a group of people of the organisation we are both volunteering for, I get not. What can I do?
Why is it socially unacceptable to drink alcohol in the morning?
Why do good leaders end up abusing their powers in high positions?
Why do people value recognition and praise so much?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
Are more Muslim youths in Kosovo becoming more religious?
What was the study in the early 2010s which suggested that many social psychology studies were over reliant on samples of students in major cities?
What is one original thought that you have had that could change the world or even just the life of another but that you've never spoke or shared?
Can a contempt application be returned?
Why us human justify our behavior using primitive instincts?
Why won't my parents let me run harmless psychological studies on them?
Why do people treat you good when you are rude to them and treat you nasty when you are nice?
What do you do when people don't care?
How is the sense of obligation and duty used to manipulate people?
How does it feel like to be a single mother?
Who gives better advice, old people or smart people?
Why do people make such a big deal out of the advent of a New Year?
I work at a cafe where 90% of the customers are elderly. What is an appropriate way to respond if one comments negatively on my tattoos?
Recently traveled to America (LA) for business. Why do strangers there look at me and smile or compliment me?
How much did Buddha care about the opinion of others in search for truth and enlightenment?
Is it possible to ignore your own emotions for a good reason, and if so, how?
Does a kid that talks in a overbearing voice look cute at 5 years old yet when an older person is overbearing is it not cute anymore?
When I'm asking questions to a girl, they are just giving the simple answer and without giving any questions in return, what could the reason be?
How can one incorporate emerging markets prices with G7 markets as a global macro trader?
Most people want to stay in the favor of an (apparently) powerful/influential person, irrespective of the role in terms of positive or negative. Why?
How do I not care about what others might say?
Is it normal that I don't care what people think of me at all?
Is there any place where people really care about each other?
In today's society do people genuinely care about others or more about themselves?
What is the root and cultural significance of a roast?
Why do people care so much about Syria war?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
Is it wrong to look for financial status of a marriage partner not just for money but for background, values, mentality & mannerisms?
What should I do if I can't stop stuttering?
Is it altruism when the current me makes a sacrifice for the benefit of the future me?
As a critical thinker, do you have many friends, and how are/were your family relations?
Why do I want to approach people to confront them about something but then I change the subject?
How can the performance of introverts and extroverts differ in sports?
What is the relationship between climate and psychology?
What is the best way to describe experiences?
If Santa Claus was real, would people treat each other better?
What should one do if someone is creating unnecessary trouble, such as throwing waste at my doorstep or puncturing my car tyres?
What’s the best way to remain kind and well-tempered when dealing with difficult family members?
If a woman wants to marry a rich guy, does it necessarily mean she is always a golddigger?
What if any studies have been done in regards to violence towards men from female’s that is progressively occurring more and more in film and TV?
How much do you care about people's opinions on you, on a scale 1 to 10?
Would you rather be yourself and nobody likes you or not be yourself and everybody likes you?
How do I communicate with a social awkward individual as well as assisting the individual to be more socially acceptable?
I was trying to help my mother, she misunderstood me and thought I was critisizing her, she get so mad and threatened me. What would make her do that?
Why can't parents think sexually about their grownup children and why is it wrong if they do?
Do people have more of a tendency to engage in illegal behavior if they are part of a group?
Why do some people want a leader who is a peer, “like them" enough to be a drinking buddy, rather than one who is better, smarter, more skilled, etc?
Is it so hard to see positivity in every people?
How can I identify with the ethnicity of my adopted family and my ancestral ethnicity?
How can I gain confidence in my appearance?
Why do Indian girls overuse the word love when they also don't care about it much?
What is the psychology of perception?
What are some tips for dealing with people who unintentionally bring out the worst in you?
Why don't older people care about killing fun?
Do you hate cowards?
Am I selfish for saying no to social gatherings?
Has your partner ever said they wanted a new partner openly?
To what extent do you care about what someone thinks of you?
What is the least socially accepted pain?
I've got anxiety and I can't stop worrying and over analysing situations. how do I stop panicking about tiny things?
Is it possible to have an aggressive personality and be socially liberal?
What are some more subtle power positions?
Is passive-aggressive behaviour akin to bullying?
Why is society money oriented?
When did you realize that you no longer fit in with a certain group or crowd?
What are your favorite internet communities that have made an impact in your life?
Why do people who complain a lot usually get what they want?
Psychologically, is it possible that I picked a mate who resembles my brother in order to fix the relationship between us?
Is it always bad to be passive aggressive?
What are some telltale signs of an authentic and compassionate person vs. a person who is faking kindness?
As an introvert, have you ever had to make an effort to be more extraverted for the people you care about? What was that like? Was it worth it?
How can a psychopath extend their acceptance into others 'tribes' before they're kicked out for not actually caring about others?
Why are the people becoming divided on social media according to class, religion, colour, etc.?
How important is a hug?
Do apps like Snapchat create narcissists?
What are the social and psychological effects on people living in a country with royals?
Why women are underrated in business or in politics?
How do we spot selfish (Specially miser) people at the first meeting?
Should a person cover up all their flaws and make themselves look perfect?
Is it bad to be socially isolated?
Have there been any researches that proved or disproved following statement regarding convincing people to believe certain things?
What life advice would you give to a 17-year old?
What do you do if someone does not like you?
How does one put aside one’s ego for the comfort of a relationship?
Is it a type of OCD if you cannot refuse to answer someone's question that you feel uncomfortable answering?
What does learning & mastering a language (apart from first/second) show? Why is it a mark of leadership? How is it important to win the trust of the people?
Are relationships about giving and taking?
What will be the advice if you have to advise yourself now?
How can I feel comfortable talking to new people?
Why doesn’t a person give importance when we care about them?
How does a person stop being so naive and believing what everyone says (gullible)?
What does “no eye contact post-relationship” mean?
Do you feel beautiful today?
Is it okay to look at people with a critical eye?
How can I practice mindfulness without meditation?
What is one problem affecting a large group of people that could be solved within one week, only through organizing via the Internet?
How would a person act if they were never validated, but only either corrected or ignored?
Who is a philanthrophist?
As a Muslim woman in Canada, how do I overcome stereotype threat?
Do best friends of opposite genders share sexual fantasies, deep secrets, cuddle and drive an hour to see one another?
What things/habits one should avoid at age of 18 onwards?
Is it abnormal that I don't care about other people?
What are some early signs of a physical and/or an emotional abuser to watch out for?
Why do we care about people in need?
What are the negative effects of bullying?
How do you learn to become comfortable in your own skin so to speak?
How does someone become a master of 'social dynamics'?
How can I be an interesting person that people love and enjoy talking to?
Can anyone admit that their partner who was hurt in a previous relationship is jaded, angry and controlling with you as a result of that?
Is it right to not care about other people and just try to be happy?
Concerning online presence, what are the motivations that make someone wants to share personal details about their lives ?
Are unintelligent people more susceptible to social pressure?
What is the secret to having an amazing social life?
Why do some people turn into savages and become aggressive and irrational when they are confronted with things they don't like?
Have you ever fallen out of love, and then back in love with your partner?
Are "regular" people or socially awkward people more better off in life?
If someone were to give you a billion dollars on an agreement that you build a weapon that could cause a massive genocide, would you do it?
Can you arrest people's attention for extended periods by fast acting and fast talking?
What are some scary facts about crowds of people?
Why do people look down on those in economical distress? This can be homelessness or just unemployment.
After 3 weeks on my antidepressant, some days I'm happy and social and others I am sad and antisocial. Why does my mood keep shifting every day?
Why do my friends always go on about me being rich (even though I never and get uncomfortable talking about it)?
Why are millennial women so passive aggressive?
What are the things that interest you in a man and a relationship?
What is important in life?
Does anyone follow a structured thought pattern to be more aware and confident during social interactions?
If I had to learn everything about social interactions while growing up, what does it tell about me or the way my mind works? (and good with pattern)
How do I overcome inferiority complex of having less knowledge about weak subject?
I feel that I don't care about refugees, bombing and shooting victims and generaly don't care about people I don't know. Am I okay?
Are Muslims in Kosovo becoming more religious?
Why are some short people so mean to tall people?
In India, why do people care about marks more than skills and knowledge?
How can I bring out the kid in me whenever I want?
Will I be beaten, if I hit a cow on Indian streets?
Is it possible to see past your privilege and actually care about minorites?
What are the fundamentals of Stoicism and how does it affect social interaction?
Why are some people attracted to people who don't care about their well being at all, while pushing away the ones who would actually heal them?
How do I excel in social conditions?
What's the most passive aggressive thing you have ever done in your life?
Why do we have financial but not social credit agencies?
Can self-awareness lead to a person becoming less empathetic towards the mundane events in everyday life?
How many friends should a man of 30 have?
What are ways we could apply what we know about the fundamental attribution error to provide a better memorable customer experience?
How does Asperger's syndrome effect social acceptability?
Why people judge one for being. an introvert?
How could we define collective intelligence?
If I can scientifically prove that gayness is a psychiatric disorder, will I be awarded the Nobel Prize?
Is it more acceptable to bottle things up instead of whining?
How do you manage to be your best self when you have an authoritarian mother?
Why do people regularly choose to spend £5 on burgers rather than nutritious meals for the same price?
Is it fun to lie?
Should I keep pursuing her?
How should you introduce yourself in a way that'll make people care who you are?
Are all good deeds inherently selfish?
Is there a name for this phenomenon?
What are some useful things to be aware of when it comes to corporate politics in today's day and age?
My partner is not an affectionate man but is overly affectionate only while we are asleep. Why?
Are there any socially awkward models?
What is the best way to learn social sensitivity and self awareness?
What have you learned in 2016?
Why do people always stare at my face?
Is it possible to get a PhD in Social psychology or sociology as a designer?
Why do you think you care about others?
Why are people savages?
I try to avoid the knowns on my way and feel comfortable among unknowns as I like not to chat directly. Should I consult a psychiatrist?
Is the person who sexually assaulted you actually wrong? Is sexual assault always wrong? Why do I have such conflicting feelings about sexual assault?
Is it ok to talk to strangers in your country?
What are the differences between the nature of a poet’s observation and that of a scientist’s observation?
My girlfriend reckons there is nothing more sad than an older greying balding man sporting a ponytail and it is not attractive? What do others think?
If I am naturally socially chameleonic, how can I assert my own personality over the adapting shell?
How do I get accepted by members of a social group?
How do you not let a breakup affect your ego?
What is the best way to pick up girls through social media?
How important is it to realize your view is uncommon or the minority on an issue?
How do I stop being childish and immature?
Why do we feel like even though people care about Snowden they don't care that much about him?
Why do American citizens place so much importance on looking happy?
What resources and activities do you recommend to learn to “creatively” exploring patterns?
Is there any reliable sources dealing with the notion that what you don’t like about others is what you don’t like about yourself?
Why have you resented society?
How do I impress 2-3 of my old college friends who I'm meeting tomorrow for beer after 3 years?
Where can I find psychology research about theories of how people think about/during creative work?
How do you know if you are viewed as least prioritized?
Is the future worse than today?
Will Facebook one day control our lives?
If social manipulation might have led to the US electing Trump, should we also question the results of down ticket races?
Do people care about what is going on around them?
How can I be an unfeeling person?
What are the best ways to deal with Social Engineer, Manipulative, Seductive, Narcissistic personality?
Is family a Universal Social group?
What are the impacts of radicalisation?
How can you tell if you are more intellectual than your peers?
Can sharing similar feelings reduce stress?
Why don't people care about asbestos exposure?
Do people tend to be more humane when Christmas comes? Why?
I am 33. How do I develop deep friendships?
What Awdhesh Singh had given back to the society?
Why do a lot of people want things they are offended by taken down or erased?
What would happen if there were no social rules?
Is it normal for people to ask why you're sweating?
What are some interesting psychological phenomena?
How does the culture in North and South Sudan differ?
What is the best way to unit separated groups of people?
Why is it sometimes hard to accept oneself or other people as they are?
What if you are an introvert and you are forced to attend social gatherings?
Why do people feel lonely even when married?
Why is acute appendicitis often seen in individual of high social status?
Why is my emotional thought process so black and white in relationships?
I just said something bad about my teacher, and didn't realise that he was just behind me. What should I do now?
What is the social status of black people in Japan?
Which takes precedence need or ambition?
How do I not care about what others think or talk about me?
How did you feel about police work and policemen and women before you yourself became a police officer?
Is it unhealthy to focus on how I want to be perceived?
Should I feel uncomfortable when my dad slaps my bum?
What is the difference between Criminology and Criminal psychology?
How long will it take for us to become "civilised"?
Is demonetization a public rape by Modi?
What is the difference between Sociology and Social Psychology?
Was the protagonist in Sling Blade a sociopath?
Is masculinity dead?
Socially speaking: is it easier to be dumb or smart?
Why are most dogs completely disinterested in the magic of television?
Is it an offense to say to someone don't be stupid?
How do you know if you have nothing in common with a certain social group or group of friends?
How can I explain the psychology of introverts to my obnoxious brother?
Why do many people get annoyed with conformity?
What should I learn to be able to support depressed and suicidal people in my circles?
Why is it OK for my girlfriend to criticize my flaws but if I comment or criticize her flaws I'm the bad guy?
Should I double major in psychology and sociology because of class overlap?
Can I believe any of John Bargh's studies?
Why do I only feel me when I laugh maniacally?
What are some things or principles that you would not die for but would go to jail for if it came to it?
When someone is looking at you in a way that you don't like, is it a bad idea to say "What are you looking at?"
Why do women often get attacked for their looks when people disagree with their humor or politics?
Is control of the masses by use of fear, the main objective of most religions?
What do people in East Europe think about "Night Wolves" bikers and their motocross devoted to the Victory Day?
Is it a red flag that the guy I'm dating initiated flirtatious contact in a store today with a girl who looked to be 10 -12 years old?
Why did you choose to post/not post your picture on your Quora profile?
Why do police officers in North Dakota have no problem injuring peaceful protesters at standing rock?
I have completely lost my faith in humanity (myself included). What should I do?
What is your worst experience when nature called?
Will sociology graduates get more salary than engineers or doctors after 2020?
How does someone accept being alone?
What are the true signs of Extroverts?
Is it weird that I go out and eat alone at a restaurant?
When will it be socially acceptable to LARP?
Could you not be more British even if you tried?
Why don't men chase women anymore when they're only told "no" once?
Why do IITans identify themselves as such on Quora?
Why do some people not care when someone is talking?
Why do people laugh when I'm most vulnerable?
What makes people hypersexual or a nymphomaniac? Is it natural or psychological?
Should I go and meet my favorite celebrities despite my social awkwardness?
Why do people think bullies will care about them?
Are New Yorkers really busy and have no time for socializing?
What corrupts people the most? Money, material items, or power?
How do I deal with popular and arrogant people at school?
Should I reply to a Snapchat sent by my ex?
I'm only confident/social when I've had a few successful interactions in the day, which doesn't happen often. How do I become permanently confident?
Are Zimbabweans socially accepted out there?
How is Bandura’s concept of self-efficacy different from Rogers’ concept of ideal self? Describe at least three differences.
If a child hands you a toy phone, what should you do?
Why has Money become more important than Human relations?
I am divorced Indian woman in early mid-30s. My relatives want me to make big compromise in choosing a partner to remarry fast. What should I do?
Does being in a relationship increase your social status?
How do I get rid of inferiority complex caused by mom's contempt?
What is a best psychological hack that can enhance my way of living and my social relationship?
Has the number of suicides by teenagers increased since a decade ago?
What are the nature and scope of social psychology?
How much familiarity does it take to breed contempt for 2 new lovers?
Should I go out alone to make new friends?
What is it like to have a socially awkward child?
I have a crush, he used to look at me and try to talk to me, then he started avoiding me. Did he give up on me or does he just not like me anymore?
Why do I feel really emotional about others' mental disabilities?
Why do I have trouble sleeping alone?
Is Donald Trump a gift to democracy?
Why am I attracted towards certain specific kind of music? Why only they make me feel alive?
What would be the impacts as The Big Sort continues in the coming decades?
Are human relationships designed to fail after two years?
Why does everybody hate me, am I not allowed to have any friends?
From an evolution perspective, why do we laugh when see people hurt themselves?
Why do people misconstrue a simple hearted person as being shrewd and calculative?
Do computers have a positive or negative impact on student achievement? Evidence to support your conclusions?
What should you do when you want something to start but does not want to be the one who starts it?
Is it better to say "who are you?" rather than "what's your name?"
What are the things you do to get over difficult times in your life?
How often do you post selfies and call yourself ugly just to get more comments calling you beautiful?
What makes someone have a punchable face?
How do you feel when people inquire about your long deceased child, sibling or partner?
Can I become a child psychologist without a bachelor's degree in psychology? And is it possible to become one with a bachelor's in sociology?
Why can't I believe people care about me?
Why is it hard for me to communicate?
Why do people get easily angry on a person who is not very proactive (especially at workplace)? Why are they not given training or time to improve?
As an adult (25–120), what do you wish teenagers (13–19) understood?
Do you worry about what others think of you?
What do you feel like if you are ignored by others? For example, you think you are great enough, but actually nobody cares about you.
If you could save either a thousand happy lives or a million sad people, which would you save and why?
Why all the peoples follow great personalities?
What it is like to be at home for long if you are doing nothing?
When is a distant person worth getting through to?
Why aren't sociopaths, like pedophiles, listed on a central registry and barred from positions of responsibility?
Why are people care free when drunk?
Is an expiration on marriage contracts a good idea?
Is there a limit to social progressiveness?
What are the reasons behind homophobic bullying of straight people at school?
What is the difference between order effect and sequence effect?
How do you know when people will be unfriendly to you at a party?
Why is it socially acceptable to throw cigarette butts on the ground?
Is it right for a father to force his children into a particular field?
What are some risk factors of peer pressure?
Why do most humans assume that good looks and intelligence do not go together?
What will an adult be like if they are neglected as a baby (in terms of love and affection, not food shelter etc)?
Is it correct to say "I care the fuck about others"?
We have become so touchy in certain areas (for example Muslims, Females) to the extent that we cannot be open out of fear of offending somebody. Why?
How has teaching psychology affected your way of life?
Why are people so obsessed about having their photos clicked everywhere they go? Should we ignore narcissists obsessed with selfies?
Why is it OK for a boy to marry a girl 4-5 years younger than him but it is a big deal when a girl decides to do d same?
I have no friends what do I do I cant just make new ones everyone has their own clique?
Why would an ex maintain eye contact with me then walk right past me?
What is the best example of tit for tat?
What are the benefits of people who treat each other with respect?
Why are some people more private than others?
Why do people so much obsessed with new year parties though its not an achievement?
Are you racist if you sometimes subconsciously view other ethnicities as inferior, but consciously believe all to be equal?
Is "bigger is better" social conditioning or something more primal?
What are some lesser talked about social rules?
If you saw someone wearing a swastika armband, would you automatically write them off as a bad person?
Why do I get self-conscious in public when I don't care what others think?
Is it true that we get the same from nature what we really do with others? Tit for tat?
I have two aunts who I am not really speaking much to at the moment. They broke my trust. What do I do?
What do you do if your so called close relatives are not your well wishers but you can't cut them out of your life due to social or cultural reasons?
Is genocide one historical consequence of multiculturalism?
Why cross culture communication more and more important in modern social?
I'm 40 years old haven't had a girlfriend in years. I'm rejected by almost every girl, feeling very low. What should I do?
What does the field of psychology think about the Romantic period and its values?
Why is empathy and compassion often seen as weakness?
What would be the psychological state of a guy if all women on Earth lusted after him? (They all lust after him but are incapable of loving him)?
What are some interesting fact about you?
How do you know a man who is present with his girlfriend is feeling insecure around another man?
How can I find someone available to make sales at CES 2017?
Can you explain anthropology and social psychology?
How do you gracefully deal with people that judge and belittle you?
Are we all trapped with our subconscious compulsions?
Why is there so much stigma in being "weak"?
Why have I been having very strange, vivid dreams that don't make sense ever since I lowered my antidepressant dose?
A happy-go-lucky guy I hang out with freaked out over the idea of dating me. This depressed me. How do I get over it?
Am I a bad person for despising having to have lunch with the same office colleagues every day?
I care about people's nationality and race too much. How can I reduce this attitude?
My friend's 14 years old son reacts violently with high level of sarcasm and has limited circle of friends. How should they deal with him?
What are the first thoughts that come to your mind when you watch some foreigner walking on your nation's streets?
Why do I feel like I won't make it to adulthood?
A classmate enforces my friend to have phone-sex with him. What should she do?
What are some legal and gray-area methodologies whereby one can degrade the well-being of a distant individual?
How can I passive aggressively get back at my Spanish teacher?
Why is it so hard for people between the ages 18- 25 to be more self assured than insecure?
How do I let go of the fear of finding a wrong partner in life?
Which books/resources would you suggest to learn about human behaviour/social psychology/organisational behaviour relevant to B2B sales?
My weekend lover FWB is beginning to get passively aggressive when I tell her I can't hang out. How should I end this?
Who would you rather be friends with and why?
I've been socially rejected by someone I don't even care about. Why is this pain so unbearable compared to other times?
When is the time you have felt most attractive?
In the face of all the anti-bullying resources nowadays, isn't there anyone defending bullies' right to be bullies?
What do I say to the people that don't care about real life topics?
Do societies which have strong family ties value their community less?
You said you're introverted. How do you deal with this extraverted world?
If we could all read one anothers minds would it bring the human race closer together or drive us further apart?
Is it wrong to put studying before people?
I just overheard a group of people who described me as "not having much of a personality". I feel deeply hurt by this. How do I move past it?
How do you deal with a person who has a preconceived judgement of you?
I'm a 16-year-old male and, while walking tonight, I got stalked by a stranger. He asked me to get in his car. How can I protect myself next time?
What are some lessons for a new bank employee?
How can I be confident and professional by stop caring about others opinions upon us ,especially when considering and mocking you as a dumb person?
What makes some of us romantic and others not at all?
What would conversations be like at Google when Apple has WWDC and vice-versa?
How can a socially awkward introvert succeed at life?
Is 'being judgemental' about what you say or what you do?
How can I stop being a passive-aggressive wife?
How do you respond to passive-aggressive manipulators who claim that they were "only kidding?"
How do I overcome the embarrassment of jogging in public?
How can you tell an alpha male by his eye movements?
How can I learn to care about people's feeling?
How can I learn patience, understanding, not judgemental, learn communication skills, and anything else that is needed in the field of psychology?
What are the bullying colors, and what are they used for?
I don't like people, what should I do?
How can I make limerence fade away?
Do men and women like the look of their own genitalia?
What is the best way to help a negative friend who is used to complaining out?
Where does the energy for motivation come from?
What is the process behind making friends?
How do I convince my stubborn clients on improving their below average project?
How can I overcome with insecurity &inferiority of small height?
Why did my personality change after I isolated myself from the World and how can I reprogram it?
Is it possible to function without any social support system?
What are the similarities between psychology and sociology?
What do you call a person who cares about what others think of them?
Why some people are not accepted by others no matter how good they are or how much they do for others?
If you happen to be paired up with somebody at work or some group and they seem to need validation (ie they're insecure), how can you meet this need?
Why do I think my parents could care less about me?
There is a guy i like but haven’t talked to yet.We live in same apartment. Is it ok to send him an fb request?
My coworkers often say I'm "so nice" or "really nice" and it kind of bothers me. How can I stop feeling annoyed about this?
If I thrive off the energy of others but also like my alone time am I an introvert or an extrovert?
What are some interesting things you tend to notice when people watching?
How do I punish myself for lying? How do I stop?
How do I make people think I care about them when I dont?
Why does it feel like I’m taking a happy drug when I look at a beautiful woman I am attracted to?
Why is it that some people just don't care about others, or even human rights?
What are some examples of internalisation conformity?
Are "the good old days" a kind of archetypal imagery? It seems like it is merely an idea, not a concrete time or place.
What should be the acronym SMART as per your point of view?
How did you learn to live with your physical imperfection(s)?
How would you build up a network of relationships from scratch? How would you find and reach people and what qualities are needed to do this?
Unable to make eye contact with people due to Chalazion on my eyelid. How or why should I make them understand it's not a sty?
What are some effective tactics of non-verbal intimidation?
What is the trend of basicity order in a group? Sometimes it's said to increase, and sometimes decrease.
What are some contradictory answers that have received a lot of upvotes on Quora?
How does a person gain the power to decide something?
What would be the social consequences of moving away from normal to animated films and story telling?
What happens when you expose your kids to high life which they can’t afford on their own when they have grown up?
Since I don't celebrate any holidays this time of year, should I feel offended when someone wishes me "happy holidays?"
What do you think of the unemployed and the poor?
Do Seeking Arrangement websites work?
Is there a dominance and submission role in every human social relationship?
How do I stop caring about what others think, even if that other is your own mother?
Is there an example of the incidence of an activty actually increasing after that activity has been outlawed?
Do people need communication?
How do you manage your superiority?
Is eating my lunch at the bathroom at school retarded and/or gay?
How have you learned microexpressions and is it useful for you? What do you think of it?
What are your thoughts on men sitting with their legs crossed?
What are some socially-accepted forms of deception?
Does anyone care about the Syrian people because of religion, seems to me it is like 1938 when no one care about what the Jews?
What motivate people to socialize or share things with others?
What are some truly unique ways to stand out at trade shows?
What are some ways to get people to like you, if they currently do not?
Why did you marry an introvert if you are an extrovert?
Are some things better left unsaid?
Isn’t corruption in India a product of the behaviour of its own people, meaning our own behaviour?
What are the psychological impacts of demonetization on common man?
What will be the social consequences of marrying a divorced girl? How society is gonna portray my image?
What is a culture of conformity? What are some examples?
As humans should we be asking 1st world questions when there are people that don't have drinking water?
Why do people prefer simple answers and solutions to problems that are obviously complex?
Have psychologists studied the personalities of computer geeks, and do managers exploit their weaknesses to make them work harder for less money?
How's the society changed, from the time you grew up in to present? Is life harder or easier?
I realise I put on a mask that is tailored fit for different people, what does it say about me?
If you took 2 people, one 'normal' and one extremely anti social, and put them in solitary confinement for say 80 days, who would go insane first?
What is the way out from my life situation?
Will police crawl through an unlocked window if the doors are locked during an urgent welfare check?
What are the most significant things happening right now?
I feel really lonely and misunderstood, even when I'm in a room full of people. How can I overcome these feelings?
How can I learn to care about people?
Is there a way not to get anxious and wound up inside after every bad interaction with people even if it's not your fault?
Are metaphors more real than the people who walk in the streets?
Is it wrong to ask the question "Is this a good thing or is this a bad thing?"
Why do people hurt others and enjoy it?
What considerations should we think of when using facial expressions, gestures, special punctuation, and emojis in business presentations?
If you could describe one mindset for having a captivating and engaging presence in social settings, what would it be?
Why would I prefer having a male persona in internet forums?
What is the best social strategy to defuse a violent confrontation?
Why is there a propensity to eulogize dictators after they die? Don't their victims count?
What does intimacy mean and how important is it in our lives?
Do other people see the pledge of allegiance as cult like propaganda?
Is there anyone who never uses a deodorant?
What do you think when our brain increase size?
When did you first stopped caring about what others think of you?
What is a "low maintenance person"?
Are studies about the attractiveness of the color red referring to all shades of red?
What does petty theft reveal about someone's character?
What should I do if people want me to karaoke, but I can't sing?
Does interracial marriage produce transcendence children?
How can I jokingly mess with my passive aggressive younger brother?
Which is the key difference between the approach of Erving Goffman, George Herbert Mead, and Herbert Blumer on symbolic interactionism?
How can I make sure they can never find or track me if I run away from home?
Is the imagination stunted or enhanced with television?
Why do people start to advise me to obtain low skill jobs?
When might verbal communication be a better choice than written or electronic communication because of the emotions involved?
Are there any labs that offer remote research internships for social psychology?
What are the most compelling examples you have of "be careful what you wish for, you just may get it"?
What is horizontal individualism?
What is a confident realism?
Why are some people so ignorant about the world around them?
Why do people make jokes about their own sad life events?
Why do most women hate men?
How can anyone persuade themselves to not care about other people?
Why do some people feel they have to right to deprive other people of their rights?
Do I have to be a bad guy to gain girls?
What is wrong with a man who seems to project his emotional unavailability to love a woman onto his 5 year old daughter?
Do iPhone and Android users have different personality traits?
Why is it so common for people to suspect they are the only conscious beings?
If economic growth doesn't improve happiness, why do we push for it?
I have noticed that I have a hard time interpreting body language, social cues, and eyes. Is that bad?
Do I need to care about what others think about myself?
Does stupidity serve an evolutionary advantage?
Is feminizing men good for society? My wife influences me to interact in a compassionate & passive way with others, naturally I'm more aggressive.
Is there any term for the bullies who focuses on bullying others for their choice of bright colors of clothes/back packs etc.?
Does the media subconsciously make people want to wear makeup?
How do we make depression socially acceptable?
Why do some people pretend to be good?
Should I include my hypothesis and details in my Statement of Purpose for graduate school applications in psychology?
I want to remove all evidence of my existence. How do I do that and escape?
Is love still relevant in our modern and globalized society?
Why do people want appreciation?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
Do cheesy people think they get bonus points to be callous when it counts?
What do you call a consensual hallucination?
Should the US start paying unmarried women to NOT have babies?
Why do people become obsessed with people they can't stand?
How much socialization should I get so as to prevent negative effects of social isolation?
How can one person manipulate influence on a large scale?
Will virtual reality increase or decrease tourism?
Which country people face the most social pressure in their society?
Why can it be so hard to accept trusted and loved organisations and institutions have committed wrongs or failed people?
What is happen inside a rioter's head after he raids, murders, or rapes others? Will he brags it to his families and friends?
If you could manipulate everyone around you, would you do it?
What are the advantages of conformity?
Why do Asian Indians seems so socially awkward at work?
What kind of clothes do likeable people wear?
What are some beliefs that instantly put you off the person who holds them?
What are some social psychology experiment ideas?
Why can people be so unforgiving towards individuals who are on their own in social situations?
How do I stop forcing reactions?
How do I know if a social group is accepting of me?
Do people give you looks or stares in public if you avoid making eye contact with them?
What are some examples of approach-avoidance conflicts?
Are social evils in the name of 'choice' acceptable & justified?
I have ADHD. What can I do to not appear passive aggressive?
Are we attracted to people with similar or opposite physical traits to ours?
How can I know who started following me in Quora for answering which question?
Why can't I be normal in social situations?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
How much should an intelligent, educated person "dumb down" his/her speech in order to be liked?
Shouldn't the message of any movie be mentioned textually or verbally at the end of it?
If two people look exactly alike and are treated as if they are the same person, what will they develop personality-wise and psychologically?
What do children today need to learn for future success?
Why is judging people so bad?
What is a witty way to respond when someone interrupts you by saying “Are you finished”?
How can I improve my relationships or friendships with people?
How can I know if I am worthy of not having inferiority complex?
Are passionate people dangerous since they are extremists when it comes to things they are passionate about?
Why can't I take a joke?
Does it mean anything if my ex sent a very sweet message on the first anniversary of my dad's passing?
What does it mean to be an uncertain person, and why do some people seem more certain than others?
I have very strong urges to hurt children both mentally and especially physically. This does not apply to blood relatives. What help should I get?
What if Christian aliens were discovered?
I'm financially unable to move and I hate where I live; what can I do to cope with being here?
What does it feel to have vampire fangs?
Should one always stand up to a bully regardless of the odds?
Do you think college will help me to be less shy?
Is there a correlation between a US city's weather and its materialism?
Will I always have a tendency towards depression?
What is it called when you believe strongly in something but everyone believes the opposite and you begin to doubt yourself despite the evidence?
How do I know if I am that kind of person who avoids eye contact in a conversation because they are too timid?
Is personality development training helpful for overcoming inferiority complex and getting to know oneself?
Why does everybody care so much about what watch a person and/or a leader wears?
How can I be interesting without being weird?
Why are so many people stuck at the maintaining norm level in human development when we should all be aspiring to be at the postconventional level?
Will people like you better if you're not trying to sell them things?
Why is sex considered so private in Humans?
I'm pretending to be someone else online. I'm trying to stop but I enjoy it. Can someone tell me how to stop it?
Why do many feel threatened by conformity and normalcy?
Who hates holiday gatherings and feel drained as an introvert?
Do you think that there is a lot of fake news and misinformation getting shared on Facebook?
How can an inferiority complex affect a person and how can it be overcome?
When is the beginning of the end?
Is it normal that I can empathize or not empathize with whoever I want?
Is any aspect of bigotry inherent, or is it all learned from prior generations?
What is the true intent/motivation and purpose of racism?
Should the whole world be forced to learn one common language in school for communication purposes (without removing any native language)?
Why would a group of intelligent, college educated, adults pass by a field with cows and yell “MOOO” at the cows?
Do normal people lie on the floor in random places of their home when they get in from work?
How does free charge comes in dielectric?
Is something wrong with me if I can't be sad over father's passing anniversary?
How does one appeal to someone's ego?
How can I charge more money for the same product/service?
Is a small compliment such as "nice jacket" considered "catcalling"?
What's the difference between changing a habit and changing a character?
Should I let go if I am right but unable to make people understand and prove them wrong?
What's the best, smartest, kind way I can tell people on my social media to stop sending me invites to join an MLM (multi level marketing) company?
Can manipulation be used to help others for the good?
How can you tell if you're needy or normal?
Who is the most charismatic person you know personally? Can you explain why they are like this?
I have never had a girlfriend or kissed a girl, I feel uncomfortable talking about girls with my friends, what can I do?
What should a social anxiety sufferer do when they fear it may have a lot to do with their questionable sexuality?
Is it normal to be 23 and still feel extremely shy and anxious all the time?
What would one infer about me if I don't stick to my words?
What is the use of having a knowledge without having a job in your hands?
Why do I have trouble remembering things from past? Do I have some illness? What should I do to remember more? (edit: i don't do drugs)
Does fear of social rejection effect individuality?
What is the best way to appease two opposing ethical systems simultaneously?
How do I avoid getting manipulated if I'm planning to post online an in-depth analysis of my value system?
I am a complete beginner. How do you make wine out of fruits at home?
Why are liberals more prone to riot or protest?
What is the best way to start being more social when you're extremely socially awkward?
Why do some countries have so much less regard for customer service than others?
What is the closest real-life scientific equivalent of 'studying the magic of friendship'?
How do I deal with people who want to use me all the time and only reach out to me when they need something?
What techniques do you use to anchor yourself in a lucid dream? And how much are you able to manipulate them before getting kicked out?
When you can monitor the brain with the technology we have today in answering behavioral questions, does that make psychology/social science obsolete?
What's the relationship between mentalization and mental model?
Does it ever happen to you that when you go near someone you know but don't have on Facebook, they later the same day get suggested as a friend?
How do I deal with socially awkward boyfriend?
I have developed a very bad habit of gossiping, I was not like this & you know as we gossip we say about one's life to other, what should I do?
What are the most common lies women tell men?
How can I find flyrecord of someone?
How do I deal with my son's passive aggressive step mother?
How can I smile less?
How does an inferiority complex relate to shyness?
What sense are we using when we perceive someone's stare?
Why is it that people seek to escape reality through drugs?
Why can't I get involved in a group?
What are the social setting which shapes behaviors?
What makes a person interesting?
Is there a case on Social psychology where there was unethical behavioral issues and how it may have affected people?
What are some known practical benefits of being underestimated?
How can I improve my perspective in life when it's been terrible since day one, and all I know are pain, abuse, and the manipulation of others?
What should you do if everyone is bullying you everytime?
Which universities in Dubai host master's degrees in Social psychology?
Do introverts suffer from inferiority complex?
Can a schizophrenic control psychosis like a lucid dreamer does dreams?
Do people really believe in the Bible, the Quran, God, Allah, Yahweh, Jesus, etc.? Or are they just saying they believe for virtue signalling purposes?
Why did girls stop flirting with me after college?
Why do people want others to see them differently than how they actually are?
What are some methods for dealing with people who talk too much?
Which physical traits gives someone a more influential appearance?
How would you psychologically evaluate a person who makes plans but fails to follow through with those plans?
I am wildly in love with a close friend but it's long distance, do I tell her?
Is it possible to learn social skills by reading about it?
Should you help people who are selfish?
Is there anyone that truly and completely does not care about what people think of them? How do I get to be more like you?
Why am I passive aggressive?
I caught my 14 year old daughter stealing money from our family. How should I handle this?
What can you do to attract people to you?
I am always having lucid dreams and also very clear dreams. Is it normal?
What does it mean to be confrontational?
How would a person be if he had 0 percent stress level?
Are monsters born or made?
How do we eliminate mistrust among east and west?
Is a modern 'trendy' hairstyle really necessary? (men)
Why is bullying a problem?
How do I build a team if I'm surrounded by people who only care about grades?
Who is that one stranger you will never forget? How did he teach you the biggest lesson of your life or removed biggest misconception you ever had?
If I am living in the "first-world", do I ever have a right to be sad?
How do I ignore people that keep bringing me down by reminding me of my mistakes?
How would social psychologists analyze Donald Trump's victory?
Can it be criminalized to not educate your children?
Why don't people care about the environment?
Can the ability of taking decisions be used to define a person's psychology?
Why are teens so easily influenced by peer pressure?
What are some body language postures I should adapt and what are some hacks and tricks to make the interviewer select me?
Generally, what are the best places/attractions to go/visit with a 21 year old college girl who you like/love/have feelings for?
Are there jobs that combine trend forecasting, sociology, economics, politics, culture, and science/technology?
How do Asian cultures view social anxiety?
When I talk I tend to laugh, especially when I'm nervous. How can I eliminate this habit?
How do women treat men they dislike but have no choice but to meet as they are relatives or family members?
How do you read someone's mind through their body language?
Does sales strategy based on guilt work?
Why is social interaction in groups so bizarrely awkward and seemingly unnatural?
Why should I care so much about coal miners compared to other jobs lost to advances in technology?
Everything turns me on. What do I do?
Why do men roll up their sleeves before a fight?
Does listening to a comedian while asleep make your personality more like theirs?
Is it okay if a guy friend who claims to love you, comments about your body parts, or asks you why can't you be intimate with him?
What are important things to be said when presenting on domestic abuse?
Is it wrong to lie and let people 'hear what they want to hear'?
What are some biggest mistakes that people often make in conversations with others?
Why does a person become angry and agressive if you tell him that he is not sincere and doesn't love me?
Why did Jenny not settle with Forrest Gump even though she loved him?
I'm a grade 10 students who fell inlove with grade 7 student. and vise versa. Is it fine or should I stop?
How do I attract influencers to join my interest-based social platform (FearlessLittle.com)?
Why is my brother dating a girl without any life ambitions?
If someone says they live alone, do you automatically think they must be lonely?
Why do you care so much about other people's lives?
Is being nice no longer acceptable for Americans. Would people rather be jerk?
What is a powerful and respectful posture to adopt during a verbal confrontation?
I'm 14. Why do I prefer talking to adults?
How do I overcome from my inferiority complex about my knowledge?
What are some ways to manipulate someone with a big hypersensitive ego?
Who is more vocal with their views, INFJ or INFP?
How come people in the USA care about Trump so much but forget about his VP, Pence who is much worse and has way more support?
Can people entertain ideas without believing them, or do ideas slowly convince your mind to accept them as true?
How can we prevent emotions to reach our facial expressions and have a normal look in difficult situations?
What are the psychological effects of social isolation in prisons?
Why are people so concerned about Sonam Gupta?
What can I do when my sister doesn’t treat me the way I deserve and need?
What are some good ways to "read" people?
Why don’t people take the time to understand other people?
Does caring about social status and social rank make a person superficial and materialistic?
What are 10 things the United States does better than European countries?
What's the psychology behind people who turn every conversation towards a particular political or social issue?
What is increasingly becoming socially acceptable?
What is the most shocking thing someone you know has done on Facebook?
Have you ever returned to your ex after a while since he/she broke up with you because of misunderstanding/fear?
Is it true that most people are too wrapped up in themselves to care about your mistakes/flaws?
Why am I feeling left out even though I am happy?
Is there a difference between gossiping and networking?
Is bullying good? Should it be looked at differently? Have “morals” confused our logic and reason when it comes to “social hierarchy?”
What is a healthy and ecological alternative to capitalism?
Can a person have low self esteem and be a narcissist?
Am I socially awkward?
What influence does herd mentality have in Indian democracy?
How do I control the obsessive use of mobile phone?
Is society an invention or does it occur naturally?
Do INFJs experience other people's emotions as their own?
Why do people like us when we assume they like us?
Is it possible to become brainwashed without giving up one's free will?
How do I get to know as much as possible as fast as possible about people?
I have a strong inferiority complex towards profession with high social status and beautiful people. How can I prevent to pass it on to my future kid?
We are all bad people. Do you agree?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
What are the true signs of Introverts?
What can be the reasons for people who want to enquire so much about others personal affair?
What questions need to be asked to detect someone's weaknesses?
Why is it that very few Quorans almost never improve their answers based on comments given? How do you feel about it?
Why do people assume that being a single child, you are more selfish?
Which myths if busted would hurt your parents?
What are the zeitgeist of today’s times? How are people psychologically and sociologically affected?
How do I identify people who have a need for achievement and power?
If you were given 1 trillion $ to create (as much as practically possible) a perfect world, how would you do it?
Putting all politics aside, is there a psychological explanation for so many angry, uncontrollable outbursts resulting from the election?
What is the most effective way to bring new ideas into mainstream politics?
What are some of the long lasting effects of verbal bullying?
For those with careers in mental health, has your knowledge helped you or hurt you more at home with your own family?
Why are some people intimidated by my personality?
How can you tell if you're getting funny looks from strangers or if it just your imagination?
How do teenagers change psychologically between 16 and 18?
How will scrapping the INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes affect the daily lives of Indians?
Is acting appropriately in social situations a form of lying if my outward behaviors do not align with my private thoughts or feelings?
Why can't my mom understand that I am depressed?
If suddenly all humans could solve almost any mathematical problem nearly instantaneously depending upon the size of their computer what would happen?
If only 20 questions are available to learn about someone, what should be asked?
I'm 25 with Autism (HF), I fail to care about other people still, what would snap me out of this?
Is there ever a legitimate reason for adults to communicate only through passive aggressive social posts?
What are some social psychology mechanisms that are relate-able in US presidential election?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
Why are religious people fearful of individualistic people?
Why am I addicted to election coverage?
What would be the social and psychological implications of "training" a whole population (of a country) to repress their emotions?
What is the inability to put up opinions called? Is it detrimental in any way?
How do I stop seeing horrific acts I read about done to a child that won't stop playing like movie in my head?
How do I change other people's negative perception of me? How do I change myself to be more well-liked on first and lasting impressions of me?
Which theory best explains why humanity screws up?
Young people often argue that they don't hide sth illegal, so they don't care about surveillance. Why don't they value non-illegal privacy more?
Why do we need confidence?
When you talk to your own self, have you ever listened?
Do companies care about the fact that some people will never be able to afford their products?
Is being attracted to intelligence a call for social mimicry?
Is there any solution to end hate amongst women?
Are there any university studies on Eric Fromm? How can I locate researchers who are studying him?
Are you more driven by ego than you sometimes care to admit to yourself?
How do you stop feeling bad when people give you funny looks or stare?
Do you think future generation English speakers will have improved or degraded grammar, punctuation, and articulation skills?
Do many people fake smiles, when they get their picture taken?
Given that some people commit horrendous acts in God's name, how do you know if you are truly following God's will?
How do you get a girlfriend if you're socially awkward?
What's it like to reunite with a person you care deeply about?
How do I get my personality back?
How can we get people to see past their own personal interests (particularly financial interests) and think about the collective interests of a group?
Is it better to learn how to deal with people by reading books on social skills or having an active social life?
Are older people more careful about their laundry?
What does “high need for approval” mean?
Is non-pathological psychology a nearly "dead field"? Did the researchers in their old/middle aged researchers find out what's worth finding out?
Can you train yourself to not care about other people's opinions?
Can I use hypnosis to end my sexual attraction to someone in a relationship?
Do you think humans are more or less clones?
Am I an extrovert?
Does arguing about vaccination and vaccination policy share some features with arguing about religion?
What do you think of those people who hate themselves?
Why am I socially awkward?
Are people with ADHD socially awkward?
Why are awesome women always single?
How does one get used to his/her own voice?
Will having a moral compass hurt you or help you?
How can you tell if people are intimidated by your presence?
My bf tells me that, due to experiences as a kid, he has developed an inferiority complex towards people with my profession. What can I do to help?
Is there any possibility, an emotional intelligent person to face psychological kind of problems?
Is it appropriate to practice in front of a mirror aiming to fix the grimaces you make when you discuss with your friends?
A guy I'm dating downloaded my pictures from Facebook and sent them to his male friend without asking me. Is this normal?
Is staying silent and not retaliating, the safest option nowadays given a mean world out there?
Why would a man (classmate or stranger passing by in a supermarket) look at me with a blank face?
Why do I always need to let someone else observe an event?
What are some good colleges in Europe to study anthropology, Cognitive psychology and Social psychology?
Why do some intellectual people tend to be unhappy?
Are intuitive people less consistent?
Why do I have such a hard time believing my friends care about me?
How do Pakistanis feel when many people from other countries call them 'Pakis' to abuse them?
All drugs of the mind create a dampening of the two conscious thinking minds called the real and the ethereal? Are we turning imagination on or off?
What is the best pre-law among these three in the PH: psychology, anthropology, or sociology?
What are some statistics that are commonly used to mislead people?
Why are people grateful for praise (compliment) , but defensive when someone offers constructive Criticism?
What makes someone a Goth?
Should I forgive my absent father?
How do I deal with a passive aggressive daughter in law when I'm confrontational?
How often does the term 'womanism' get misinterpreted by non-feminists as a term for female chauvinism?
Have you done something without free will today?
How do psychology students make their online profile strong?
How do you know when somebody knows you well?
Why don't people care about the feelings and respect of plain looking and physically weak students?
Why is being completely truthful and unfiltered in every social interaction considered to be pathological and/or a social handicap?
What are some interesting documentaries about stigma?
Why are there so many people who hate Intel corporation?
How can I get more attention when I speak?
In the long-run is it better to deal with bullies by practicing nonviolence or standing up to them and risk reprisals?
I'm getting lonely & desperate for good company but most people I meet only care about alcohol and hedonistic pleasures for recreation. What do I do?
What is respect and what is the best way to get it?
Why do people love to interfere into personal lives of others?
Is it okay to do the right thing reporting someone doing a violation, even if you’re doing it not only because it's right, but to take revenge too?
Do social circles in New York cause the problems in the Middle East?
Do friends change over period of time? Why
How is the way you perceive yourself different from the way others perceive you?
What is the best way to prevent a parent from living vicariously through you?
Is it acceptable for a 26 years' old lady to lie naked at a sea beach?
Does increase of obesity rate increase Anorexia rate?
What is a good free way to cheer up a roommate?
How does society encourage objectification of humanity?
How do I know what I should care about?
Will people judge you if you have no friends?
Why is it not socially acceptable to enjoy Bill Cosby's comedy but it is acceptable to enjoy Michael Jackson's music? Both are likely sex offenders.
How can I strengthen my character and not be weak inside anymore? (Regarding relations with other people)
About to be evaluated by graphologists, I am "fluent" in several writing styles. Which should I use?
How can I avoid falling in love?
Is Quora your new reality and taking you away from human interaction?
Who said that sociologists need to predict human behaviour?
Why does "every" male talk about football?
How can you tell if someone might enjoy playing video games with you?
Why do some people support people who invade other people's privacy?
What are the superficial details about a person that reveal a lot about their personality and character?
How do restaurants use psychology to manipulate our spending and eating habits?
Is there any smallest denominator which we can use to save the world?
Is it unethical to have sex with your previous psychiatrist? What do you make of this? All people are human right?
Should all high-schoolers have to take computer science?
Why do some people suffer a lot more than others?
Why do people care about the expectations of the society so much?
Why do nerd characters in media tend to be portrayed as having stereotypically effeminate manners?
Why am I awkward around guys?
What can one deduce about the relationship between these two business partners based upon their body language in this picture?
How can I stop being so awkward and shy?
How do I find valuable friends?
How do I survive college when I'm a bit older than others?
What are the key traits of mentally strong people?
How can I free my mind of being addictive?
Do people who care about the environmental issues actually do something about it?
What things are just not worth the effort?
What's wrong with climbing over a row of chairs from behind to get to a seat rather than trying to contort your body past all the seated humans?
How can I overcome feeling stupid after an important conversation?
If someone makes provocative statements that may cause someone else to have a stroke or heart attack, are they committing a crime under the law?
How should we judge people with a horrible past?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to "love" an older woman?
Is there a psychological term that describes calling someone crazy to deflect/hide the truth?
How do I survive a party when I don't know anyone?
Why do some men think women at bars are insecure or have low self esteem?
How can a 27 year old son, cope with a selfish, short-tempered, unforgiving, dis-respecting & dominating 52 year old mother?
Why is it important to tell others you care?
How would you feel if you liked someone and then found out he/she was a sex offender?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and sociopath?
What are the questions to help me screen any woman quickly?
How can I avoid making interview candidates cry?
How do I stick to successful people if people in general don't like to keep me around?
What are the advantages of discriminating?
Why do I feel so distant from the other people?
Does someone feel jealous of someone else's success? Because I do but don't know how to overcome that feeling and be happy as I'm not a bad person?
Is this a rule that if you care much or are always available to someone, you will lose your value?
Why does it seem like I frequently responded to by being contradicted by people or by them showing me their worst sides?
What are some modern examples of non conformity?
Does "truth is, people are addicted to people" makes sense to you?
How do I deal with my maternal aunt who interferes a lot in my personal life?
Why do people still care about others' choices?
What does it mean when someone has no respect for other people's privacy?
Why do so many people care about opinions of others who can't influence their lives?
Why some people try to act so cool by saying that they dont care about anything, but in reality everything bothers them?
Are the problems of society made by the psychological problems of the indviduals?
What are the basics of body language?
I am Robin and I am a racist! Does that make me a bad person?
Are you ready for anything that life may throw at you?
Does almost no one have an open mind?
Is there anyone you don't like but you respect?
I feel that life is flowing around me and I'm losing many opportunities but then again I don't want to achieve anything. What does that mean?
What do you do if others in your social circle try to bring down your social status?
Should I tell my best friend that I know about his feelings for my girlfriend?
How will we detect that a person is psychologically unfit?
What are unacceptable factors?
I'm only good at communicating with excellent communicators. How can I get better at communicating with those who are not?
How do people label someone as weird?
Why do we do favors for people even though we don't want to?
How can the "people" regain the governing power that should be vested in them, not the political class or the business class, giant corporations?
Why doesn't the saying that you should treat everyone like you want to be treated not work in life?
Should you really be nice to everyone?
How do you change a bully's want for power/domination?
Is Attention Deficit Disorder a static or fluid condition? How much does environment play a role?
How can you help stop bullying?
Can engineers be funny?
Do people care about socio-economic status?
What is the advantage of being an introvert? Are you an introvert? Do you have any friends?
Why is Hillary not offering her opinion on many contentious issues as Donald Trump does?
How does the presence of an alpha male leader positively or negatively effect his organization’s culture?
Why do some people seem to think breast size has something to do with promiscuity?
When do you draw the line between being brutally honest and being tactless?
Do socially awkward girls like socially awkward guys?
Why do I have a high IQ but yet have an inferiority complex with respect to academics?
Can one with mediocre (or lower), self-elected standards of rationality impress on the internet and yet prove completely inadequate in real life?
Not wanting people to like what I like - what's the name of this thing?
Is it common to discredit something because it has been misused or misunderstood?
How do I act with considiration of other people naturally?
I have aspergers and don't care about others deeply, if they tell me problems I really can't relate or care. How do I change?
Why do Madurai people are blindly tagged as rude and violent by outsiders?
Can giving someone a lot of things be a form of manipulation?
Where did the hatred of darker complexions originate and why?
Do people like others to know about what they are reading or do they like to keep it to themselves?
Does the internet give an effective "advantage" (and in a sense even "safe space") to people who can't keep their appropriate distance from others?
How do I perform the mirror exercise more effectively?
What makes someone a bad employer/manager, someone I shouldn't continue to work with?
Which psychological principles are useful for understanding the average person?
Why would someone be so obsessed with someone that they would want to know what that person is constantly doing?
Is it wrong to not want to associate with people who don’t feel the need to catch-up or keep in touch?
Is there a Master's programme in Social psychology I can apply to without a background in psychology?
How can I be more outgoing and social? I was recently described as someone who "flies under the radar" and I don't think it was meant as a compliment.
Why are people always on the extreme edge, of either being too selfish or too selfless?
Why don't we know how to be people?
How are non ambitious people happy with a mediocre life?
Am I just being jealous of young kids who drive luxury cars bought by their parents when I despise their bad manners, or is my discontent normal?
What's the biggest difference between 'mirrored politeness' and 'mindful kindness' as a way of being?
Do you care about what other people say about you?
Do more people tend to label their exes as narcissistic and how often are they right?
How can one come out of the inferiority complex?
Why is stereotype accuracy one of the largest and the most replicable effects in all of social psychology?
How can I maintain a conversation for a long period of time?
Why the term "big balls" is used to praise masculine behavior but there is no equivalent to praise feminine behavior?
Why do I dislike to share my own work with other people?
What is something that you care so much about that you spend much of your days doing whatever it is?
Why do people push you away if they care about you?
How can Maslow's hierarchy of needs be used with Myers Briggs test results?
What would you say to a suicidal person preparing to jump off a bridge?
What is considered unacceptable in a relationship?
What makes someone become popular?
Why should everyone conform to the society especially when it's a corrupt society?
My friend's boyfriend is gay, what should I do? Should I tell her?
I keep having terrifying visions which involve my ex boyfriend who is a narcissist. These things didn’t happen but they seem so real. Am I crazy?
Why do we need the company of other people?
Broadly speaking, are "toxic people" those who don't respect your personal autonomy?
Why can't I remember most of the basic things people tell me about themselves?
Can a person tell people of his/her own race apart if he/she is not used to seeing them?
Is bullshit easy to see through unless a third person just pretends it isn't, or it feeds into many subliminal conventional patterns?
How do I deal with this particular teacher?
Why is it difficult for me to care for others?
Sometimes I don't feel like talking to my friends, why?
Why do i have to stand up for myself?
When the woman wants an abortion but the man does not, what are the socially and morally accepted choices, and are the two answers exclusive?
Is it ok to be passive aggressive in a text as long as you use a fun emoji?
Besides good posture and a great smile, what are some tips for projecting positive "presence" when I walk into a room?
I don't really miss people when they aren't around, I enjoy being around them and am happy when they get back, Is this some kind of empathy disorder?
How do you deal with people who promise you things and then take them back?
Why do some people love to lecture others?
Why do some people produce negative vibes or aura around us even if they do not want or mean to do so?
What traits or actions does society lionize the most?
What would you do if you get compliments about you (style, kindness, etc.) when you usually don't get it?
How can you tell if you're ignorant or stupid?
How do I tell to other readers that is not right to discuss inside the library even if they just whisper without getting evil?
How does peoples’s perception (about their friends) affect their friends?
Why many girls begs people to add them on Snapchat? Why they want others to know about their life?
What is your weakness?
Should I cut my friendship with someone who spoke badly of me to another person?
What is the main reason for all the problems in India?
Are there laws against passive aggressive traps?
Why do narcissists discard their partners?
What is the psychology behind blaming others to hide bad behaviors?
Where can I download “The Social Animal” by Elliott Aronson.?
Why have humans not evolved as a rational society even after thousands of years of civilization?
Lying to a liar is not a lie. Conning a con is not a con. Is this hypocrisy or is it OK?
How do I lessen the impact of my loved ones inevitable deaths?
How do I avoid prejudices and stereotyped thinking?
I have to write about human nature in my English class and I argue that humans are bad naturally. What sources can I use for this essay?
What are some people that you must avoid?
Why is the community so important in society?
How do I learn to deal with my walls and boundaries as an adult if I was bullied as a kid and am not able to form relationships now?
Why is there so much tension between me and my crushes?
Why do some people identify with labels of all sorts?
What is the difference between personality & character?
How do I solve my belonging issues?
Is it proper to enter a relationship during high school?
Can your spit be boiled off your tongue?
How do I deal with people who won't take no for an answer?
Do mutual support/self help groups encourage codependent behavior?
What are some terrible applications of empathy?
What words make people feel really crazy?
What does the fact, that we are primed to fight over the smallest conflict or criticism, say about our society and how we relate to each other?
What is the most common body language that can help me understand a person?
Why doesn’t the other man/woman in an affair care about the wife or husband (or family)?
Do people care when you think they don’t?
Do you consider yourself passive aggressive?
Are people in general lacking in the ability to judge patterns beyond what is given as part of them or how they personally think they understand them?
How do I use my social awkwardness to my advantage?
How can I improve myself at explaining stuff to others?
Is it okay that I try not to care what people think about me?
People are always telling me that I only care about myself, when I care alot. What can I do?
What are some important things that psychologists know about but most people have not yet realized?
What's the most decisive trait to be a good president?
Why do some people not care about how the other person looks like when dating?
How can I overcome having a baby face and youthful looks for better visibility in the work place?
What is the role of folk wisdom in social psychology?
How do I make people accept that I am right?
What are some of the most common examples of conformity in everyday life?
What if we do not have names? Do you think this would highly affect our behaviors and the way we live?
What makes a person good?
Isn't it a paradox that the universal symbol for doctors and medical science is derived from a deity and a story from mythology?
Why are narcissists hypersensitive to even mild criticism?
How does psychology influence business management?
Why do people care about physical beauty?
Why do I see so many international students with few or no White friends?
My sister suddenly starts crying, what shall I do?
Is it normal to look back at times spent with a narcissist and smile?
Are most people lonely?
Can you fix your reputation on Facebook?
How and why some people don't care? (e.g. what others know)?
What will be the social, psychological, and emotional impacts of immortality on mankind?
Can people in numbers be more easily manipulated? Why?
Does kindness irritate a narcissist?
Why it is so difficult to talk with girls? Every sentence seems forced and we end up in awkward silence.
Do societies ever vindicate the people who forewarn them about events that they ignore and deny?
Why are most people who play Minecraft socially awkward?
What are major features of a narcissistic abuser? Can they be cured?
Why do teachers like giving students the stare down?
Was socialism a good thing?
What is the legal or psychological technique/strategy where you repeat a lie again and again to effectively get the audience to believe it?
How do I handle someone who is clingy and intense?
Is victim mentality a behavior more performed by women?
What are the social-ecological components of blame and accusation?
What was your experience of arguing with a narcissist like?
What's the logic behind not allowing people from the same city to book a hotel?Is it even legal?
Can extroverts be shy around the person they like?
What are the most dangerous aspects of groupthink?
If women and men could have children on their own and decide the sex, which of them would win on the long term?
I strongly believe I have aspergers but pyschologist or people close to me won't believe me. How can I get a diagnosis?
Do you think it's right to punish a teen with humiliation? I do it but a lot of parents say it's wrong.
There's a clown standing on the corner and he's totally creeping me out, what should I do?
Why does my teacher put up a facade?
What are some universally applicable psychological or sociological frameworks for considering future innovations regardless of industry or market?
Why should I respect the personal autonomy of conscious creatures?
I am unable to picture faces when imagining people who are important to me. Why is that?
What are the consequences of being sarcastic around people?
What are some pieces of life advice you can give to a 16 year old guy?
What is a critical assessment of Mead's theory of Mind, Self and Society?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
Does a handshake tell alot about a person?
Is knee and feet pointing really a sign of attraction, even when those people aren't talking to each other?
Why did I fail the psychological test after I passed the competitive examination with flying grades?
I know that my best friend treats others better than me. Why do I not care?
What are some of the best relationship advice for men?
Would repeating parts of a question twice before answering indicate that someone is trying to think of a lie to tell?
What is the difference between conformity and uniformity?
Why do some people want to bully the poor?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why do people look down on me? I feel like leaving this world.
How does one reduce the amount of herd thinking in society?
What is more dangerous than people usually think?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
What are some negative effects of bullying?
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
Is it okay to depend on other people’s thinking, decisions, and desires?
Why do people care about the size of their genitals?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
Does communism erode social cohesion?
Am I objectifying men if I took a picture of a really attractive man to show my friends?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
Do people care about the first impression?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
Do you think most people are good or bad?
My 16 year old daughter keeps on screaming and swearing at me even though I haven't done anything bad to her. Can someone help me stop this?
What is it that makes my schoolmates so superficial? Many times all they talk about are material possessions or stuff related to "social status."
How can I get rid of this limiting belief about myself: ''who do you think you are''?
Have you ever cut in lines?
What is the difference between Communication Studies and Social psychology?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Is it possible to use debate as a form of flirting?
Does Ross Geller (from the TV show Friends) have Asperger’s syndrome?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
How can you tackle anti-social behaviour?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
What do other Himachali people think about other Chaudhary and Ghirth people? Do they have a good social status?
Is it okay to feel betrayed by the people I cared about? Or should I think from their point of view too? More in my comment.
How long should we care about society?
Do people care about humanities research or do they think it's a waste of time?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
Why do I fall for a guy who seems to not care about me but sees to only care about sexual attention?
How can you tell if a guy has feelings for you, even though there is an underlying reason you can’t be together?
What are the best research topics on social psychology research?
I'm so ugly and lonely. What do I do?
How can I win all people's hearts without doing anything?
Is it possible to hate someone you haven't properly met?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
Is not following the herd mentality the new herd mentality nowadays?
Is it ok for a 30 year old man to spend a significant amount of time alone with a 21 year old girl if he thinks she's too young for him?
Why do some people think it is okay to fake having a disability?
Why do people care so much about their data being sold?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
How do I get rid of the fear of what other people think and say about me?
What are some controversial questions about forgiveness?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
What do other people do that you don't do?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
How can I stopped feeling and believing that I am nothing at 22 years old?
Would you rather be extremely well connected or wealthy? Why?
How does a highly sensitive person get over caring so much about how others perceive or think about them?
Why does everyone want to be the one who changes the world?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
A relative of mine has a power of attorney who cares more about saving money rather than getting him the medical care he needs. What do I do?
Why do some people refer to Europeans/European-Americans as just being "white," but describe others by their individual ethnicity?
What do you think glasses say about the person wearing them?
What psychology stuff should I know about women?
Can I pursue a PhD in psychology after completing a BS focused only on social psychology?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Why do I care so much about my class position?
How do I become a productive member of society?
What are the social dynamics in any local development projects?
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
Do people who are self-obsessed really care about others?
What is the difference between being a very passive aggressive person and having a passive aggressive personality disorder?
Is it unreasonable of me to ask my boyfriend to take down photos of his daughter at birth as I'm pregnant with his second child?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
Why do people often care about looks over personality?
How do I get over the fact that I almost lost my job?
How frequently do you text a female friend vs. a girl you're interested in?
Why does unspoken approval exist in some relationships and not others? What does it mean about that relationship?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
It seems like my body doesn't allow skin-to-skin contact. Why?
Is it weird that I don't think I could ever be around a guy that messed with me in high school even if we made amends at some point?
Why is it important for you to express your feelings?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Is it possible for a cult to start online?
How do I stop caring about what others think as a teen?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
How do I adapt to the new culture and the environment?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
Have you been shy before but one day decided not to anymore?
What are the similarities between games, religion and corporate?
Why do people cater to currency and their jobs more than to people who actually care about them and genuinely love them?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
Why do bars not utilize a queue system?
How do I handle other people's opinions?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex in academics?
What will happen if all liquor shops are closed in a country?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
What does it mean when a guy deeply values your opinion, and wants you to be excited for him?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
Do I have some bits of autism?
Why do people use the bathroom for every dirty thing?
Can I not care what people think?
How do you stop caring or getting sucked into it when your family is dysfunctional?
Why do so many names begin with J?
What do you think about herd mentality?
How can I completely destroy my whole life and be like you?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
Why do many people tend to judge a person by their past history and not by their present condition?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
What is the word/phrase in psychology for people who think that the world is as they perceive/see? ("koopamanduk" is the word in Hindi)
How often are you in touch with someone you are friends with compared to someone you are interested in romantically?
How has social media ruined our inner soul?
How is an Oedipus complex experienced with same-sex parents?
What is the best advice for sales?
Is it normal for an adult guy to hug a female friend every time he sees her?
How can I approach women if I have no interesting things to offer or to say?
Is it better to act like Ezio from Brotherhood or like Gandhi? What are the perceptions and advantages of either, including influence and likability?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
I hate all fields. What academic field is best for me?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
From the age of 13 up, do some people truly change? I believe a person doesn't change unless they want to.
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
What is a truth that nobody wants to admit or doesn't see?
Why do people care so much about being popular or unpopular on Quora when it's merely a platform for learning things and expressing opinions?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
Do gender differences exist in herd thinking?
Is it safe to assume that if more than 10% of women upvote a fellow woman's answer, the majority of women would agree with her, given the gender mismatch on Quora?
Why are people on stackoverflow so ridicules & offensive?
At what hour of the day is it socially acceptable to have your first beer?
Do passive aggressive narcissists ever own up to their failures?
Why do people only care about family not other peoples?
What will happen if a woman finds a random phone number of a guy?
Is trying to replicate other people's social quirks healthy?
Why do narcissists hurt the people who genuinely care so much about them?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
While there are many dangerous cults, are there any that are not dangerous?
How do cults convince people to give their stuff to the cult?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
How do I master intermittent reinforcement in order to control an individual?
What do people who care about the land-base need?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
Why are people so much harder on other people?
I grew up in a dysfunctional family, which kind of made me insecure about my upbringing. How to be more confident?
How can someone who's not "a success" associate with successful people, when successful people do not want unsuccessful people around them?
With regard to dating and relationships, what early investments can couples make in their relationship to strengthen it against the inevitable setbacks?
Why do I only care about people that I know are emotionally hurting?
What's something you're not good at that others think is important?
Why do we care so much about other's teeth health state?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
Will we buy more stuff simply because we have the space for it?
What is the difference between caring deeply for someone and having feelings for them? Aren't they very similar?
What is the first thing that comes to your head when you see this guy in the image?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
Why do people care so much about typos?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
What's the negative meaning of tit for tat?
Is there an area of study that focuses on the propagation, creation, and destruction of ideas in societies?
As a Christian, if people’s eternities are on the line, why should I care so much about my own security?
What makes someone nonreligious?
How can introverted, individualistic, slow-minded, less-stamina and deeply philosophical people survive in a massively chaotic country like India?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
How come ‘supermodel’ is even a thing?
What are the general principles to climb or destroy hierarchies? Are there any movie scene examples?
Why do many people never care about other’s feelings?
What are some unspoken social rules at school?
How do I learn new things without studying, practicing, reading, seeing, listening or experiencing?
Why do I feel extreme laziness and reluctance towards socializing?
Can a straight guy be jealous of a girl spending time with a gay guy?
When should you assert power over adapting to people's personalities?
Why does anyone care what others believe?
Why do people want to be associated with those in high social status even if it is not going to fetch them anything?
Who are famous social psychologists working on group behaviour/processes/dynamics at the moment?
Why do many people perceive 30 years old as old?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
My son thinks buying him running shoes will make him faster. How do I explain that they won't without hurting his feelings?
Why do people accelerate towards red lights? They don't get to their destination any faster by doing so.
How can technology help improve social climate in schools?
How can I develop a passion for learning deeply and for a longer time?
If people don't care about society, couldn't everyone in charge take over the world?
What makes one person funny and another not funny?
On the internet, every person is caring, sensitive, etc. If almost everyone on the internet is such an angel, where are those angels in the real world?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
You are handed a blank cheque and told to buy the thing you've always wanted no matter the cost. What do you buy?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Why does the idea of not living seem so good?
Can video games turn an extrovert into an introvert?
What is sexual corruption?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Why do people care about not hurting others feelings?
How do I deal with my inferiority complex?
How can I stop being intimidated by everybody?
How can I stop being passive, fatalist, and resigned at 22 years old?
What are some unspoken social rules and conduct that we have been following so far, and how will they change in the coming years?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
Is putting your hands on someone's shoulders a sign of affection?
How can you tell if a man is emotionally attached to you or if he just thinks you're pretty and enjoys your attention?
Why should social psychology be taught in school?
Do convulsions make people have psychological/social problems?
How is it possible for a smart girl living on welfare and in a trailer park to get to Harvard?
What should I do to get a girl out of my mind?
What if there is no meaning to life?
Everyone likes psychology. How do you know if it's a suitable career and more than just a natural curiosity?
Why are Indian people generally not reflective, introverted, individualistic, liberal, artistic, philosophical & respectful of others' private lives?
How do you know if you have intellectual chemistry with someone else?
Has it ever happened that you were backbiting about someone and he was just sitting behind you?
What are the best examples of the psychology of responsibility versus freedom?
When someone loses their will to live, does that mean they will die?
What psychological theory can be used to study social enterprises?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
What are some useful things to know about psychology?
Every spring, I feel sad for no apparent reason. What could be the reason, and what could I do about it?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
What are some examples of intimate touch?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
What subtle things do psychologists notice when speaking with someone that tips them off that the person is dishonest?
What are some other good ways to experience the magic of life similar to skydiving and zero gravity?
Why do so many people on Quora like to explain exactly how to do their type of business?
What do you do while people applaud you?
Is it possible to not have any hater?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
Why do people care about how others think about their richness?
As someone who is a classic introvert, how can I expand my social network?
What are some examples of a confident body language?
How can you stop feeling meaningless and worthless when you don't achieve something important?
Is it fair to say that gangs discriminate?
Do you think that most of the evil TV/movie characters are geminis or scorpios?
How about a day without technology every week?
I care more about my friends than school. Is this bad?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
How much time can an adaptation for living in the new country like the USA take?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
Is there a distinction between personality, individual differences, and group differences in experimental social psychology?
What should you never try in life?
When a guy asks you about spending time with another guy, does it mean he's interested in you?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differ?
In what language would a hypnotized bilingual/multilingual person speak?
Don't you really care about what others think or say about you?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Why are some people just popular?
Why might be a reason that I don't understand and/or care about gender?
Is there any contention between self-esteem and jealousy? If you watch a lot of TV shows about rich people, will it manipulate your self-esteem?
What are the common elements between a family and a business?
Why do people care so much about how much money other people make?
How do I start standing up for myself and not care about what others think?
Why do people care for their names?
What are best techniques for handling a difference of opinion?
What single action (done by me) can improve our world?
When deciding how much to care about someone, how much do you factor in how many other people care about them (aka if not enough people care)?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
What would be the best advice for someone who is being bullied in high school - fight back, ignore them, or tell the teachers?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
If a girl tells me to stop, should I?
Should I care what people think about my appearance?
What do we call the people who judge or knows a lot about someone?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
What do confident people understand that shy people don't get about people, conversations, and social interaction?
Why do people care so much about IQ scores?
Why do people obsess with other people, particularly people who aren't affiliated with them?
Why does society think that introverts don’t have lives?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
How can I control the seven billion people in the world especially rich and powerfull people?
Can histrionic personality disorder be cured?
What are the specific reasons for people's disgust with female body hair?
How do you know someone's true personality?
A few months ago my father passed away and I am 22 years old. I am the only income source but I have been unable to work since that day. What should I do?
Do most people have kids because of social pressure?
What makes watching TV shows like Frasier give you emotional comfort from painful loneliness?
Why does infant or child rape happen? What is the psychology behind this?
Why do a lot of people only care about themselves nowadays?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Is it possible to be a "nice guy" and not be passive aggressive about it?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
What does it mean to be low in affective empathy?
Does Deloitte care more about looks than qualifications?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
What behavior will make you feel that the other is well educated and well-bred?
What is "intimacy" in Maslow 's hierarchy of needs?
Do we always owe obedience to our parents even if they treat us bad in that moment?
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
Why do people only care about themselves nowadays?
Why do people act fake and want to follow the herd? If older people are experienced, why do they want us to follow the herd?
Why are there double standards here?
Why is so much attention given to drama?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
What is the psychology behind a person who is uncomfortable around you when she is alone but acts very friendly with you when she is with her friends?
Do feelings exist or are they just facial expressions?
Why do people care so much about rotten tomato reviews?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
Does increased herd thinking sometimes decrease search costs (in economics)?
Why is sex a big taboo in front of Indian parents?
What would be your psychological analysis of Light Yagami from Death Note?
Why am I not able to forget my ex-girlfriend?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
Can someone be overeducated?
What makes a character cool and lovable?
Does lack of social life harm intelligence?
How can I get rid of the feeling "what others will think of me" and "what others think of me"?
How can I stop letting what other people say about me bring me down?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
Why do people care about criminals?
How do I deal with a sociopathic bully?
What would you do if your manager tried to belittle you on your first day of work?
Where can one master brainwashing that’s online and free?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
How can someone be an extrovert when they have found out that they are an introvert? Is it really necessary to be an extrovert in order to get married?
Why do beautiful girls make me feel inadequate?
Why do people care about suicide?
Do females find males disgusting?
What's the psychology behind 'Jonestown'?
How did the evolution of bipedalism in humans affect the social organisation of Early Man?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
What is the psychological term that describes a person who compulsively blames others after taking help from them?
How do social psychology perspectives work?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
How do a boy and a girl hook up?
Why do women follow the herd mentality when choosing men?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
Is it hard to make money and take money out of the pockets of others?
What is the psychological cause behind daydreaming?
When was the last time someone tried to hit on you on Quora?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
Can being in a group influence your behavior / thinking?
What are the indications that a person is jealous of your intelligence?
Is it true that men over 20 almost never experience physical contact with another person during their regular day? Does it affect them?
How would society behave if sex weren’t a taboo?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
Why do people care about “family” and “friends”?
If I don't eat at all and go to my local gym six times a day, will I be very extremely thin in six months?
How do I overcome inferiority complex regarding my career?
What makes you nervous?
Why do we obsess over and idolise public figures and celebrities who will never actually care about who we are?
How can an INFP stop being passive?
What are the positive effects of being against bullying?
What are social skills and why are they important?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
As a guy, would you let a female friend just sit and play with your hair?
I’m embarrassed at school after a boy caught me hugging and kissing a woman painted on the wall. What should I do to restore my reputation?
Do you text your female friends every day or just the girl you're interested in?
How do I overcome feelings of inferiority around women due to lack of dating experience?
How do you deal with a passive-aggressive partner who seems to start arguments for no reason?
How can I stop being nervous, worried, and afraid in front of women?
What is something that needs to be said?
Does every parent love their second child more than their first child or is it just mine?
Why should or shouldn't prostitution be legalized?
What does it really mean when you're making out with a girl and she says something along the lines of 'tell me I'm pretty'? And is this common?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
If you consider manipulation as negative, Which cases do you think that persuasion would be a form of manipulation?
What can I do to make myself feel better about my body?
Isn’t confidence also the act of not caring what other people think or say about you and just doing what you want?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
Do selfish people really care about others or only about themselves?
What is bullying for?
What is something that you don't like to admit?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
Does China suffer a lot from the bystander effect?
How does one respond when people seem to project their inferiority complex on you?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
If shyness isn't a disability then why does it have to be overcome?
How can I get the favor of the superior rich and powerful people?
Why is it that we want the ones that don't see us instead of the ones that do?
What do you think about studying psychology at Oxford? Are there any opinions?
Why do people judge other people’s age?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
Would the child of a murder victim be able to visit their parent's killer in prison?
Which do people prefer - the first bench or last bench?
What makes people more inclined towards a certain ideology or philosophy?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
How can we apply Thibaut and Kelly's independence theory in living our lives?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
How do you measure social status?
What would be the way to become rich by using a time machine?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
Is it appropriate to ask the professor who I worked as a Lab Manager for a letter of recommendation?
How does an introvert overcome procrastination and laziness quickly?
Why would someone who has a very high IQ achieve nothing worthwhile in their life?
If you could only save one person, would you save someone of your own race or of other race?
How can I cultivate an aura of prestige?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
What do you think of Eric Barker's book Barking Up the Wrong Tree?
How can I eliminate my sensitivity?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
Why are some people not afraid of being judged by others?
I'm only 13 but honestly, what's the point of living?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
How have cults been started in the past and how could one start now?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
How can we help a person who have negativism inside them?
How can I take revenge on my teacher for taking my phone away and deliberately embarrassing me?
How do extroverts balance the need for interactions with others, with the need to be able to control some circumstances of their own activities?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
Do snakes exhibit any group behavior related to social hierarchies?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why is 30 years old considered old?
What is the psychology behind religion and why do intelligent people fall for it?
Why don't people care about my efforts?
Is using psychological findings to stimulate people doing as one's wish considered as manipulation?
What do you do if you are mad?
How can one control mob lynchings?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
Why do people think they'll find the answer to the nature of god and the afterlife on Quora?
What is the single most underrated trait a person can have?
Men, what attracts you to women, and why?
Why do people care so much about these arbitrary rules of language?
Why should humanity not vanish? Why are humans so egotistical and self-centred? Are humans altruistic by nature? Can any species ever be altruistic?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
What are the "social processes" in social psychology?
How do you convince extroverts that you're an introvert and need time alone without being judged harshly?
I need help. I'm losing myself. I can't open up to anyone. I've completely withdrawn myself from the world. What's going on?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
What is the biggest lie you know that is almost universally accepted as truth?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What are some examples of social psychology perspectives?
How can we combat the 'bystander effect'?
Is Christianity getting more popular in the west?
What are the three most important things that most Americans don't understand about how the rest of the world views us?
How do you repay someone who always wants to help you but refuses to let you help them in return?
How can I stop being a needy person?
Why don't strangers smile, say "hello," and acknowledge each other anymore?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
Why do ex's move on faster by getting into another relationship?
How can I impress other people?
What are the behaviors of strong people?
Do you consider yourself naive?
Can you fix a broken person?
If someone is irritable, getting only up to three hours of sleep a night, and jumps from topic to topic when talking, what could be wrong?
Which is worse, verbal or physical abuse?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
How you fight bullying in schools?
What do you hear about all the time on the internet but have yet to encounter in real life?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
What was the most shocking incident you have seen in the airport?
Do you think being introvert is bad?
Do people care about men's issues?
Does the increased presence of digital monopolies (Amazon, Facebook, Google, etc) increase herd-based thinking?
If gender is a social construct, is it a harmful or beneficial one?
Why does a passive-aggressive partner stonewall for weeks on end?
What are the levels of social status?
Can anyone say about evolution and parental care?
What's the difference in a passive-aggressive relationship and a narcissistic one?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
What do you do when a lot of people are taking pictures of you for some reason you aren't aware of and it happens almost everyday? (around school)
Why do people have the passive behavior?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
What makes the character Deadpool so lovable?
Why would my aunt want to speak to every single person in my family to tell them that my cousin has bought a car?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
How does an introverted, shy and highly sensitive guy do acting?
Could you get access to closed places and events if you just play very confident and important?
What effects do the GOTG, LEGO and Flash (TV) series, which utilizes extensive references to other pop media, tries to have on their audience?
Why do people care so much about the emancipation proclamation?
Why do some people need to tell a lie just to brag?
How can I defend myself when people at the place I volunteer are trying to block my performance and stonewalling me?
How can a girl know if a person is a bad person?
How many types of stupidity are there?
What's the most challenging thing as an empath or simply as someone who is highly sensitive?
Why are social rules formulated?
Why do people always have opinions about other’s life?
Is making fun of somebody worse than hurting them physically?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
What makes someone a twinky?
Why is it that when one has an abnormal IQ, their social and psychological behavior is irregular?
How am I able to read people so well without knowing it or trying to?
Do you think that people can be put on a spectrum going from absolute good to pure evil? Why?
Why do people talk more about you in their mind than in person?
Why is it considered good that people don't care about you if you aren't a celebrity or any other famous person?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why do people try to eat peppers that are at least 1 million Scovilles?
Why does everyone hate me?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
I honestly don't care at all what anyone thinks about me. Why do people care so much about how they are perceived?
Why do I become irritated after a day of social interaction?
How can the need for CEO’s or owners to own something vs to rent it (IT infrastructure) be described or explained in psychological terms?
How do I stop caring about how I appear (personality-wise)/what others think about me?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do scientists explain that some people don't care about reading spoilers on the Internet?
What are you doing to help other people? (It can be any type of help, to anyone.)
How do I overcome emotional bullies in college?
Why should we invest our time and energy for friendships?
Should I be offended if people who are not African make jokes about how stupid Africans are?
Does curiosity decrease proneness to herd thinking?
Why is it bad to eavesdrop when you can realise the true intentions of the person and their true character?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
Why is it that the more we care, the more we get hurt by people?
How can I control all the people in the world?
How do you get to where, you don't care what other people think?
Why does it seem like life is getting harder in every man made institutionalized system in the west?
How can I not care about what others think about me, when I have to coexist with those people on a daily basis?
Are emotions and IQ inversely proportional to each other?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Does doing Engineering in India mean following the herd? (Read the description.)
Was this foot/leg pointing done for attention?
India does not care about its own slums. Why does India say that India cares about the standards of living of the people in Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
What do you consider good progress in society ?
What would happen to the world if the emotion of fear suddenly disappeared?
Did human society make females overly care about their looks and not care about judgements?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
What is lack of conformity?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What is it to waste life? I feel I am wasting mine. What should I do?
If humans need social interaction to live is harmful interaction still good?
How much reciprocity is necessary to sustain, regenerate, and create an abundant life source?
Why are some people so callous to others?
What are good examples of unique customs that highlight universal truths of social behavior?
Is passive-aggressive behavior a trait of covert narcissism?
How can I endure a lot of pressure and stress from work and life?
Is it possible to genuinely and wholeheartedly not care about what others say?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Why do some people criticize other people for mourning about an incident and not mourning about countless others around the world?
I love a girl but don’t have the courage to tell her. How can I get over my emotions and forget her?
What makes a person spend their money?
How do I remove inferiority complex about my country?
How can I eradicate myself from this world?
Why don't people care that Hitler was trying to fix the economy and help people?
Do you think introverts actually want to be extroverts?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
Are there any good boys or co-ed schools in Darjeeling and Siliguri that provide sociology and psychology for humanities?
Why can't we treat both genders the same?
Why do some Quorans answer as if they are the perfect human beings with all the values? Are they being true to themselves when they do that?
Is it more psychologically damaging if a child grows up with a father who is emotionally absent and abusive rather than growing up without a father?
Do sensitive people have trouble being persuasive and/or direct?
What are the differences between editions of the Social Animal by Eliot Aronson?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
Why do only married women are supposed to have identifying symbols and not married men?
How do you characterize negative and positive peer pressure?
Why do people often try to parent other people's children?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
Are there social rules that should be amended?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
Why do people care so much about their beauty?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
At what age does it become socially acceptable for a guy to dine alone at a restaurant?
Is bullying beneficial?
My girlfriend doesn't have friends. How should I deal with it?
Since when do you not care about whether your partner is pretty enough for you?
Are more people passive aggressive in the service professions?
Is it weird that I developed the habit of telling myself what others think of me, even though I don't care about people?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
Why do humans want to dominate their fellow beings?
Do people with low self esteem and insecurities become targets?
Why do some people find high social status attractive?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
Is it true that people are not born evil, they are made evil?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differentiate?
Has Quora become the home of introverts?
What is the best way to charm a person who is being passive aggressive?
A colleague kept belittling me in meetings. He gets angry when I give a different opinion & start shouting in front of everyone. Is this normal?
What should I do if I care for others and they do not care for me?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
How can I improve in my interactions with children?
How can I pretend that I care about other people?
When should I care what people think about me?
How do I cope with school when all students choose their friends based on others’ status (rich, naughty, poor, nerd)?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
Do you recognize the cheapness or are you critical of many types of group dynamics?
Why do some people love everything related with knowledge and other people really don't care?
Some people say that leaving someone in solitary is the worst form of torture, but would it be so bad for someone who enjoys being alone?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
What are the first five things that come to your mind when you think about the following - terror, faith, culture, history and power?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
How do I think faster than and different from you?
What's something people have belittled you for caring about?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
I'm 18 and haven't had a girlfriend, what should I do?
Where, when and why did the custom begin of removing price tags before gifting merchandise?
A girl told me that she had a boyfriend, and then the next day she told me she was just kidding. What was that all about? It was kind of random.
Does knowing social psychology gives you an advantage?
Why aren't we mad at the specific people involved in the United Flight 3411 incident (man forcibly removed from overbooked flight)?
When a man touches a girls toes, is it a little version of intimacy?
Why are extroverts more rewarded?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
Is the dislike of small talk a sign of high intelligence?
What are signs that a lady is willing to share her bed with you?
What is social distance?
What is the classiest way a woman has relayed she wants to have sex with you?
Why do humans have a social conscience? Is there a natural instinct that drives us to care about others?
Does a guy ever think about how much trust a woman has in him? What situations make you think about how much she trusts you?
How can you tell if a girl is insecure about herself around a certain person?
How can you tell if a guy is actually enjoying spending time with you or if he's just humoring you to be nice?
Could the reason that I unknowingly get close to and in relationships with females that have mental illnesses be that I have a mental illness myself?
What makes someone a layperson?
Why does sharing a song you like with someone feel intimate?
What was lacking or excessive in how your parents raised you and how does it affect you today?
If you accuse someone and he or she reacts with a surprised smile, does that mean you are right?
What does it mean when a guy texts you regularly in the evening and the morning?
Why are people so easily offended by anything?
If I start to go on my treadmill five times a day as well as not eat and drink at all, will I be skeleton-like in three months?
How would a nationalist extremist group who idolized their nation's head of state responds if said leader denounced them?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
What does it mean when you start to lose interest after the guy you like starts to show interest?
Is it ok that I don't have any self-respect at all? What should I do in this case?
Should I ask my former master's advisor for a letter of recommendation if he is no longer in academia?
Why do men get emotional when they receive a surprise gift from a female friend?
Why do I like to go from zero to one hundred?
Are humans really socially intelligent yet?
Is passive aggressive behavior a major characteristic of covert narcissism?
How do I get strong body and personality for menial labour jobs?
Should someone admit that he/she is an introvert?
If a male friend starts overanalyzing your questions, does he like you? Especially if this was a change from his norm?
What do you think of people who constantly apologize?
What questions can drive a conversation towards a specific goal? What goal and why does this work?
How can I stop doing what I think other people would like me to do?
How can I get rid of the victim mentality that I have since childhood?
Can we wear pink formal shirts in America?
Have you ever received a really thoughtful gift from someone of the opposite sex?
How would a man describe the feeling of being protective of a girl?
What's the psychology behind certain people liking pop music because it's popular and other people disliking pop music because it's popular?
Who actually does not care what people think?
When I hang out with one of my male friends, he frequently sits with his right hand crossed to his left upper thigh. Is that how men hide erections?
Be yourself and don't care what others think. Is it a bad advice?
Why do people think I care when I say "I don't care"?
What is the most universal sign of good will?
How do you do more than just show tolerance to others who are different from you?
Why do people feel so desperate to say that they love their families before dying?
What do people often get wrong about social interactions?
Who actually cares about the Kashmiris?
I always feel nostalgic. How do I get rid of this soon?
How do I forgive myself for attacking my younger brother?
How do I make friends with ants?
Why do people love to boast about stuff no one cares about?
We say that we don't care what others think of us, but isn't everything we do for others?
Can someone make my number restricted?
Am I the only one who experiences more sexism from other women than just guys?
Why do movies show psychopaths as dangerous and serial killers?
How does an intern ask to be transferred to another team as he is currently not happy with the work he is doing?
What does it mean when a guy sends you a photo of his outfit or new haircut?
What is your favourite personality typing system? And how do you use it?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
Do young people care about preserving cultural identity as much as older people?
How would you deal with someone using a communication misunderstanding to spread a rumor that you are mentally ill?
How can I respond to a passive aggressive person?
What was the last lie you told, and why did you decide to lie?
Do bullying happens in Pakistani schools?
Why is it that many times a person dislikes a song at first, but after repeated exposure, they begin to enjoy it?
How many people would rejoice if you died?
Why do people not care what others think about them?
What causes hybristophilia?
Why do people worry so much about other people's opinion of themselves?
How do guys feel when a girl puts her head on their chest when she hugs them?
How can I go from the most socially awkward person at a very small school to a very forgettable unnoticeable one?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
What is the psychological profile of a bully?
Do you think what other people care about and do not care about actually matters as if it's important?
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
How drastically different would the world be, if the original designers of the internet had established it in such a way, making anonymity impossible?
Why is it that when we tell a few people about our plans, they never come true?
How do I get rid of my shyness and social anxiety in one year?
Is there a psychological explanation as to why some people find mixed-blooded individuals highly attractive?
On a class trip, at night I am scared that one of my classmates will steal from me or hurt me during my sleep. What can I do?
What should I do if people don't respect me and exploit me?
What can you say to comfort someone who broke a bone and won't be able to do physical activity for a year?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
What is the science behind successful social interactions?
What does it mean when a girl says, "Yeah, you’re cute, but can I learn from you?" to a guy?
What startup ideas do people simply not care about?
What should you prefer? Loneliness or trying to run after people who don't seem to care about you?
Guys, would you ever take your platonic female friend on the back of your motorcycle with you?
How do you start a texting conversation with someone you're interested in?
What does it mean when a guy starts sending you music he likes?
What questions might you ask if you are concerned that a client might be in a crisis situation and at risk of committing suicide?
How out of touch is Pepsi management after such a tone deaf commercial?
Does someone who never experienced a certain type of adversity able to emotionally empathize with the victims of that adversity?
Since I was 7, I needed to be too disciplined and too serious to survive abuse. Now that I don’t have this problem anymore, I am still too serious and can't enjoy having fun. What should I do?
When a woman puts herself in a vulnerable situation with a guy, does he perceive her trust?
Why do some people care too much about their self image while others don't?
Why do guys send girls photos of things? Is he trying to impress me?
Why does it feel like the Quora readers are my family and it feels right and good to express myself with them more than my actual family?
If one is honest, is he also authentic?
What is the difference between being social as opposed to being intelligent?
Why do 3rd world country people care so much about stealing?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
How do I make myself brave? How can I motivate myself to work hard?
How do I reduce or stop ass sweat?
How can I build up a social life? I work 7/7 and I am studying to become a pilot one day.
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
How do I stop being so socially awkward and win love?
What is the difference between social psychology and counseling psychology?
How can you tell the difference between platonic touch and intimate touch?
How do we control how people treat us?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
What are some cooking knowledge and advice that isn't common?
Can one remain unsocial in a group?
How can you tell the difference between friendly and intimate touch?
Are there any conclusive experiments to prove that criminal behaviour arises only due to social conditions?
Would it be beneficial if, on a global scale, the illusion of separation was accepted and acknowledged?
Can psychology explain social change?
What pain are you willing to endure?
Why do I care a lot about others?
If "loading" someone were possible, how would someone do this?
Why do people care more about adopting animals than kids?
How do you defeat a passive-aggressive opponent?
What do you do when your wristwatch gets broken?
What can I do to overcome my stutter as I am very nervous and shy to the point when in the past I had avoided social interactions outside of school?
Should I care what others think about raising my son to respect women?
Are people kind?
How do ISFJs believe they are perceived by others?
How can I start letting myself have real relationships with people again?
Why is multiculturalism good?
What must be the reason that I don't get approached?
My mother is engaged to someone she met less than six weeks ago; the wedding will take place in less than two months. What advice should I give her?
Is it possible for someone who has social phobia to also display sociopathic tendencies?
If a train was headed towards five people, but you could make it go towards two people, what would you do?
Why do the people that care about me call me a good person when I know I am not?
What are some reasons a guy would go quiet after a great time together? He was the one who kept stretching the evening longer, why has he gone quiet?
What does it mean when a guy starts to seek your approval? What does it mean when he tries to get you to like what he likes?
In a democratic system, does everyone's voice have the same weight?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
How can I respect conservatives when they go against everything I believe is right? I believe in socialism. I'm pro cannabis, pro LGBT, and pro choice.
What does it mean when you convince yourself that objects need you?
Why do you care about what others think of you and your legacy?
What goes on in the minds of elderly people when girls bring their male friends into their rented home?
How can I be true around women and stop being too nice and passive?
Are genius people socially awkward?
How can I change my brat nephew?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
What makes someone seductive?
What's the attitude men are attracted to the most when they flirt with female sex workers, submissive or dominant?
How do you get over a highly accomplished ex?
Guys, why would you ask a girl to go to yoga class with you?
Why is everyone in my family so uncomfortable with any form of expressing emotions?
Is it accurate to say lying is a part of social interaction?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
Why do some guys treat girls like they are young?
Why does this girl at school ignore people?
Can you tell my personality by the type of music I enjoy?
If you had to say something in general to/for Indian girls, what would it be?
Why does the saying “familiarity breeds contempt” come true almost always?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? I understand it’s a bid for connection, but he does it all the time. Why?
Why do people care how others squander their money?
Why do humans seek social acceptance?
Do people really care what happens to them when they pass?
Does Tori Guy enjoy being a bumpkin?
How do you describe the trust in a relationship where there is unspoken approval?
On which social networking platform do people care about others' profile the most?
Is it true that being poor brings inferiority complex?
Are there documented cases of empath extroverts?
What if people actually said what they felt about others?
Will people dislike me if I'm not very self confident?
Dan Bilzerian and George Clooney are both playboys but one feels different from the other. How does Clooney do it?
Why can’t I live without being addicted to something?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
Why do people want to know about a thing even if they don’t care?
Why does a man feel vulnerable when a woman surprises him with a gift?
Is rebooting a cable modem a sort of homeopathy for lost internet connections?
What does it mean when a guy is frequently pushing things into your lap, throwing things at you, or messes with stuff you're using? Why do guys do it?
How can (or can't) you trust the Church when it asks believers to blindly trust its judgement more than their own conscience/reason?
Why should one empathize and sympathize for the lazy, unhealthy, ill, and uneducated? What do we do after curing them?
Can someone be deprived of physical (platonic) intimacy with others? If so, how would "touch deprivation" be treated?
How can I care less about others' judgments of me?
Why do people care what other people think?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
How can I tell where other people's perceptions start and my reality begins, e.g. if multiple viewpoints/opinions from other (random) people match up?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
How can I overcome shyness in front of people?
What are schemas in social psychology?
Why do children not care about what other people think of them, and what makes them change when they grow up?
Can you give me advice on my dating life—it's complicated?
How do parents deal with their passive-aggressive children?
Have you ever felt an inferiority complex in MBA colleges like IIM, XLRI, or SP Jain where people around you were just better and smarter than you?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
What are some superheros that don't care what others think?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
Why does everybody not think highly of me?
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
Is showing being a victim a way of getting favour? What is the victim card?
What serious repercussions can come from leaving a passive-aggressive note on a car that was terribly parked?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
How do I research people’s behavior for psychology?
My inferiority complex is becoming extremely harmful, how do I overcome it?
Is it normal that I dislike most people my age?
How can participants benefit from diary studies?
What are the best ways to become a catalyst to society dismantling leading to anarchy?
What do we learn from research in social psychology?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
How can I have a trivial conversation?
When people in your country talk about "salary" or "how much you earn" in daily life, do they include the tax in the amount?
When there are questions about God and Christianity here in Quora, why do atheists flock and answer?
I can't believe other people. What should I do to overcome it?
Why do I care so much about life and people?
What kind of flawed thinking is it when someone says, "I'll get a lot of customers once I advertise on #### website"?
How do psychologists and sociologists view social issues (e.g. crime, violence, conflict or terrorism) differently?
Would you prefer to smile on a bicycle or cry in a BMW?
How do I escape social awkwardness?
What is being mature for a 22-year-old man?
Why do people only care about social issues?
"Every relationship has a limit. When that limit is reached it becomes fake." Is that true?
What do you think about this belief: people's self-worth is high or low based on their social class?
Why do people care about my acne?
Why do human beings have a duty to obey the law?
How does a person come to behave in a passive aggressive manner?
Are there lots of people who are unadapted to living in modern complex societies?
Should you tell someone close to you, everything that happens to you?
Do bipolar care about what others think about them? Do they hate being judged negatively?
How would you deal with passive aggressive and "two faced" co-workers in a professional work environment?
What is social psychology? What exactly is the work of a social psychologist?
Is giving random applause to bad drivers considered passive aggressive?
Why do we as people only care when someone in the first class dies? People don't care when people in a poor country get killed?
Do survivors of traumatic stress feel more or less empathy for other survivors than they would as a non-victim?
What do I do when my friends don't want to watch a movie that isn't from Hollywood?
What are some of the situations where people used reverse psychology to their aid?
For someone not used to the city life, what things should I keep in mind while socializing with others?
One guy is super smart but is an asshole. The other guy is dumb as a rock but nice as hell. Which one would you sit next to in class and befriend?
What is the difference among stress tolerance, stress resistance and stress resiliency of humans?
What makes you like someone?
Is it ethical to attempt to change the beliefs of a closed-minded individual?
How can I overcome inferiority complex and self-consciousness?
Why do people react violently when a person doesn't follow the social norms?
How does an Indian man tamper with a woman's self-esteem?
If you were to design the algo of automated cars, when it was unavoidable to hit one of two cyclists, one with a helmet and one without, what would the car do?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
How does social media affect the brain?
How can I judge people from their behaviour?
What are three things every person wants?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
Why are they making fun of depression?
Should I feel bad about being somewhat passive aggressive towards my brother?
What do I do with a passive-aggressive wife?
Do people care that I don't have that many friends?
Why doesn't someone make an affordable .405 WCF?
How can you tell if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
What is the psychology behind associating cigarettes with art?
How can you tell if a guy is using sexual innuendos because he sees you as a "bro" or if he's trying to gauge your interest in having sex with him?
Why is looking in the eye so important and uncomfortable?
What percentage of people practicing any religion are true believers and not following it as a ritual out of fear of being ostracized or victimized?
Why do people use the "I don’t want this to ruin our friendship" excuse when they decide not to date a friend?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
Why is it so difficult to find academic or medical sources of the criteria distinguishing shyness from social anxiety and vice versa?
Why are farts socially unacceptable?
I'm surrounded by limited thinking and lazy people. I've become one as well. How do I get out of this situation?
Why doesn't the Adverse Childhood Experiences test include childhood bullying from peers?
What is not caring what others think in a good way?
Are there psychology summer research programs for seniors and college graduates?
How do you make someone have a crush on you?
Is it possible for a man and a woman who are attracted to each other to be just friends?
Do you remember when you were young and had a "thing" with a guy or girl you were interested in? What do we call that situation as adults?
Do people not care that our resources are being depleted?
Do people pretend not to care when they actually do?
Why is it hard to use proper English like others?
What is the best school for a PhD in social psychology?
What is the black bloc?
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
What is more important, how the creating force of this time-space judges you, or how your contemporaries do?
Do you think he meant this comment as an insult?
Do we humans treat inhumanity as a freedom?
Psychologically, do people prefer to see smaller numbers go up (1,2,3…40) or larger numbers (1000, 2000, 3000…40000)?
Can I marry five women if I love all of them equally and am wealthy enough to take care of them?
Does not wanting to hit a girl make me sexist?
In what countries do people care the least about people in other countries?
If you could take your pick on how to kill your most hated enemy, how would you do it? (provide context as needed)
Why is it that international PhD students hardly mix with white American PhD students in the soft sciences programs with a white majority?
Why do people fight you when you are providing evidence to show where they are thinking about something incorrectly?
How can people accept to express their own choices, take responsibility for them and stop looking for validation?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? Friends do this occasionally when it’s funny, but he does it all the time.
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
What's the real meaning of the psychology word?
How do I keep a sequence of day-to-day events or example sequences of movies in mind?
What is the Unicorn Effect?
If you are a person whose friend committed suicide in the past, how do you feel now?
What type of men do women like?
Are "invisible friends" as unique to the US as koro to Japan, thus being culture-specific syndrome?
According to social psychology, does human nature change?
Why would a guy ask a girl to go to yoga with him?
Why don't some people respect the time of others?
Is it good that I force myself to talk when I have no desire to speak at all?
Why do people care so much about material things?
Do unkind people also contribute to the world?
Why do guys playfully push and throw things at girls even as adults?
What would happen if you had no pulse?
What is the reason behind social comparison, especially over social media platforms? How can one overcome the need to compare?
Are people with similar “world views” drawn to each other?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
What are ways to find myself again?
How would a man describe feeling protective of a girl?
Does an increased level of aggregate compassion among a population lead to decline in productivity? Is there a social/economic theory linked to this?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because my parents told me to?
Where does the complex of inferiority come from?
How can I shake off my sensitivity?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to travel with him?
Do you believe, in this culture of "whoever cares the least wins," you should be brave enough to be the person who gives a damn?
Why do difficult people have to make things so complicated/burdensome? How do you deal with these types of people?
What are the qualities that makes someone pragmatic?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
How can you get on with someone so well in real life but get ignored on Facebook?
Do you feel like texting someone right before you fall asleep is intimate? Why does this feel so significant to some people?
What makes someone a household name?
Why do some guys fall in love with their female best friend while others don't?
What do you think about The Psychopath's Bible?
I’m ugly I like the cute girl but she doesn't like me, but there's a not my type girl who likes me, should I just go with her to not be alone forever?
Why does it make me sad when I find out actors who play fictional characters differ from their roles?
What does it mean when a guy starts calling you a cute nickname to try to get you to smile when you're sad?
What do you do when your significant other is being passive-aggressive?
What's wrong with society nowadays?
Should I turn in the same work?
Why do I instinctively feel hostile toward obese people?
Why do intelligent and financially stable people not want kids?
When men feel an emotional connection with a woman, do they usually want to be sexual with her too?
Do you ever feel like you know for sure the emotionally unavailable man cares about you?
Philosophically, why should we care about the oppression of people by their governments and ideologies?
What are the simple ways not to allow others negatives vibes to affect you?
How can I stop being jealous to people, who had luck?
What does your average 31 year old guy think about spending time with a 22 year old girl?
Why should people care about LGBTQ rights in other countries?
Do most societies view introversion as inferior or as a weakness? Why or why not?
Should you 'just be yourself' if you are a bad person? Or should you change to suit others?
How do social and personality psychology differ?
Why do people often misrepresent themselves (unintentionally) on their social networking profiles?
What does it mean when a guy calls you a special pet name when he's trying to make you happy?
What can you do when you start to fall out of caring for someone?
Does a lack of response mean “request denied”?
Why do I always care about others' views of me?
How do I become a professional conversationalist*? I need a course on conversation skills. How does the addition of a course in a university work?
How does one practice being patient with other people?
Do girls hate introverts?
Are personal conflict and inter-group conflict the same?
Can one, in a way, say psychologically manipulative people can't distinguish their impulses from reality?
Should I date a girl who I'm not attracted to, just because the girls that I'm attracted to aren't attracted to me, so I'm not alone forever?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
How can we identify thieves’ body language?
Is it impossible to live the life that I've always wanted?
How do you deal with a friend with passive-aggressive behaviour?
In what countries do people not care about a politician’s marital status?
Why do I feel the need to protect others from injustice?
Why do some people prefer emotional exuberance than intelligence?
How can someone stop pretending to be someone he is not at 23 years old?
Why are the fans of every sport in Europe more fanatical than the ones in the USA are?
Is the "I'll show you you're wrong" mindset/attitude the same as caring what other people think of you?
Were you a bully in school?
What is the difference between low self-esteem and inferiority complex?
How do I become the dirtiest manipulator and liar?
Are social dynamics complex?
What was your highest view count in one day, and how do you explain the reason that the subject of that most viral answer was so popular to so many?
If you said thank you to someone over the phone who'd just answered your question and they simply hung up, would you be offended?
What is the best way for an extrovert to handle/deal with situations where people are not interested in socializing? (I'm an extrovert.)
I dated a woman at work for a few months, and then she reunited with her kid's father. How do I stop torturing myself and end my feelings for her?
How do I deal with passive aggressive coworkers?
This girl confessed to emailing me under a fake name. Should I keep her confession private?
What is the moral consequence of not helping family member in need?
Have you ever witnessed a woman being derogatory towards another woman for wearing a red dress?
Why do we seek validation from worthless people?
How does it make guys feel when a girl says "I would feel safer if you were with me"?
Why is it illegal to abandon an animal, such as a dog or a horse, but not a human being?
How different would the world be if we were limited to speak only 500 words per day?
What is the work of an organisational psychologist? What is the difference between organisational psychology and social psychology? Which one has more scope?
What draws people to xenonationalism?
Why are some of the most beautiful and best things in life underappreciated or underrated?
Why do we care so much about being judged on what we wear in public?
What does it mean when a guy points out every time you do/say something that makes him smile?
Which ideas of social psychology do the educational system need to grasp?
Is the experience of social chemistry with another person ever one sided?
Why is social acceptance important?
If a guy starts pointing out all of the things you do or say that make him smile, is that a sign of emotional attachment?
How does one resolve the conflict between being oneself and being what others want one to be?
What should a person do if they develop inferiority complex even with slightest failure?
What is the self-social psychology?
How do I stop caring about what others think and say?
As a manager, what is a good response when people say you have an easy job or joke about how you "do nothing all day"?
Have you noticed that when people ask if they should give someone in their life another chance, the resounding answer is almost always no?
Should I tell my classmates about this opportunity even if it means i'll be indirectly telling my enemy about it?
What are some experiences of people changing personality in a complete 180?
What are the psychological and emotional effects of undersocialization during adolescence (13-19 years old)?
Do people inherently fear or distrust someone who identifies as a nihilist?
She likes to have large circle of male friends. I hate it when this extrovert girl acts silly around them now. What should I do?
How can I start to sense and understand people's perception of me?
Why do some people enjoy bullying?
Will I grow out of being socially awkward as a socially awkward teenager?
What do you think of people who march to the beat of their own drum?
Why is it so hard to tell someone they are doing something that hurts your feelings?
Why are white women considered to be the most attractive?
What can we do to make people care about the environment on a scale that would actually lead to change?
What makes certain genes dominant?
Why do I always care about other people’s views of myself?
How can I understand how people perceive me?
Why do people care about their careers?
Do you believe, in this culture of whoever cares the least wins, that you should be brave enough to be the only person who gives a damn?
What are you strangely thankful for?
What makes us argue so heatedly over things we know little about?
How can you start not caring about other people's social life?
Why do men feel shame about being wrong? How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed?
As you moved from your 20s into your 30s, did you find yourself less interested in making/keeping female friends?
Is the theory of constructed emotion commonly believed among psychologists? Is it better supported by evidence than competing theories?
Is it wrong to not care about other people?
How should I stop having the habit of ignoring people?
How can I take revenge on somebody at school for stealing my phone for fun?
How do you know if you should give someone another chance in your life?
Is it bad to pretend you're someone else?
Do people care if their friends are selfish?
If you want to set up a social group how would you find people?
What do you do when someone says you have hurt their feelings and they are starting not to care?
Is it unnecessary to try being extrovert, or is it the need to socialize?
Do you feel that the "pun" in this video is because of the way she's dancing in public, what she's wearing, or a combination of both?
Are there any secure facilities in the UK to care for people with dementia who are dangerous to other patients?
How can I stop pretending that I don't care about people or anything, because I actually do care?
Have you ever realized you had a really sturdy, trusting relationship by accident with a friend of the opposite sex?
Why do people care about white washing?
Which countries in the world have the highest levels of social mobility?
Are we sharing our happiness or seeking approval?
Is selfishness self-made or inflicted upon one by others?
My 2017 boards exam had gone bad. I'm under immense pressure. What should I do to relieve myself from this trauma?
What does your branch of Buddhism believe of homosexuality?
Have you ever had a real-life "What Would You Do?" (ABC TV show) moment? If so, what did you do and were you pleased or disappointed with your response?
Are you socially awkward? Why?
Do people actually care about their loved ones?
Why do people force themselves to purchase a newer smartphone despite the old one still works perfectly fine?
Does anyone actually want, or like, to be a bad person?
Why do so many people not care about real knowledge?
Why do people think so much about others?
How can you make the difference and make an Instagram girl with thousands of followers to reply your message and ultimately get to know you?
How do I avoid people without appearing rude?
Why do some men go silent and disappear for a few days when they realize they are wrong?
How can I get over my obsessive thoughts that I need to be famous in order to have a "good and meaningful" life?
What disorder includes someone who must be right and is too honest, hyperfocused, high-energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, logical, and insistent on perfection?
Why don't I care what others think, yet I still get nervous about talking to people?
Is it normal for people that know me to not greet me?
How do I deal with discouraging people?
What are memes and themes and what do you know about them?
Should I tell the theater teacher about how much they negatively affected my life, for closure?
How far would you go if someone call you names?
What is the difference between interfering in someone's personal life vs caring for them?
How do you know if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Is it possible to completely understand how people feel in specific situations without being able to relate to them?
How do I get over my ex boyfriend's new relationship?
Do I need to seek psychological or medical help or am I overreacting? If I do need help, how can I cure myself?
Can a person opt into more than 1 stream of psychology? How much can we earn in counselling, organisational psychology, and social psychology?
Why do I care so much about my impression?
Why do political parties usually care more about their survival than doing what’s best for society?
How much do you care about self-fulfillment instead of supporting other people besides yourself?
What kind of things should you avoid revealing about yourself to people?
What are some things that only happen in (the state of) Georgia?
Do people outside of STEM careers care about doing interesting work at their job?
In group dynamics, how would you stop a leader who uses the group's fear to control it?
How can I psychoanalyse other people?
What is the purpose of someone telling you that things you have done or said made them smile?
What makes someone European?
What is the definition of a "real man" in the Western World?
I am looking for the name of a historical woman who carried sick newborns around and their health improved dramatically. Do you know her name?
What would make a woman repeatedly fall for men she can't realistically be with?
How would you describe a complainer?
Why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on power lines?
Why do some people enjoy living vicariously through games like Sims, shows/movies, celebrities instead of living life & attempt to do what they like?
What is the psychology behind worshipping a hero/strong man?
Is it good to work in silence and not care about what people explicitly notice?
What should be done when you get to know that your 13-year-old brother not only watches porn but stimulates this idea within his friends?
Is Rabia Kapoor actually an introvert?
Why don’t people care about the homeless?
How do I overcome the uncomfortable feeling when it comes to asking for help?
Why most of them speak about others?
Is crime good for society?
How can a girl with a high income be with a boy with a low income?
Should people with personality disorders be held responsible for their behavior?
How do I choose the right people who can work as a team and who care about the team/company, not people who care about their own success and desires?
How far you now from yourself? And what's make you "you"?
What does someone look like when they are confident about themselves?
How can I be less reserved, when getting to know people and be more spontaneous?
Does facing adversity make you more sensitive to the suffering of others?
Seen from the point of view of the spiritually awakened, what is the Matrix?
Why do right wingers think people are insulted by being called Social Justice Warriors?
What am I frustrated and angry at?
How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed about being associated with being wrong?
What do you think would happen if someone lived with little to no contact with people starting after the age of 18?
What is the greatest persuasion tactic to use?
What are the most noticeable things that people living under oppressive regimes don't know they are missing?
What is the difference between a flirty compliment and sexual harassment?
How do you cope when you realize you need to stop caring for someone so much?
Why are most arguments against suicide ultimately an appeal to sentiment or social construct?
How will the radical lack of privacy affect people and public life in the future?
Can you help me become less awkward and socially anxious at school? I have trouble relating to the other guys.
How do I earn respect in my daily life?
How does being the President of the United States change one? We can see the physical changes but I wonder if this makes them better people?
Do people with exaggerated patriotism suffer mostly from superiority or inferiority complex?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
How can I overcome the fear of being vulnerable?
What is it that stops us from becoming what we want?
Is success in show business based mostly on luck and connections?
Do Koreans have an inferiority complex?
How did Hitler go from socially awkward to a persuasive speaker and leader?
What are the levels of approach from human relationships, speaking of psychological factors and sociological interactions?
I'm an introvert, and see social interaction as tiring, and sometimes, a waste of time. How do I enjoy social interaction more?
What is the likelihood that a guy would ask a girl to go with him to his yoga class just because he loves yoga?
What are reasons a person would not be courteous enough to move out of the direct path of an individual?
How do I know I'm not wasting time when socializing?
What is the best book on maintaining a social life?
What are your observations about the psychology of "Flat Earth" believers?
What is the most optimal school class size for the different age groups?
What are some reasons a man would avoid eye contact with you?
In which fields is social psychology used, and how?
Do you ever use a pet name for a female friend?
Do creative artists get too much credit and the inherited tools they use too little credit?
Why do some communities evoke the supernatural to make sense of morality?
What are some subtle things people do/say and strategies they use to undermine you and put you down in social situations and interactions?
Should I be offended if someone doesn't feel comfortable with me because I am not a 'visible' person of color?
Why should I care about people when they don't care about me anyways?
Why do people care about their partner's sexual history?
Which people have the highest social status among our society?
Are people who keep talking about how busy they are, really actually all that busy?
How do you categorize the relationship with a man who does one thing and says another?
Do you need to care about other people as a student?
Why do people use the phrase "that made me smile"? Is that a bid for connection?
Why are people in Zürich so arogant and less social?
Recently I've been opposed to even the slightest touch of human contact (even by my close friends) and I'm kind of worried for myself. What should I do?
Have you ever had someone in your life who was beyond patient with you? I have never had someone like that before.
How do I learn to care about other people?
When a guy tells you to make him smile, is it a bid for connection? Why do people do this?
How does a girl respectfully point out a man is in the wrong without making him feel shame?
When you meet someone that appears young and wealthy, do you typically assume it's mommy and daddy's money?
Do introverts feel drained by interacting on social media?
How can I differentiate between the things which I actually don't want to do and the things which I don't do for other's sake?
What does being on a social break feel like?
Can stigma be life threatening medically and psychologically?
Why don't the majority of people care about having a family anymore?
Why should anyone pay a spouse’s bills when he/she sabotaged his/her career by selling trade secrets just because of his/her ego?
How can I be liked by extremely introvert women?
What is the appeal of myth in psychology and sociology?
What could you gather from a guy that watches Teen Wolf, The Originals and Riverdale? Isn't it a bit odd?
Are most persons passive aggressive?
What does it mean when the person you just met is already calling you nickname?
What disorder includes: must be right, too honest, hyperfocus, high energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, and logical?
What is your one secret or mantra that would help me to succeed in anything?
How do I drive it into my subconscious that I am the real value, & I should love & prioritize my own interests regardless of how broke or lost I am?
Do you believe, in this culture of "whoever cares the least wins," you should be brave enough to be the person who gives a damn?
Why aren't we mad at the specific people involved in the United Flight 3411 incident (man forcibly removed from overbooked flight)?
What is a critical assessment of Mead's theory of Mind, Self and Society?
When a man touches a girls toes, is it a little version of intimacy?
Why are extroverts more rewarded?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
Is the dislike of small talk a sign of high intelligence?
Why do some guys fall in love with their female best friend while others don't?
What do you think about The Psychopath's Bible?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
How can you tell if a girl is insecure about herself around a certain person?
Does a handshake tell alot about a person?
Is knee and feet pointing really a sign of attraction, even when those people aren't talking to each other?
Why did I fail the psychological test after I passed the competitive examination with flying grades?
I know that my best friend treats others better than me. Why do I not care?
What are some of the best relationship advice for men?
Would repeating parts of a question twice before answering indicate that someone is trying to think of a lie to tell?
Have you ever noticed that men fish for worry from women like women fish for compliments from men? Why?
What type of person I am?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why do people look down on me? I feel like leaving this world.
What is the difference between conformity and uniformity?
Why do some people want to bully the poor?
If you accuse someone and he or she reacts with a surprised smile, does that mean you are right?
What is your one secret or mantra that would help me to succeed in anything?
What are the simple ways not to allow others negatives vibes to affect you?
Why am I always so awkwardly silent, even with my friends? People always call me boring.
Do you ever feel like you know for sure the emotionally unavailable man cares about you?
How does one reduce the amount of herd thinking in society?
What is more dangerous than people usually think?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
What are some negative effects of bullying?
Do most societies view introversion as inferior or as a weakness? Why or why not?
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
Is it okay to depend on other people’s thinking, decisions, and desires?
Why do people care about the size of their genitals?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
Does communism erode social cohesion?
Am I objectifying men if I took a picture of a really attractive man to show my friends?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
Do people care about the first impression?
What do you think of people who constantly apologize?
Why do people often misrepresent themselves (unintentionally) on their social networking profiles?
Can we wear pink formal shirts in America?
Have you ever received a really thoughtful gift from someone of the opposite sex?
Why are most current reality shows about wealthy, vulgar and stupid people only?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
Be yourself and don't care what others think. Is it a bad advice?
What is the most universal sign of good will?
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
How does a pecking order contribute to social behavior?
Does my best friend care about me? She always tells me things about her life, but when I do it, she's kinda unapproachable.
Can someone make my number restricted?
Do you think most people are good or bad?
How do I forgive myself for attacking my younger brother?
Are personal conflict and inter-group conflict the same?
Why do movies show psychopaths as dangerous and serial killers?
My 16 year old daughter keeps on screaming and swearing at me even though I haven't done anything bad to her. Can someone help me stop this?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
How can I start to sense and understand people's perception of me?
When and why was the carrying family name cultural tradition passing from father to son established?
Is it acceptable to lie to someone with a bad temper in order to avoid conflict?
What is it that makes my schoolmates so superficial? Many times all they talk about are material possessions or stuff related to "social status."
Do young people care about preserving cultural identity as much as older people?
How would you deal with someone using a communication misunderstanding to spread a rumor that you are mentally ill?
How can I get rid of this limiting belief about myself: ''who do you think you are''?
Have you ever cut in lines?
How can we identify thieves’ body language?
Why do I feel the need to protect others from injustice?
Why do people not care what others think about them?
Why are the fans of every sport in Europe more fanatical than the ones in the USA are?
What is the difference between Communication Studies and Social psychology?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Is it possible to use debate as a form of flirting?
What is the psychological profile of a bully?
How do I get less attached to my family and friends and move on with my life?
Do you think what other people care about and do not care about actually matters as if it's important?
Does Ross Geller (from the TV show Friends) have Asperger’s syndrome?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
Why are white women considered to be the most attractive?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
How do I get rid of my shyness and social anxiety in one year?
What is the best way for an extrovert to handle/deal with situations where people are not interested in socializing? (I'm an extrovert.)
I dated a woman at work for a few months, and then she reunited with her kid's father. How do I stop torturing myself and end my feelings for her?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
What should I do if people don't respect me and exploit me?
How can you tackle anti-social behaviour?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
What do other Himachali people think about other Chaudhary and Ghirth people? Do they have a good social status?
Is it okay to feel betrayed by the people I cared about? Or should I think from their point of view too? More in my comment.
What is the science behind successful social interactions?
How long should we care about society?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
Do people care about humanities research or do they think it's a waste of time?
What startup ideas do people simply not care about?
Guys, would you ever take your platonic female friend on the back of your motorcycle with you?
What is the moral consequence of not helping family member in need?
Does someone who never experienced a certain type of adversity able to emotionally empathize with the victims of that adversity?
How different would the world be if we were limited to speak only 500 words per day?
Why do some people care too much about their self image while others don't?
What is the work of an organisational psychologist? What is the difference between organisational psychology and social psychology? Which one has more scope?
Why are some of the most beautiful and best things in life underappreciated or underrated?
Why do we care so much about being judged on what we wear in public?
If one is honest, is he also authentic?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
Why do 3rd world country people care so much about stealing?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
Why are mixed couples in which the male is White not criticized as severely as when the female is White?
Why do I fall for a guy who seems to not care about me but sees to only care about sexual attention?
How can you tell if a guy has feelings for you, even though there is an underlying reason you can’t be together?
Why is social acceptance important?
What are the available subjects in BSC social psychology?
What are the best research topics on social psychology research?
I'm so ugly and lonely. What do I do?
What is the difference between social psychology and counseling psychology?
Why do men tell you things to get you to worry about them?
How can I win all people's hearts without doing anything?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
Is it possible to hate someone you haven't properly met?
What are some cooking knowledge and advice that isn't common?
Would it be beneficial if, on a global scale, the illusion of separation was accepted and acknowledged?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
Can psychology explain social change?
Have you noticed that when people ask if they should give someone in their life another chance, the resounding answer is almost always no?
Should I care what others think about raising my son to respect women?
How do you defeat a passive-aggressive opponent?
Should I tell my classmates about this opportunity even if it means i'll be indirectly telling my enemy about it?
Is not following the herd mentality the new herd mentality nowadays?
Is it ok for a 30 year old man to spend a significant amount of time alone with a 21 year old girl if he thinks she's too young for him?
Why do some people think it is okay to fake having a disability?
Why do people generally laugh when a female punches a man, but as soon as the man punches back they all rush in to stop the fight?
She likes to have large circle of male friends. I hate it when this extrovert girl acts silly around them now. What should I do?
Why do people care so much about their data being sold?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
How do I get rid of the fear of what other people think and say about me?
Why do some people enjoy bullying?
Will I grow out of being socially awkward as a socially awkward teenager?
What are some controversial questions about forgiveness?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
What makes you believe you are contrarian? And how do you avoid the herd mentality?
What does it mean when a guy starts to seek your approval? What does it mean when he tries to get you to like what he likes?
How can I understand how people perceive me?
What can we do to make people care about the environment on a scale that would actually lead to change?
What do other people do that you don't do?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
How can I stopped feeling and believing that I am nothing at 22 years old?
Would you rather be extremely well connected or wealthy? Why?
After people found out more about me, I was shunned from society. What should I do?
How does a highly sensitive person get over caring so much about how others perceive or think about them?
Why does everyone want to be the one who changes the world?
What makes someone seductive?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Why is everyone in my family so uncomfortable with any form of expressing emotions?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
A relative of mine has a power of attorney who cares more about saving money rather than getting him the medical care he needs. What do I do?
Why do some people refer to Europeans/European-Americans as just being "white," but describe others by their individual ethnicity?
What do you think glasses say about the person wearing them?
What psychology stuff should I know about women?
Is it accurate to say lying is a part of social interaction?
Why do some guys treat girls like they are young?
Can I pursue a PhD in psychology after completing a BS focused only on social psychology?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Why do I care so much about my class position?
How do I become a productive member of society?
How do you know if you should give someone another chance in your life?
What are the social dynamics in any local development projects?
Why does the saying “familiarity breeds contempt” come true almost always?
Is it bad to pretend you're someone else?
How do l calm down burning fire of anger inside me and keep quiet?
Do people really care what happens to them when they pass?
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
Will people dislike me if I'm not very self confident?
What do you own that you care about more than you care about most people?
What is the difference between being a very passive aggressive person and having a passive aggressive personality disorder?
Do people who are self-obsessed really care about others?
What if people actually said what they felt about others?
Dan Bilzerian and George Clooney are both playboys but one feels different from the other. How does Clooney do it?
Do you feel that the "pun" in this video is because of the way she's dancing in public, what she's wearing, or a combination of both?
What does it mean when a guy is frequently pushing things into your lap, throwing things at you, or messes with stuff you're using? Why do guys do it?
Is it unreasonable of me to ask my boyfriend to take down photos of his daughter at birth as I'm pregnant with his second child?
My friends are laughing at and making me feel like almost everything I do is wrong, what should I do?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
How do I get over the fact that I almost lost my job?
Why do people often care about looks over personality?
How can (or can't) you trust the Church when it asks believers to blindly trust its judgement more than their own conscience/reason?
How frequently do you text a female friend vs. a girl you're interested in?
Why does unspoken approval exist in some relationships and not others? What does it mean about that relationship?
Can someone be deprived of physical (platonic) intimacy with others? If so, how would "touch deprivation" be treated?
Are we sharing our happiness or seeking approval?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
What is a psychological hack?
It seems like my body doesn't allow skin-to-skin contact. Why?
Is it weird that I don't think I could ever be around a guy that messed with me in high school even if we made amends at some point?
Why is it important for you to express your feelings?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why do people force themselves to purchase a newer smartphone despite the old one still works perfectly fine?
Is it possible for a cult to start online?
How do I stop caring about what others think as a teen?
Do people actually care about their loved ones?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
Why do so many people not care about real knowledge?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
How do I adapt to the new culture and the environment?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
How do I avoid people without appearing rude?
Why do some men go silent and disappear for a few days when they realize they are wrong?
What are some weird and interesting psychological cases?
Have you been shy before but one day decided not to anymore?
My inferiority complex is becoming extremely harmful, how do I overcome it?
Does it mean a guy is into you if he clearly likes it when you worry about him?
Is it normal that I dislike most people my age?
What are the similarities between games, religion and corporate?
How can participants benefit from diary studies?
Why do people cater to currency and their jobs more than to people who actually care about them and genuinely love them?
As civilization continues to advance, what will be the next major changes to our views on cultural norms that change over time?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
What is the difference between interfering in someone's personal life vs caring for them?
Why do bars not utilize a queue system?
How can I have a trivial conversation?
When people in your country talk about "salary" or "how much you earn" in daily life, do they include the tax in the amount?
How do I handle other people's opinions?
Do you have any tips and techniques from a superior person to get work done?
Why do I care so much about life and people?
Why are biracial Asians more likely to be diagnosed with mental illnesses than monoracial?
Why do I care so much about my impression?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex in academics?
Do people outside of STEM careers care about doing interesting work at their job?
Which professional should I see for personal general advice?
What is being mature for a 22-year-old man?
What will happen if all liquor shops are closed in a country?
Has the "herd mentality" of humans ever caused you to have a negative experience?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
Do women think there's something wrong with you if you have no interest in dating?
What does it mean when a guy deeply values your opinion, and wants you to be excited for him?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
In group dynamics, how would you stop a leader who uses the group's fear to control it?
What is the purpose of someone telling you that things you have done or said made them smile?
What is the definition of a "real man" in the Western World?
Do I have some bits of autism?
What is social psychology? What exactly is the work of a social psychologist?
Why do people use the bathroom for every dirty thing?
Is it good to work in silence and not care about what people explicitly notice?
Can I not care what people think?
Is it customary to hold the door for others who are approaching?
What is the difference among stress tolerance, stress resistance and stress resiliency of humans?
For someone not used to the city life, what things should I keep in mind while socializing with others?
One guy is super smart but is an asshole. The other guy is dumb as a rock but nice as hell. Which one would you sit next to in class and befriend?
How do you stop caring or getting sucked into it when your family is dysfunctional?
Why don’t people care about the homeless?
Why do so many names begin with J?
What do you think about herd mentality?
How can I completely destroy my whole life and be like you?
If you were to design the algo of automated cars, when it was unavoidable to hit one of two cyclists, one with a helmet and one without, what would the car do?
Is crime good for society?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
Why do many people tend to judge a person by their past history and not by their present condition?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
What are three things every person wants?
How can a girl with a high income be with a boy with a low income?
How do I choose the right people who can work as a team and who care about the team/company, not people who care about their own success and desires?
Should I feel bad about being somewhat passive aggressive towards my brother?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What is the greatest persuasion tactic to use?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
What is the word/phrase in psychology for people who think that the world is as they perceive/see? ("koopamanduk" is the word in Hindi)
How often are you in touch with someone you are friends with compared to someone you are interested in romantically?
Do people with exaggerated patriotism suffer mostly from superiority or inferiority complex?
How has social media ruined our inner soul?
How can you tell if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Why is looking in the eye so important and uncomfortable?
How is an Oedipus complex experienced with same-sex parents?
I feel like a loser in the social world, what are some good social TV series to help me change?
What is the best advice for sales?
Is it normal for an adult guy to hug a female friend every time he sees her?
What percentage of people practicing any religion are true believers and not following it as a ritual out of fear of being ostracized or victimized?
How can I overcome the fear of being vulnerable?
Do Koreans have an inferiority complex?
How can I approach women if I have no interesting things to offer or to say?
Is it better to act like Ezio from Brotherhood or like Gandhi? What are the perceptions and advantages of either, including influence and likability?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
I hate all fields. What academic field is best for me?
How do I know I'm not wasting time when socializing?
Why do we care so much about others?
What is the best book on maintaining a social life?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
From the age of 13 up, do some people truly change? I believe a person doesn't change unless they want to.
What is the best school for a PhD in social psychology?
What is the black bloc?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
What is a truth that nobody wants to admit or doesn't see?
Why do people care so much about being popular or unpopular on Quora when it's merely a platform for learning things and expressing opinions?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
Do we humans treat inhumanity as a freedom?
Can I marry five women if I love all of them equally and am wealthy enough to take care of them?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
Do you think he meant this comment as an insult?
Why is it that international PhD students hardly mix with white American PhD students in the soft sciences programs with a white majority?
Which people have the highest social status among our society?
Are people who keep talking about how busy they are, really actually all that busy?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
Do gender differences exist in herd thinking?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? Friends do this occasionally when it’s funny, but he does it all the time.
Is it true that Bernie cares about helping ordinary people while the rest of Congress mostly care about their own wealth and position?
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
What's the real meaning of the psychology word?
What type of men do women like?
When a guy tells you to make him smile, is it a bid for connection? Why do people do this?
What would young people say that they care about if we asked 26,000 of them?
Why are people on stackoverflow so ridicules & offensive?
Is it safe to assume that if more than 10% of women upvote a fellow woman's answer, the majority of women would agree with her, given the gender mismatch on Quora?
At what hour of the day is it socially acceptable to have your first beer?
Is it good that I force myself to talk when I have no desire to speak at all?
Why don't some people respect the time of others?
Do introverts feel drained by interacting on social media?
How hard is it to find real friends? i.e. people that actually care about your well-being.
Why do people care so much about material things?
What can you infer about someone who has more than 2,700 friends on Facebook?
Do passive aggressive narcissists ever own up to their failures?
Why do people only care about family not other peoples?
What will happen if a woman finds a random phone number of a guy?
What would happen if you had no pulse?
How can I be liked by extremely introvert women?
Is trying to replicate other people's social quirks healthy?
Why do narcissists hurt the people who genuinely care so much about them?
Are most persons passive aggressive?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
You have a gun to your head. It's you or a complete stranger. That stranger is a child. What do you do?
What does it mean when the person you just met is already calling you nickname?
How would a man describe feeling protective of a girl?
While there are many dangerous cults, are there any that are not dangerous?
How do cults convince people to give their stuff to the cult?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
Why do people care about how other people run their lives?
Why do difficult people have to make things so complicated/burdensome? How do you deal with these types of people?
Where, when and why did the custom begin of removing price tags before gifting merchandise?
A girl told me that she had a boyfriend, and then the next day she told me she was just kidding. What was that all about? It was kind of random.
How do I master intermittent reinforcement in order to control an individual?
Does knowing social psychology gives you an advantage?
What do people who care about the land-base need?
Does ASPD make you lonely?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
I’m ugly I like the cute girl but she doesn't like me, but there's a not my type girl who likes me, should I just go with her to not be alone forever?
What is the classiest way a woman has relayed she wants to have sex with you?
Could the reason that I unknowingly get close to and in relationships with females that have mental illnesses be that I have a mental illness myself?
Does a guy ever think about how much trust a woman has in him? What situations make you think about how much she trusts you?
How can you tell if a guy is actually enjoying spending time with you or if he's just humoring you to be nice?
Why are people so much harder on other people?
What do you do when your significant other is being passive-aggressive?
What does it mean when a guy starts calling you a cute nickname to try to get you to smile when you're sad?
I grew up in a dysfunctional family, which kind of made me insecure about my upbringing. How to be more confident?
Why don't people care about things that don't directly affect them?
How can someone who's not "a success" associate with successful people, when successful people do not want unsuccessful people around them?
With regard to dating and relationships, what early investments can couples make in their relationship to strengthen it against the inevitable setbacks?
Why do I only care about people that I know are emotionally hurting?
Is it possible for a conversation to have more than 3-4 participants?
What's something you're not good at that others think is important?
What was lacking or excessive in how your parents raised you and how does it affect you today?
Why does sharing a song you like with someone feel intimate?
Why do we care so much about other's teeth health state?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
What disorder includes: must be right, too honest, hyperfocus, high energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, and logical?
Why are people so easily offended by anything?
My mom is completely white and my dad is completely black but I look completely white. What do I put down when I am asked what race I am?
What does it mean when a guy calls you a special pet name when he's trying to make you happy?
Is it ok that I don't have any self-respect at all? What should I do in this case?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
Will we buy more stuff simply because we have the space for it?
Why do men get emotional when they receive a surprise gift from a female friend?
What is the difference between caring deeply for someone and having feelings for them? Aren't they very similar?
Why do I like to go from zero to one hundred?
Should someone admit that he/she is an introvert?
What is the first thing that comes to your head when you see this guy in the image?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
Would people who support someone's bad behavior privately still continue to do so if the bad behavior became public?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
If a male friend starts overanalyzing your questions, does he like you? Especially if this was a change from his norm?
How can I stop doing what I think other people would like me to do?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
Does a lack of response mean “request denied”?
What's the psychology behind certain people liking pop music because it's popular and other people disliking pop music because it's popular?
How do I get my mom to understand that I'm socially awkward?
Why do people think I care when I say "I don't care"?
Who actually cares about the Kashmiris?
I always feel nostalgic. How do I get rid of this soon?
Why do people love to boast about stuff no one cares about?
Why do people care so much about typos?
How do I make friends with ants?
We say that we don't care what others think of us, but isn't everything we do for others?
How does an intern ask to be transferred to another team as he is currently not happy with the work he is doing?
Can one, in a way, say psychologically manipulative people can't distinguish their impulses from reality?
Why is social isolation bad?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
What's the negative meaning of tit for tat?
Do you think that those popular teenagers who pretend that they are cold-hearted are acually cold-hearted or do they just want to appear interesting?
Is there an area of study that focuses on the propagation, creation, and destruction of ideas in societies?
Is it impossible to live the life that I've always wanted?
As a Christian, if people’s eternities are on the line, why should I care so much about my own security?
What makes someone nonreligious?
How can introverted, individualistic, slow-minded, less-stamina and deeply philosophical people survive in a massively chaotic country like India?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
How come ‘supermodel’ is even a thing?
Why is it that many times a person dislikes a song at first, but after repeated exposure, they begin to enjoy it?
How can someone stop pretending to be someone he is not at 23 years old?
Why do people worry so much about other people's opinion of themselves?
What are the general principles to climb or destroy hierarchies? Are there any movie scene examples?
Is the "I'll show you you're wrong" mindset/attitude the same as caring what other people think of you?
Should men with Asperger's who want to date women work on their looks more than on their social skills (which can't be improved)?
What is the difference between low self-esteem and inferiority complex?
Why do many people never care about other’s feelings?
What are some unspoken social rules at school?
A sadistic psychopath is after me. If he manages to attack me, what can I do or say to at least annoy him one last time?
Are social dynamics complex?
Why is it that when we tell a few people about our plans, they never come true?
How do I learn new things without studying, practicing, reading, seeing, listening or experiencing?
Why do I feel extreme laziness and reluctance towards socializing?
Can a straight guy be jealous of a girl spending time with a gay guy?
What was your highest view count in one day, and how do you explain the reason that the subject of that most viral answer was so popular to so many?
When should you assert power over adapting to people's personalities?
Why does anyone care what others believe?
How does one practice being patient with other people?
How do I deal with passive aggressive coworkers?
Why do people want to be associated with those in high social status even if it is not going to fetch them anything?
Who are famous social psychologists working on group behaviour/processes/dynamics at the moment?
Why do many people perceive 30 years old as old?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
This girl confessed to emailing me under a fake name. Should I keep her confession private?
My son thinks buying him running shoes will make him faster. How do I explain that they won't without hurting his feelings?
Have you ever witnessed a woman being derogatory towards another woman for wearing a red dress?
Why do people accelerate towards red lights? They don't get to their destination any faster by doing so.
How can technology help improve social climate in schools?
How can I develop a passion for learning deeply and for a longer time?
How do I control my boss mind?
If people don't care about society, couldn't everyone in charge take over the world?
Can constructive criticism cause more harm than good?
Is the experience of social chemistry with another person ever one sided?
Why do psychopaths/sociopaths have to wear a 'mask' when they say that they don't care what people think about them?
How will a mature 30-year-old girl behave?
What makes one person funny and another not funny?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
On the internet, every person is caring, sensitive, etc. If almost everyone on the internet is such an angel, where are those angels in the real world?
How can we overcome inferiority complex in front of ultra modern society?
What should a person do if they develop inferiority complex even with slightest failure?
Can one remain unsocial in a group?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How do I stop caring about what others think and say?
Are there any conclusive experiments to prove that criminal behaviour arises only due to social conditions?
As a manager, what is a good response when people say you have an easy job or joke about how you "do nothing all day"?
If "loading" someone were possible, how would someone do this?
What are some experiences of people changing personality in a complete 180?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
My mother is engaged to someone she met less than six weeks ago; the wedding will take place in less than two months. What advice should I give her?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
Why is multiculturalism good?
Is yelling at someone an efficient way to get out to them?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
You are handed a blank cheque and told to buy the thing you've always wanted no matter the cost. What do you buy?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
What do you think of people who march to the beat of their own drum?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Why does the idea of not living seem so good?
What are some reasons a guy would go quiet after a great time together? He was the one who kept stretching the evening longer, why has he gone quiet?
Can video games turn an extrovert into an introvert?
In a democratic system, does everyone's voice have the same weight?
What makes certain genes dominant?
Why do people care about their careers?
Do you believe, in this culture of whoever cares the least wins, that you should be brave enough to be the only person who gives a damn?
What does it mean when you convince yourself that objects need you?
How can I be true around women and stop being too nice and passive?
What are you strangely thankful for?
How can you start not caring about other people's social life?
What does it mean when the man I dated for 4 months text me, "you have no idea how crazy you make me…"?
Are genius people socially awkward?
How do I pee in the presence of others?
Should I rent my own place or stay with family?
What is sexual corruption?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
What's the attitude men are attracted to the most when they flirt with female sex workers, submissive or dominant?
Is it wrong to not care about other people?
Why do people care about not hurting others feelings?
How do I deal with my inferiority complex?
Can trying to be congenial to others upon meeting them be misinterpreted as kiss-assery?
How can I stop being intimidated by everybody?
Why does this girl at school ignore people?
How can I stop being passive, fatalist, and resigned at 22 years old?
How can I take revenge on somebody at school for stealing my phone for fun?
If you had to say something in general to/for Indian girls, what would it be?
What are some unspoken social rules and conduct that we have been following so far, and how will they change in the coming years?
Why do humans seek social acceptance?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
Is putting your hands on someone's shoulders a sign of affection?
If you want to set up a social group how would you find people?
On which social networking platform do people care about others' profile the most?
How can you tell if a man is emotionally attached to you or if he just thinks you're pretty and enjoys your attention?
Is it unnecessary to try being extrovert, or is it the need to socialize?
How can we improve persuasion and convincing skills?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
Why should social psychology be taught in school?
Do convulsions make people have psychological/social problems?
How is it possible for a smart girl living on welfare and in a trailer park to get to Harvard?
What should I do to get a girl out of my mind?
What if there is no meaning to life?
Why do people care what other people think?
How do you flirt when you're socially awkward?
Everyone likes psychology. How do you know if it's a suitable career and more than just a natural curiosity?
Why are Indian people generally not reflective, introverted, individualistic, liberal, artistic, philosophical & respectful of others' private lives?
How can I tell where other people's perceptions start and my reality begins, e.g. if multiple viewpoints/opinions from other (random) people match up?
How do you know if you have intellectual chemistry with someone else?
Has it ever happened that you were backbiting about someone and he was just sitting behind you?
What are the best examples of the psychology of responsibility versus freedom?
Do INFPs tend to be more judgmental than others perceive? Do they like to gossip/ to criticize people?
When someone loses their will to live, does that mean they will die?
What are schemas in social psychology?
How do parents deal with their passive-aggressive children?
What psychological theory can be used to study social enterprises?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
What are some useful things to know about psychology?
Every spring, I feel sad for no apparent reason. What could be the reason, and what could I do about it?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Does anyone actually want, or like, to be a bad person?
Why do people think so much about others?
What are some superheros that don't care what others think?
What are some examples of intimate touch?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
Why does everybody not think highly of me?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
What subtle things do psychologists notice when speaking with someone that tips them off that the person is dishonest?
What are some other good ways to experience the magic of life similar to skydiving and zero gravity?
Why do conservatives seem less sensitive to criticism than liberals?
How can you make the difference and make an Instagram girl with thousands of followers to reply your message and ultimately get to know you?
Why do so many people on Quora like to explain exactly how to do their type of business?
What do you do while people applaud you?
Does Venmo have you add Facebook friends in order to ensure that you are making transactions with people who you know to avoid scams?
Is it possible to not have any hater?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
What do we learn from research in social psychology?
Why do people care about how others think about their richness?
What are memes and themes and what do you know about them?
Why don't I care what others think, yet I still get nervous about talking to people?
As someone who is a classic introvert, how can I expand my social network?
How do I deal with discouraging people?
What are some examples of a confident body language?
How can you stop feeling meaningless and worthless when you don't achieve something important?
Is it fair to say that gangs discriminate?
Do you think that most of the evil TV/movie characters are geminis or scorpios?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
How do you know if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Can a person opt into more than 1 stream of psychology? How much can we earn in counselling, organisational psychology, and social psychology?
How about a day without technology every week?
What do you think about this belief: people's self-worth is high or low based on their social class?
Why do political parties usually care more about their survival than doing what’s best for society?
What are some things that only happen in (the state of) Georgia?
Why do people only care about social issues?
How can we stop human trafficking and modern slavery?
I care more about my friends than school. Is this bad?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why do human beings have a duty to obey the law?
Why do people care about my acne?
Are there lots of people who are unadapted to living in modern complex societies?
What makes someone European?
How would you deal with passive aggressive and "two faced" co-workers in a professional work environment?
Why do some people enjoy living vicariously through games like Sims, shows/movies, celebrities instead of living life & attempt to do what they like?
How do I determine if someone is trustworthy?
Do survivors of traumatic stress feel more or less empathy for other survivors than they would as a non-victim?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
What do I do when my friends don't want to watch a movie that isn't from Hollywood?
How much time can an adaptation for living in the new country like the USA take?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
What makes you like someone?
How can I stop my sister from sticking her nose into my and my wife’s personal lives?
How can I overcome inferiority complex and self-consciousness?
Is there a distinction between personality, individual differences, and group differences in experimental social psychology?
Do sociopaths care about what others think?
What should you never try in life?
When a guy asks you about spending time with another guy, does it mean he's interested in you?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differ?
In what language would a hypnotized bilingual/multilingual person speak?
Why most of them speak about others?
Don't you really care about what others think or say about you?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Should you care about people around you respect you or not?
Why are some people just popular?
How can I judge people from their behaviour?
Why might be a reason that I don't understand and/or care about gender?
Is there any contention between self-esteem and jealousy? If you watch a lot of TV shows about rich people, will it manipulate your self-esteem?
What are the common elements between a family and a business?
Why do right wingers think people are insulted by being called Social Justice Warriors?
How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed about being associated with being wrong?
Why is Pinterest so popular among women but not men in 2017?
Why do people care so much about how much money other people make?
Do people care that I don't have that many friends?
How do I start standing up for myself and not care about what others think?
What are the most noticeable things that people living under oppressive regimes don't know they are missing?
How do you cope when you realize you need to stop caring for someone so much?
Why do people care for their names?
How does being the President of the United States change one? We can see the physical changes but I wonder if this makes them better people?
What are best techniques for handling a difference of opinion?
What single action (done by me) can improve our world?
When deciding how much to care about someone, how much do you factor in how many other people care about them (aka if not enough people care)?
How can you tell if a guy is using sexual innuendos because he sees you as a "bro" or if he's trying to gauge your interest in having sex with him?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
What is the psychology behind associating cigarettes with art?
How will the radical lack of privacy affect people and public life in the future?
Why is it so difficult to find academic or medical sources of the criteria distinguishing shyness from social anxiety and vice versa?
What is it that stops us from becoming what we want?
Why doesn't the Adverse Childhood Experiences test include childhood bullying from peers?
What would be the best advice for someone who is being bullied in high school - fight back, ignore them, or tell the teachers?
What are your thoughts on the concept that someone with mental illness cannot be a victim of discrimination, because the condition cannot be seen?
How can there be many genders if gender is a social construct?
Is it possible for a man and a woman who are attracted to each other to be just friends?
What are reasons a person would not be courteous enough to move out of the direct path of an individual?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
If a girl tells me to stop, should I?
Should I care what people think about my appearance?
What do we call the people who judge or knows a lot about someone?
What are some reasons a man would avoid eye contact with you?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
Do you ever use a pet name for a female friend?
Does not wanting to hit a girl make me sexist?
In what countries do people care the least about people in other countries?
Why do some communities evoke the supernatural to make sense of morality?
What do confident people understand that shy people don't get about people, conversations, and social interaction?
Do creative artists get too much credit and the inherited tools they use too little credit?
Do you believe in the concept of the Evil Eye?
How can people accept to express their own choices, take responsibility for them and stop looking for validation?
Why do people care so much about IQ scores?
Why do people obsess with other people, particularly people who aren't affiliated with them?
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
Why does society think that introverts don’t have lives?
Is it really so bad that I have no friends, by choice?
Why do people use the phrase "that made me smile"? Is that a bid for connection?
Why are people in Zürich so arogant and less social?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
How can I control the seven billion people in the world especially rich and powerfull people?
What is the Unicorn Effect?
If you are a person whose friend committed suicide in the past, how do you feel now?
How do I keep a sequence of day-to-day events or example sequences of movies in mind?
According to social psychology, does human nature change?
Can histrionic personality disorder be cured?
What are the specific reasons for people's disgust with female body hair?
How do you know someone's true personality?
A few months ago my father passed away and I am 22 years old. I am the only income source but I have been unable to work since that day. What should I do?
Why don't the majority of people care about having a family anymore?
Do most people have kids because of social pressure?
What makes watching TV shows like Frasier give you emotional comfort from painful loneliness?
Can one be satisfied socially by having only online relationships?
Why does infant or child rape happen? What is the psychology behind this?
Why do a lot of people only care about themselves nowadays?
Are people with similar “world views” drawn to each other?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Is it possible to be a "nice guy" and not be passive aggressive about it?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to travel with him?
I'm 18 and haven't had a girlfriend, what should I do?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
How do I drive it into my subconscious that I am the real value, & I should love & prioritize my own interests regardless of how broke or lost I am?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
What does it mean to be low in affective empathy?
Does Deloitte care more about looks than qualifications?
Why do passive-aggressive people tend to aggravate me so much, and does that mean I'm a mean person?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
What makes someone a household name?
What are signs that a lady is willing to share her bed with you?
What is social distance?
Do you feel like texting someone right before you fall asleep is intimate? Why does this feel so significant to some people?
What behavior will make you feel that the other is well educated and well-bred?
Why does it make me sad when I find out actors who play fictional characters differ from their roles?
What is "intimacy" in Maslow 's hierarchy of needs?
Do we always owe obedience to our parents even if they treat us bad in that moment?
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
Why do humans have a social conscience? Is there a natural instinct that drives us to care about others?
If you only had a choice between being curious or smart-which would you choose and why?
What's wrong with society nowadays?
Why does it motivate some people when others make them feel down?
Why do people only care about themselves nowadays?
What makes someone a layperson?
I read an article that men are starved for appreciation, acknowledgement, and affirmation. Do men get hooked on women who offer these to him?
Why do people act fake and want to follow the herd? If older people are experienced, why do they want us to follow the herd?
Should I turn in the same work?
Why are there double standards here?
When men feel an emotional connection with a woman, do they usually want to be sexual with her too?
Why is so much attention given to drama?
Philosophically, why should we care about the oppression of people by their governments and ideologies?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
What is the psychology behind a person who is uncomfortable around you when she is alone but acts very friendly with you when she is with her friends?
If I start to go on my treadmill five times a day as well as not eat and drink at all, will I be skeleton-like in three months?
How would a nationalist extremist group who idolized their nation's head of state responds if said leader denounced them?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
What does it mean when you start to lose interest after the guy you like starts to show interest?
How can I stop being jealous to people, who had luck?
What does your average 31 year old guy think about spending time with a 22 year old girl?
Why should people care about LGBTQ rights in other countries?
Do feelings exist or are they just facial expressions?
Why do people care so much about rotten tomato reviews?
Is passive aggressive behavior a major characteristic of covert narcissism?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
Does increased herd thinking sometimes decrease search costs (in economics)?
How do I get strong body and personality for menial labour jobs?
How can I get rid of the victim mentality that I have since childhood?
Why is sex a big taboo in front of Indian parents?
How can you tell if a man doesn't trust you?
What would be your psychological analysis of Light Yagami from Death Note?
Why am I not able to forget my ex-girlfriend?
How would a man describe the feeling of being protective of a girl?
Why do I always care about others' views of me?
What can you do when you start to fall out of caring for someone?
What do you think about social media and friendship?
When I hang out with one of my male friends, he frequently sits with his right hand crossed to his left upper thigh. Is that how men hide erections?
What is your advice to a 23-year-old man who wants to live his life after having been ignored by his mother since he was 6 years old?
Why are there so many passive aggressive questions about Trump?
Can someone be overeducated?
What makes a character cool and lovable?
If somebody wants to know about psychology, what should be their introduction to psychology, if they were looking to use it and learn about it?
Does lack of social life harm intelligence?
How can I get rid of the feeling "what others will think of me" and "what others think of me"?
How can I stop letting what other people say about me bring me down?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
Why do people feel so desperate to say that they love their families before dying?
Is being passive a bad thing?
Am I the only one who experiences more sexism from other women than just guys?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
Should I date a girl who I'm not attracted to, just because the girls that I'm attracted to aren't attracted to me, so I'm not alone forever?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
Would you rather have the "perfect" appearance and be charismatic, or be extremely intelligent, creative and slightly socially awkward?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
How can I respond to a passive aggressive person?
Do bullying happens in Pakistani schools?
Have you ever realized you and another person are completely dysfunctional but have great chemistry?
Why do some people prefer emotional exuberance than intelligence?
Why do people care about criminals?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
Why do people often care more about 'intelligence' than effort?
How do I deal with a sociopathic bully?
What should I answer if someone asks "Are you new to this city"?
What would you do if your manager tried to belittle you on your first day of work?
How do guys feel when a girl puts her head on their chest when she hugs them?
What causes hybristophilia?
How can I go from the most socially awkward person at a very small school to a very forgettable unnoticeable one?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
Where can one master brainwashing that’s online and free?
Were you a bully in school?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
How do I become the dirtiest manipulator and liar?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
How can someone be an extrovert when they have found out that they are an introvert? Is it really necessary to be an extrovert in order to get married?
Why do beautiful girls make me feel inadequate?
Why do people care about suicide?
Is there a psychological explanation as to why some people find mixed-blooded individuals highly attractive?
Do females find males disgusting?
What's the psychology behind 'Jonestown'?
How did the evolution of bipedalism in humans affect the social organisation of Early Man?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
How do you start a texting conversation with someone you're interested in?
What does it mean when a girl says, "Yeah, you’re cute, but can I learn from you?" to a guy?
Why is it that when a guy pretends that he is arrogant and cold hearted he becomes more interesting but with girls it's not the same?
What should you prefer? Loneliness or trying to run after people who don't seem to care about you?
What is the psychological term that describes a person who compulsively blames others after taking help from them?
How do social psychology perspectives work?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
What questions might you ask if you are concerned that a client might be in a crisis situation and at risk of committing suicide?
What does it mean when a guy starts sending you music he likes?
How do a boy and a girl hook up?
Why do women follow the herd mentality when choosing men?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
Why is it illegal to abandon an animal, such as a dog or a horse, but not a human being?
How does it make guys feel when a girl says "I would feel safer if you were with me"?
Why do guys send girls photos of things? Is he trying to impress me?
What are the emotional challenges that some single children might face in their personal/social life?
Is it hard to make money and take money out of the pockets of others?
Why does it feel like the Quora readers are my family and it feels right and good to express myself with them more than my actual family?
What should everyone know about the psychology and sociology of fandom?
What is the psychological cause behind daydreaming?
What does it mean when a guy points out every time you do/say something that makes him smile?
Which ideas of social psychology do the educational system need to grasp?
When was the last time someone tried to hit on you on Quora?
How can I become a Nunchi?
How do I make myself brave? How can I motivate myself to work hard?
How can I build up a social life? I work 7/7 and I am studying to become a pilot one day.
How do I stop being so socially awkward and win love?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
How does one resolve the conflict between being oneself and being what others want one to be?
Can being in a group influence your behavior / thinking?
What are the indications that a person is jealous of your intelligence?
Is it true that men over 20 almost never experience physical contact with another person during their regular day? Does it affect them?
How would society behave if sex weren’t a taboo?
How can you tell the difference between platonic touch and intimate touch?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
Why do people care about “family” and “friends”?
If I don't eat at all and go to my local gym six times a day, will I be very extremely thin in six months?
Why do people care more about adopting animals than kids?
How do I overcome inferiority complex regarding my career?
What can I do to overcome my stutter as I am very nervous and shy to the point when in the past I had avoided social interactions outside of school?
What makes you nervous?
Why do we obsess over and idolise public figures and celebrities who will never actually care about who we are?
How can an INFP stop being passive?
Are people kind?
What are the psychological and emotional effects of undersocialization during adolescence (13-19 years old)?
How can I start letting myself have real relationships with people again?
What are the positive effects of being against bullying?
What are social skills and why are they important?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
How can I find someone in a new place who has the same taste as I do?
I’m embarrassed at school after a boy caught me hugging and kissing a woman painted on the wall. What should I do to restore my reputation?
As a guy, would you let a female friend just sit and play with your hair?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
Why do you care about what others think of you and your legacy?
Do you text your female friends every day or just the girl you're interested in?
How do I overcome feelings of inferiority around women due to lack of dating experience?
How do you deal with a passive-aggressive partner who seems to start arguments for no reason?
How can I stop being nervous, worried, and afraid in front of women?
What is something that needs to be said?
Does every parent love their second child more than their first child or is it just mine?
Why should or shouldn't prostitution be legalized?
Is the theory of constructed emotion commonly believed among psychologists? Is it better supported by evidence than competing theories?
Is it fine to avoid a shabby-looking and uneducated cousin or brother?
How do you get over a highly accomplished ex?
Guys, why would you ask a girl to go to yoga class with you?
Why is social status so important? Why does it matter more to some people than others?
How should I stop having the habit of ignoring people?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
Since I was 7, I needed to be too disciplined and too serious to survive abuse. Now that I don’t have this problem anymore, I am still too serious and can't enjoy having fun. What should I do?
How can I make somebody pass out without leaving any permanent damage or any clues?
Can you tell my personality by the type of music I enjoy?
What does it really mean when you're making out with a girl and she says something along the lines of 'tell me I'm pretty'? And is this common?
Should people with personality disorders be held responsible for their behavior?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
What can I do to make myself feel better about my body?
If you consider manipulation as negative, Which cases do you think that persuasion would be a form of manipulation?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? I understand it’s a bid for connection, but he does it all the time. Why?
Isn’t confidence also the act of not caring what other people think or say about you and just doing what you want?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
Do people care if their friends are selfish?
Do selfish people really care about others or only about themselves?
Who is responsible for what a person says and does to another person?
How do you describe the trust in a relationship where there is unspoken approval?
What is bullying for?
What is something that you don't like to admit?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
What do you think of people who always complain whenever someone discusses a topic that has been discussed more than once?
Does China suffer a lot from the bystander effect?
How does one respond when people seem to project their inferiority complex on you?
Why do people want to know about a thing even if they don’t care?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
Why does a man feel vulnerable when a woman surprises him with a gift?
If shyness isn't a disability then why does it have to be overcome?
How can I stop pretending that I don't care about people or anything, because I actually do care?
Have you ever realized you had a really sturdy, trusting relationship by accident with a friend of the opposite sex?
How can I get the favor of the superior rich and powerful people?
Why is it that we want the ones that don't see us instead of the ones that do?
Why do people care about white washing?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
What do you think about studying psychology at Oxford? Are there any opinions?
Why do people judge other people’s age?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
Would the child of a murder victim be able to visit their parent's killer in prison?
Which do people prefer - the first bench or last bench?
What makes people more inclined towards a certain ideology or philosophy?
Why is dominating others the worst human personality trait?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
Why do children not care about what other people think of them, and what makes them change when they grow up?
Can you give me advice on my dating life—it's complicated?
How can I overcome shyness in front of people?
Leadership: Under which circumstances should you take responsibility for others' actions?
Are you socially awkward? Why?
Have you ever had a real-life "What Would You Do?" (ABC TV show) moment? If so, what did you do and were you pleased or disappointed with your response?
How can we apply Thibaut and Kelly's independence theory in living our lives?
Do you think people who commit suicide are the ultimate quitters of life?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
How do you measure social status?
Is showing being a victim a way of getting favour? What is the victim card?
What serious repercussions can come from leaving a passive-aggressive note on a car that was terribly parked?
What would be the way to become rich by using a time machine?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
What disorder includes someone who must be right and is too honest, hyperfocused, high-energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, logical, and insistent on perfection?
Is it appropriate to ask the professor who I worked as a Lab Manager for a letter of recommendation?
How does an introvert overcome procrastination and laziness quickly?
Why would someone who has a very high IQ achieve nothing worthwhile in their life?
If you could only save one person, would you save someone of your own race or of other race?
How can I cultivate an aura of prestige?
When there are questions about God and Christianity here in Quora, why do atheists flock and answer?
Why are some people unkind to and wary of strangers?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
Why do some people prefer fantasy and are addicted to it? Is it because of a lack of social interaction? What is this term called in psychology?
Why is society insane?
What do you think of Eric Barker's book Barking Up the Wrong Tree?
How can I eliminate my sensitivity?
What kind of flawed thinking is it when someone says, "I'll get a lot of customers once I advertise on #### website"?
Would you prefer to smile on a bicycle or cry in a BMW?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
Why do I tend to avoid interacting with people as I become increasingly familiar with them?
Why are some people not afraid of being judged by others?
How does a person come to behave in a passive aggressive manner?
"Every relationship has a limit. When that limit is reached it becomes fake." Is that true?
How can I psychoanalyse other people?
Do bipolar care about what others think about them? Do they hate being judged negatively?
Why are evil people so healthy while good people suffer from chronic diseases?
What would make a woman repeatedly fall for men she can't realistically be with?
I'm only 13 but honestly, what's the point of living?
Why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on power lines?
Can one buy their way into high society? If so, how? How much would it cost? Who in history has done it?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
What is the psychology behind worshipping a hero/strong man?
How would you describe a complainer?
How often do you swear?
How have cults been started in the past and how could one start now?
Is it ethical to attempt to change the beliefs of a closed-minded individual?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Why do models almost always date successful athletes?
How do I overcome the uncomfortable feeling when it comes to asking for help?
How can we help a person who have negativism inside them?
How can I take revenge on my teacher for taking my phone away and deliberately embarrassing me?
How does social media affect the brain?
What are the most popular new emojis added in 2016/17 and what do they mean?
How far you now from yourself? And what's make you "you"?
How do extroverts balance the need for interactions with others, with the need to be able to control some circumstances of their own activities?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
What does someone look like when they are confident about themselves?
How can I be less reserved, when getting to know people and be more spontaneous?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
Why are they making fun of depression?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
What is the difference between a flirty compliment and sexual harassment?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
Do snakes exhibit any group behavior related to social hierarchies?
Can you help me become less awkward and socially anxious at school? I have trouble relating to the other guys.
How do I earn respect in my daily life?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
Why do people use the "I don’t want this to ruin our friendship" excuse when they decide not to date a friend?
Is it right to help a friend during an exam?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why is 30 years old considered old?
Why do I feel like the cleaning lady at my parents house sees me as someone that could eventually take their job?
Why are farts socially unacceptable?
Is success in show business based mostly on luck and connections?
What is the psychology behind religion and why do intelligent people fall for it?
What is not caring what others think in a good way?
Why don't people care about my efforts?
How do you make someone have a crush on you?
Do you remember when you were young and had a "thing" with a guy or girl you were interested in? What do we call that situation as adults?
Do people not care that our resources are being depleted?
What is the most optimal school class size for the different age groups?
Is using psychological findings to stimulate people doing as one's wish considered as manipulation?
In which fields is social psychology used, and how?
What do you do if you are mad?
What is more important, how the creating force of this time-space judges you, or how your contemporaries do?
How can one control mob lynchings?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
Why do people think they'll find the answer to the nature of god and the afterlife on Quora?
Why should I care about people when they don't care about me anyways?
What is the single most underrated trait a person can have?
Do you need to care about other people as a student?
Men, what attracts you to women, and why?
Have you ever had someone in your life who was beyond patient with you? I have never had someone like that before.
Why doesn't anyone tell me to hangout even though I think I'm a really good and fun person?
Why do people care so much about these arbitrary rules of language?
Are "invisible friends" as unique to the US as koro to Japan, thus being culture-specific syndrome?
How would you react if a girl told you she meant every bit of support she shows you?
What are some tips on running a successful Meetup group?
Should you 'just be yourself' if you are a bad person? Or should you change to suit others?
How can I differentiate between the things which I actually don't want to do and the things which I don't do for other's sake?
What does being on a social break feel like?
Do unkind people also contribute to the world?
Why should humanity not vanish? Why are humans so egotistical and self-centred? Are humans altruistic by nature? Can any species ever be altruistic?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
Can stigma be life threatening medically and psychologically?
Why do people bully? Is it their inferiority complex that they bully to protect themselves or is it just plain ego?
What are the "social processes" in social psychology?
How do you convince extroverts that you're an introvert and need time alone without being judged harshly?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
What is the biggest lie you know that is almost universally accepted as truth?
I need help. I'm losing myself. I can't open up to anyone. I've completely withdrawn myself from the world. What's going on?
Why do guys playfully push and throw things at girls even as adults?
Why should anyone pay a spouse’s bills when he/she sabotaged his/her career by selling trade secrets just because of his/her ego?
What could you gather from a guy that watches Teen Wolf, The Originals and Riverdale? Isn't it a bit odd?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What are the best ways to become a catalyst to society dismantling leading to anarchy?
What are ways to find myself again?
What are some examples of social psychology perspectives?
How can we combat the 'bystander effect'?
Does an increased level of aggregate compassion among a population lead to decline in productivity? Is there a social/economic theory linked to this?
How can I shake off my sensitivity?
Is Christianity getting more popular in the west?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because my parents told me to?
What goes on in the minds of elderly people when girls bring their male friends into their rented home?
What are the qualities that makes someone pragmatic?
How can you get on with someone so well in real life but get ignored on Facebook?
What are the three most important things that most Americans don't understand about how the rest of the world views us?
How do you repay someone who always wants to help you but refuses to let you help them in return?
Why do some people treat people who love them worse than those who don't care about them?
How can I stop being a needy person?
Why don't strangers smile, say "hello," and acknowledge each other anymore?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
What's the use of socialization?
Why do I instinctively feel hostile toward obese people?
Why do ex's move on faster by getting into another relationship?
What is the simplest thing that anyone could do that could completely change society?
How can I impress other people?
What does it mean when a guy texts you regularly in the evening and the morning?
Why do intelligent and financially stable people not want kids?
I have faked a personality for a few years, but now I'm tired of doing it. What can I do?
What are the behaviors of strong people?
Do you consider yourself naive?
How would chickens (gallus gallus domesticus) behave when set free? Would they still be aggressive towards each other?
Can you fix a broken person?
Should I ask my former master's advisor for a letter of recommendation if he is no longer in academia?
Your group receives a message asking for help for an ill person. Should you tell the others that the person will not survive?
If someone is irritable, getting only up to three hours of sleep a night, and jumps from topic to topic when talking, what could be wrong?
Are humans really socially intelligent yet?
Which is worse, verbal or physical abuse?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
What questions can drive a conversation towards a specific goal? What goal and why does this work?
How you fight bullying in schools?
What do you hear about all the time on the internet but have yet to encounter in real life?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
What was the most shocking incident you have seen in the airport?
Do you think being introvert is bad?
Do people care about men's issues?
Does the increased presence of digital monopolies (Amazon, Facebook, Google, etc) increase herd-based thinking?
If gender is a social construct, is it a harmful or beneficial one?
How do social and personality psychology differ?
Who actually does not care what people think?
Why does a passive-aggressive partner stonewall for weeks on end?
How do you do more than just show tolerance to others who are different from you?
I can't believe other people. What should I do to overcome it?
How do I become a professional conversationalist*? I need a course on conversation skills. How does the addition of a course in a university work?
Do girls hate introverts?
Why do some people like to reject opinions of others?
What do people often get wrong about social interactions?
What are the levels of social status?
What is your favourite personality typing system? And how do you use it?
What does it mean when a guy sends you a photo of his outfit or new haircut?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Can anyone say about evolution and parental care?
What's the difference in a passive-aggressive relationship and a narcissistic one?
What was the last lie you told, and why did you decide to lie?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
How do you deal with a friend with passive-aggressive behaviour?
In what countries do people not care about a politician’s marital status?
How many people would rejoice if you died?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
What is the reason that people often give verdicts on others’ afterlife?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
What do you do when a lot of people are taking pictures of you for some reason you aren't aware of and it happens almost everyday? (around school)
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
What makes the character Deadpool so lovable?
How drastically different would the world be, if the original designers of the internet had established it in such a way, making anonymity impossible?
Why would my aunt want to speak to every single person in my family to tell them that my cousin has bought a car?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
If you said thank you to someone over the phone who'd just answered your question and they simply hung up, would you be offended?
On a class trip, at night I am scared that one of my classmates will steal from me or hurt me during my sleep. What can I do?
Under what circumstances do emojis lead to better communication?
How does an introverted, shy and highly sensitive guy do acting?
Could you get access to closed places and events if you just play very confident and important?
What can you say to comfort someone who broke a bone and won't be able to do physical activity for a year?
Is being an introvert the reason why social interaction does not seem natural for me?
What effects do the GOTG, LEGO and Flash (TV) series, which utilizes extensive references to other pop media, tries to have on their audience?
Why do we seek validation from worthless people?
Why do people care so much about the emancipation proclamation?
How out of touch is Pepsi management after such a tone deaf commercial?
Why do some people need to tell a lie just to brag?
Other than a past lover, who has betrayed your trust the most?
How do you insert multiple worksheets from the same excel file into a word doc?
How can I defend myself when people at the place I volunteer are trying to block my performance and stonewalling me?
How can a girl know if a person is a bad person?
How many types of stupidity are there?
When a woman puts herself in a vulnerable situation with a guy, does he perceive her trust?
What's the most challenging thing as an empath or simply as someone who is highly sensitive?
Why are social rules formulated?
Why do people always have opinions about other’s life?
Is making fun of somebody worse than hurting them physically?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
What do you do as a living and how did you get where you are today?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
What is the difference between being social as opposed to being intelligent?
What draws people to xenonationalism?
What makes someone a twinky?
How do I reduce or stop ass sweat?
If a guy starts pointing out all of the things you do or say that make him smile, is that a sign of emotional attachment?
Why is it that when one has an abnormal IQ, their social and psychological behavior is irregular?
How do we control how people treat us?
What is the self-social psychology?
How am I able to read people so well without knowing it or trying to?
What do socially adept people know that other people don't?
Do you think that people can be put on a spectrum going from absolute good to pure evil? Why?
How can you tell the difference between friendly and intimate touch?
Why do I care a lot about others?
Why do people talk more about you in their mind than in person?
What pain are you willing to endure?
Why do people nitpick other people?
How do ISFJs believe they are perceived by others?
Why is it considered good that people don't care about you if you aren't a celebrity or any other famous person?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why do people try to eat peppers that are at least 1 million Scovilles?
What do you do when your wristwatch gets broken?
Do people inherently fear or distrust someone who identifies as a nihilist?
What must be the reason that I don't get approached?
Why does everyone hate me?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
Is it possible for someone who has social phobia to also display sociopathic tendencies?
I honestly don't care at all what anyone thinks about me. Why do people care so much about how they are perceived?
Why do I become irritated after a day of social interaction?
How can the need for CEO’s or owners to own something vs to rent it (IT infrastructure) be described or explained in psychological terms?
If a train was headed towards five people, but you could make it go towards two people, what would you do?
Why do the people that care about me call me a good person when I know I am not?
Why is it so hard to tell someone they are doing something that hurts your feelings?
How do I stop caring about how I appear (personality-wise)/what others think about me?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do scientists explain that some people don't care about reading spoilers on the Internet?
What are you doing to help other people? (It can be any type of help, to anyone.)
How do I overcome emotional bullies in college?
Why should we invest our time and energy for friendships?
How can I respect conservatives when they go against everything I believe is right? I believe in socialism. I'm pro cannabis, pro LGBT, and pro choice.
Should I be offended if people who are not African make jokes about how stupid Africans are?
Why do I always care about other people’s views of myself?
Are there any secure facilities in the UK to care for people with dementia who are dangerous to other patients?
Does curiosity decrease proneness to herd thinking?
What kind of mental disorder do you have when you feel lonely every single time you are alone?
How can I change my brat nephew?
What makes us argue so heatedly over things we know little about?
Why is it bad to eavesdrop when you can realise the true intentions of the person and their true character?
What have you taken the full blame for when others were just as culpable so as to make a problematic thing go away sooner or not appear as bad?
Why do men feel shame about being wrong? How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
Why is it that the more we care, the more we get hurt by people?
What are the effects of negative and positive peer pressure?
As you moved from your 20s into your 30s, did you find yourself less interested in making/keeping female friends?
How can I control all the people in the world?
Is it exhausting to have haters?
Can men and women just be friends if they admit mutual attraction?
What do libertarians think of Sebastian Junger's book, Tribe, and its promotion of communitarian values and skepticism about Western individualism?
How do you get to where, you don't care what other people think?
Why does it seem like life is getting harder in every man made institutionalized system in the west?
How can I not care about what others think about me, when I have to coexist with those people on a daily basis?
Why do people care how others squander their money?
Does Tori Guy enjoy being a bumpkin?
Are emotions and IQ inversely proportional to each other?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
What do you do when someone says you have hurt their feelings and they are starting not to care?
Does doing Engineering in India mean following the herd? (Read the description.)
Was this foot/leg pointing done for attention?
India does not care about its own slums. Why does India say that India cares about the standards of living of the people in Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
What do you consider good progress in society ?
Are there documented cases of empath extroverts?
Why can’t I live without being addicted to something?
Is it true that being poor brings inferiority complex?
What would happen to the world if the emotion of fear suddenly disappeared?
Did human society make females overly care about their looks and not care about judgements?
Is rebooting a cable modem a sort of homeopathy for lost internet connections?
Why should one empathize and sympathize for the lazy, unhealthy, ill, and uneducated? What do we do after curing them?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
How can I care less about others' judgments of me?
What is lack of conformity?
Which countries in the world have the highest levels of social mobility?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What do you consider sufficient social interaction?
What is it to waste life? I feel I am wasting mine. What should I do?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
Can you be socially competent despite no social interaction in real life?
If humans need social interaction to live is harmful interaction still good?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
How much reciprocity is necessary to sustain, regenerate, and create an abundant life source?
Is selfishness self-made or inflicted upon one by others?
Why are some people so callous to others?
My 2017 boards exam had gone bad. I'm under immense pressure. What should I do to relieve myself from this trauma?
Do the liberals that articulate the most inconsequential component(s) of an argument to be annoying or are they literally that stupid?
What does your branch of Buddhism believe of homosexuality?
Is feeling lonely a type of emotional disorder?
Why do people even care about the sexuality of other people, and sometimes violently object to it?
What are good examples of unique customs that highlight universal truths of social behavior?
Have you ever felt an inferiority complex in MBA colleges like IIM, XLRI, or SP Jain where people around you were just better and smarter than you?
Is passive-aggressive behavior a trait of covert narcissism?
How can I endure a lot of pressure and stress from work and life?
Does my boss really value my work?
Is it possible to genuinely and wholeheartedly not care about what others say?
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
Why do some people criticize other people for mourning about an incident and not mourning about countless others around the world?
I love a girl but don’t have the courage to tell her. How can I get over my emotions and forget her?
How do I research people’s behavior for psychology?
How can I get over my obsessive thoughts that I need to be famous in order to have a "good and meaningful" life?
What is the psychological explanation behind how people become selfish?
What is the best way a person can get rid of his limiting beliefs?
What makes a person spend their money?
Is it normal for people that know me to not greet me?
How do I remove inferiority complex about my country?
How can I eradicate myself from this world?
Why don't people care that Hitler was trying to fix the economy and help people?
Do you think introverts actually want to be extroverts?
It seems people on Instagram have a good life. For example, traveling, enjoying good food, wearing good clothes, etc. Are they real or fake?
Should I tell the theater teacher about how much they negatively affected my life, for closure?
How far would you go if someone call you names?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
Are there any good boys or co-ed schools in Darjeeling and Siliguri that provide sociology and psychology for humanities?
Why can't we treat both genders the same?
How do I get over my ex boyfriend's new relationship?
Is it possible to completely understand how people feel in specific situations without being able to relate to them?
Do I need to seek psychological or medical help or am I overreacting? If I do need help, how can I cure myself?
How do psychologists and sociologists view social issues (e.g. crime, violence, conflict or terrorism) differently?
How do I escape social awkwardness?
What kind of things should you avoid revealing about yourself to people?
How much do you care about self-fulfillment instead of supporting other people besides yourself?
Do we care if the human race continues to exist/thrive in the distant future?
Why do some Quorans answer as if they are the perfect human beings with all the values? Are they being true to themselves when they do that?
Is it more psychologically damaging if a child grows up with a father who is emotionally absent and abusive rather than growing up without a father?
Should you tell someone close to you, everything that happens to you?
I am looking for the name of a historical woman who carried sick newborns around and their health improved dramatically. Do you know her name?
Do sensitive people have trouble being persuasive and/or direct?
Why do we as people only care when someone in the first class dies? People don't care when people in a poor country get killed?
What are the differences between editions of the Social Animal by Eliot Aronson?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
Is giving random applause to bad drivers considered passive aggressive?
Why do only married women are supposed to have identifying symbols and not married men?
Why did my father tell me to go find a locksmith during my 1-year-old son’s 1st birthday party and in consequence miss out on singing happy bday?
What are some of the situations where people used reverse psychology to their aid?
How do you characterize negative and positive peer pressure?
What should be done when you get to know that your 13-year-old brother not only watches porn but stimulates this idea within his friends?
Is Rabia Kapoor actually an introvert?
Why do people often try to parent other people's children?
How does an Indian man tamper with a woman's self-esteem?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
Why do people react violently when a person doesn't follow the social norms?
Are there social rules that should be amended?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
Why do people care so much about their beauty?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
At what age does it become socially acceptable for a guy to dine alone at a restaurant?
Is bullying beneficial?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
Should I be upfront and tell the woman I used to date that it is OK for her to bring up her kid's dad in our conversations?
My girlfriend doesn't have friends. How should I deal with it?
Since when do you not care about whether your partner is pretty enough for you?
Does facing adversity make you more sensitive to the suffering of others?
What am I frustrated and angry at?
Seen from the point of view of the spiritually awakened, what is the Matrix?
What do you think would happen if someone lived with little to no contact with people starting after the age of 18?
What do I do with a passive-aggressive wife?
Are more people passive aggressive in the service professions?
Why doesn't someone make an affordable .405 WCF?
Why are most arguments against suicide ultimately an appeal to sentiment or social construct?
Is it weird that I developed the habit of telling myself what others think of me, even though I don't care about people?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
What do social psychologists do and what is the scope of social psychology in India and other countries abroad?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
Why do humans want to dominate their fellow beings?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
Do people with low self esteem and insecurities become targets?
Why do some people find high social status attractive?
I'm surrounded by limited thinking and lazy people. I've become one as well. How do I get out of this situation?
Will hurling harsh abuse at my dad whenever he has a cigarette help him to give up smoking?
How did Hitler go from socially awkward to a persuasive speaker and leader?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
Is it true that people are not born evil, they are made evil?
What are the levels of approach from human relationships, speaking of psychological factors and sociological interactions?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Are there psychology summer research programs for seniors and college graduates?
I'm an introvert, and see social interaction as tiring, and sometimes, a waste of time. How do I enjoy social interaction more?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differentiate?
Has Quora become the home of introverts?
Why do people care so much about left handedness?
What is the best way to charm a person who is being passive aggressive?
What is the likelihood that a guy would ask a girl to go with him to his yoga class just because he loves yoga?
What are your observations about the psychology of "Flat Earth" believers?
Do people pretend not to care when they actually do?
Why is it hard to use proper English like others?
A colleague kept belittling me in meetings. He gets angry when I give a different opinion & start shouting in front of everyone. Is this normal?
What should I do if I care for others and they do not care for me?
Why do people swear at politicians in public meetings?
Psychologically, do people prefer to see smaller numbers go up (1,2,3…40) or larger numbers (1000, 2000, 3000…40000)?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
How can I improve in my interactions with children?
What are some subtle things people do/say and strategies they use to undermine you and put you down in social situations and interactions?
If you could take your pick on how to kill your most hated enemy, how would you do it? (provide context as needed)
Should I be offended if someone doesn't feel comfortable with me because I am not a 'visible' person of color?
Why do people fight you when you are providing evidence to show where they are thinking about something incorrectly?
Why do people care about their partner's sexual history?
How can I pretend that I care about other people?
When should I care what people think about me?
How do you categorize the relationship with a man who does one thing and says another?
Recently I've been opposed to even the slightest touch of human contact (even by my close friends) and I'm kind of worried for myself. What should I do?
What is inter-purpose conflict? How is it different from inter-intention conflict?
How do I cope with school when all students choose their friends based on others’ status (rich, naughty, poor, nerd)?
How do I learn to care about other people?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
Do you recognize the cheapness or are you critical of many types of group dynamics?
Why would a guy ask a girl to go to yoga with him?
How does a girl respectfully point out a man is in the wrong without making him feel shame?
When you meet someone that appears young and wealthy, do you typically assume it's mommy and daddy's money?
Why do some people love everything related with knowledge and other people really don't care?
Why do fans make us feel cool?
Do we as humans tend to sympathise more with women than we do with men? How does it manifest in today's society?
Some people say that leaving someone in solitary is the worst form of torture, but would it be so bad for someone who enjoys being alone?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
Why do people care so much about appearance and status?
What are the first five things that come to your mind when you think about the following - terror, faith, culture, history and power?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
What is the reason behind social comparison, especially over social media platforms? How can one overcome the need to compare?
How do I think faster than and different from you?
What is the appeal of myth in psychology and sociology?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
What's something people have belittled you for caring about?
Why do I get affected by things which never affected me in the past?
Where does the complex of inferiority come from?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
What tactics/techniques can I use to ACCELERATE the pace of my self-improvement and understanding?
What makes someone a liar?
Assuming proof existed, could any "good" result from learning about average genetic differences in socially valued traits between human groups?
Do robbers target luxury homes, average homes, or poor looking homes?
How predominant is internalized racism within people from East Asia (Korea, China and Japan)?
Why do passive-aggressive people tend to aggravate me so much, and does that mean I'm a mean person?
Why do some people treat people who love them worse than those who don't care about them?
Does ASPD make you lonely?
How should I improve my social life as an INTP?
Can one heal from narcissistic abuse with a professional and learn to cope with living with a narcissist, or is no contact the only option?
If you only had a choice between being curious or smart-which would you choose and why?
What's the use of socialization?
How can a 10 years old boy stops defining himself according to his parents' identities and learn to be aware of his personal identity?
Will human social interaction have any purpose in the distant future?
Why don't people in Kerala care about water use?
How can we overcome inferiority complex in front of ultra modern society?
Why does it motivate some people when others make them feel down?
Why don't people care about things that don't directly affect them?
Why do people protect, help or defend strangers or the weak without expecting anything in return?
Is it possible for a conversation to have more than 3-4 participants?
What is the simplest thing that anyone could do that could completely change society?
Have you ever noticed that men fish for worry from women like women fish for compliments from men? Why?
What type of person I am?
I'm not the kind of woman who falls for players yet he got me. How do I get past the feeling of shame?
How can I get to terms with the fact that attractive people get to experience sexuality and attraction much more lustful and exciting than ugly ones?
I have faked a personality for a few years, but now I'm tired of doing it. What can I do?
How easy is it to confuse simple awkwardness with a judgmental vibe?
How can someone actually love themselves if they feel unloved and unwanted?
My mom is completely white and my dad is completely black but I look completely white. What do I put down when I am asked what race I am?
Why am I always so awkwardly silent, even with my friends? People always call me boring.
How would chickens (gallus gallus domesticus) behave when set free? Would they still be aggressive towards each other?
How can I overcome shyness, low self-confidence and low self-esteem all at once?
Your group receives a message asking for help for an ill person. Should you tell the others that the person will not survive?
How do I avoid overreacting and getting angry and frustrated when discussing with other people?
How long should I wait for a reply email?
How do I let go of the idea that I won't find anyone like him ever again?
Would people who support someone's bad behavior privately still continue to do so if the bad behavior became public?
How can you tell if a man doesn't trust you?
What is the need for superficial socialization?
Which question(s) would you ask an individual to get the basic idea about his personality?
When was studying in schools/universities harder/easier?
Why are people in the West so intelligent and smart compared to people in East?
How do you think Vault 7 from Wikileaks has changed the world?
Why are most current reality shows about wealthy, vulgar and stupid people only?
How do I get my mom to understand that I'm socially awkward?
What do you think about social media and friendship?
Why are there so many passive aggressive questions about Trump?
How do we end racism and racial bias in the Western World?
Should I stay in another country with a full time job but no friends, or go home to friends and unemployment?
How does a pecking order contribute to social behavior?
If somebody wants to know about psychology, what should be their introduction to psychology, if they were looking to use it and learn about it?
Why do some people like to reject opinions of others?
Does my best friend care about me? She always tells me things about her life, but when I do it, she's kinda unapproachable.
What are some effective but morally questionable psychology tricks?
What is the term used to describe someone who pretends to know about psychology?
Is being passive a bad thing?
Can you die from social isolation?
My friend had sex with her boyfriend, but had to be persuaded into it. Is this rape?
Why is social isolation bad?
How do I stop getting intimidated by someone due to their size, physical appearance, social status or social rank?
Why do people want to be liked?
I'm a really lovable and caring person but I always seem to care more about other people instead of caring about myself. Should I keep doing this?
When and why was the carrying family name cultural tradition passing from father to son established?
Does being introverted have much to do with not wanting to have sex that much?
Do you think that those popular teenagers who pretend that they are cold-hearted are acually cold-hearted or do they just want to appear interesting?
Would you rather have the "perfect" appearance and be charismatic, or be extremely intelligent, creative and slightly socially awkward?
Why are there so few followers of ESTJ and ISTJ topics on Quora?
To what extent do you care what others think?
Why did my wife’s biological mother ask me why I wanted to marry my wife? Is it because she is crazy?
Why can't one human being trust another human being easily? Why do we need laws, rules and regulations to keep everyone in check?
Have you ever realized you and another person are completely dysfunctional but have great chemistry?
Should men with Asperger's who want to date women work on their looks more than on their social skills (which can't be improved)?
What are some good examples of social concepts in psychology?
Why is no one ever able to relate to or understand me at all, while I find it easy to do so with most people?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
Why do people often care more about 'intelligence' than effort?
Why do I fail at fighting social awkwardness?
Why do we care about what others think of us, and when we realize the problem, how come nothing changes?
What is the reason that people often give verdicts on others’ afterlife?
Is it weird that I find myself beautiful?
Why are you so nosy?
How do I get less attached to my family and friends and move on with my life?
Why would a girl with whom you have never talked to or seen on a daily basis at a jogging park, change directions when seeing you?
A sadistic psychopath is after me. If he manages to attack me, what can I do or say to at least annoy him one last time?
What can be said about a person who says he can do things but in reality cannot?
Why is Urie Bronfenbrenner's ecological theory considered psychological and not sociological?
Don't Americans in general care very much about what others might think of them?
I like to ask why and talk about philosophy and science, am I a boring person because I like deep conversation?
Is ignoring ignorant or rude comments on social media really always the best policy?
What is the difference between the values and rationale of a cult vs. society at large?
Under what circumstances do emojis lead to better communication?
What is the biological reason of the shyness?
How do you deal with people asking you personal questions?
If I stop eating and drinking now, how long will it take to die?
Why is social interaction important to human health?
What things or traits or behaviours can be attributed as a person's own, and which ones can be considered as borrowed?
Why is it that when a guy pretends that he is arrogant and cold hearted he becomes more interesting but with girls it's not the same?
Why are good people considered fools in this evil world?
What are some behavioral examples of a frenemy?
Why was I confident as a child, but not now as a teenager?
What do I do if a girl shows interest in the club/dancing?
How much of what straight men do and what they like are the result of social expectations?
How do I control my boss mind?
Other than a past lover, who has betrayed your trust the most?
How do you insert multiple worksheets from the same excel file into a word doc?
What are the emotional challenges that some single children might face in their personal/social life?
What are some examples of social factors in psychology?
Why do I get a profound satisfaction when I overpower a group on my own? (in anything) The lesser the effort, and the bigger the group, the better.
Does being a polyglot make you more of an intellectual?
Why did my wife’s biological mother warn me about a possible fight between the father of my wife’s 5-year-old son from a previous relationship and myself?
Can constructive criticism cause more harm than good?
What do you do as a living and how did you get where you are today?
Why do psychopaths/sociopaths have to wear a 'mask' when they say that they don't care what people think about them?
Why are mixed couples in which the male is White not criticized as severely as when the female is White?
When women consistently don't make eye contact with me, it makes me feel that I’m not someone worthy of acknowledgement. Is this feeling justified?
How can I become a Nunchi?
Why does the cooking lady act sometimes as if her coworker, the cleaning lady, is the boss?
Rasicm: How can I be more tolerant of other cultures?
How is it possible to really move on for good in my life, to forgive the past, and to live mindfully in the present, after I have lived miserably for 23 years?
What are the available subjects in BSC social psychology?
Is there a psychological explanation for why I get turned on by dressing literally hot?
What's the best way for a society to fight ignorance?
Why do I always want physical affection, despite having a loving family?
Why do men tell you things to get you to worry about them?
How do you argue with a millionaire?
What are the social benefits and detriments to trusting?
What do socially adept people know that other people don't?
Where I can find a database of last words writing by people committed suicide?
What makes someone part of the capitalist class?
Why do I feel like the cleaning maid wants me to leave my parents house and go live somewhere else?
Why do people nitpick other people?
Why do some people look like they belong in a certain social groups?
Is it true that the things we hate in others are actually the things we hate in ourselves?
Which MBTI types love and hate competitive ball sports?
Do you think that Trump supporters tend to respond to gut feeling more than reason?
How do I deal with a teenager who's been neglected for most of his life?
Why do people sterotype and make fun of intelligence, yet then use intelligent people to their advantage?
Why do people generally laugh when a female punches a man, but as soon as the man punches back they all rush in to stop the fight?
Is yelling at someone an efficient way to get out to them?
What kind of GIFs and emojis do you wish existed but don't yet?
What must I do when I come across selfish people?
Why do we stress when other people are stressed?
What makes you believe you are contrarian? And how do you avoid the herd mentality?
What are the pitfalls of using GIFs?
How can I find someone in a new place who has the same taste as I do?
Should we care what other people think about us?
Why would another guy tap you on the back after using the bathroom as you walk inside the bathroom to use it?
What does it mean when the man I dated for 4 months text me, "you have no idea how crazy you make me…"?
What kind of mental disorder do you have when you feel lonely every single time you are alone?
Should we care what strangers think about us?
How do I pee in the presence of others?
Should I rent my own place or stay with family?
What have you taken the full blame for when others were just as culpable so as to make a problematic thing go away sooner or not appear as bad?
After people found out more about me, I was shunned from society. What should I do?
What should I put on my 101 in 1001 Days bucket list?
How does partisanship make us less smart?
Why do people have patterns of leaving others and then coming back? And how can one improve this?
Is it fine to avoid a shabby-looking and uneducated cousin or brother?
Do people care about your achievements?
How can I change my facial expressions?
Is it exhausting to have haters?
Why is social status so important? Why does it matter more to some people than others?
Is there a good way to not feel bad when you read insults that are indirectly targeted toward you (e.g.: “All woman are bitches.”)?
What do libertarians think of Sebastian Junger's book, Tribe, and its promotion of communitarian values and skepticism about Western individualism?
Can trying to be congenial to others upon meeting them be misinterpreted as kiss-assery?
Are humans social because of biological or sociological reasons?
How do I not be socially awkward in small talks?
If I find relief in hating people, should I keep doing it or do something about it?
How can I make somebody pass out without leaving any permanent damage or any clues?
What are some examples of safe spaces?
What issues do adult children of narcissists face, and how can they over come them to lead a healthy life?
What makes someone engaging to you? What makes you want to get to know someone?
What are some examples of social facilitation in psychology?
What causes attraction? Can you help being attracted to someone? Or is it something that can't be helped? Are you attracted based on your upbringing?
Why do I care so much about things that should be unconcerning?
What was Rousseau's precise opinion about private property?
How do l calm down burning fire of anger inside me and keep quiet?
Who is responsible for what a person says and does to another person?
What do you own that you care about more than you care about most people?
Do guys find girls that are smart attractive?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm not used to talking to people?
What do you think of people who always complain whenever someone discusses a topic that has been discussed more than once?
How can we improve persuasion and convincing skills?
Could automatic behavior be associated with certain social interactions?
Should minors be required to have parental consent for abortion?
Do people care what you have to say?
What do you consider sufficient social interaction?
How do you stay fresh in a world where taste and priorities are always changing?
My friends are laughing at and making me feel like almost everything I do is wrong, what should I do?
How would you deal with someone that you share peanut butter with, but they stick their fingers in to scoop instead of using a spoon?
How can multiculturalism strengthen a homogeneous society?
When scandals become public, do most people continue to support them or do they cut ties?
How do you flirt when you're socially awkward?
Was there a particular strategy behind why Trump repeated the keywords "Obama" and "wiretap" in a 27 minute continuous roll out of tweets?
Why would you not feel insignificant and not important as a human being if you have been abandoned by your mother when you were 6 years old?
How does it feel to be a 'neurotypical' person?
How do I control the bad words I speak when I’m angry?
What are some reasons nobody should have an inferiority complex?
Should you interview people in your personal life like you interview people for a job to try to determine if they will be a good fit for you?
Can you be socially competent despite no social interaction in real life?
Why is dominating others the worst human personality trait?
What is a psychological hack?
Do INFPs tend to be more judgmental than others perceive? Do they like to gossip/ to criticize people?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
Why are we more creative when dreaming?
Leadership: Under which circumstances should you take responsibility for others' actions?
As a society, are we lagging in race relations? We are progressive on many fronts but are we becoming an inclusive and "colorblind" society?
What book would you recommend on human and social behaviour?
Considering the outcomes of the Milgram experiment, what can be the best framework for an efficient institution?
Do the liberals that articulate the most inconsequential component(s) of an argument to be annoying or are they literally that stupid?
Is feeling lonely a type of emotional disorder?
Could not being hugged or told that I'm loved for two years affect me for the rest of my life? I'm aware of being skin starved.
Do you think people who commit suicide are the ultimate quitters of life?
Why do people even care about the sexuality of other people, and sometimes violently object to it?
Why do I smile when I'm insecure? And how can I stop doing it?
What makes someone engaging?
What role can cognitive psychology play in the application of AR/VR in museums (informal learning environments)?
Why do many teenagers have a 'depressed' phase?
Why are foreigners helping us Bangladeshis but our own people don't care about our country?
Does my boss really value my work?
When is it appropriate to use ghosting in online social situations?
Why do some people get mad when you "play devil's advocate"? Isn't it healthy & essential to use counter-advocacy for just about everything?
How did the Dutch greet each other in the 1950s?
Why did my aunt choose to discourage my brother?
Why do people care about what Ali Alshamsi does, or how much money he makes, etc.?
What are some social psychological interventions for religious discrimination in the workplace?
Why do conservatives seem less sensitive to criticism than liberals?
Does it mean a guy is into you if he clearly likes it when you worry about him?
Is social climbing a good thing or a bad thing?
What is the psychological explanation behind how people become selfish?
What is the best way a person can get rid of his limiting beliefs?
Why do people care about the smell at the gym?
I'm socially awkward and when I'm high I realise how bad it is. I feel like I need serious help. What do I do?
Why do I cringe and feel awkward for people?
Why do people only care about sex?
As civilization continues to advance, what will be the next major changes to our views on cultural norms that change over time?
Remember the man who confessed to killing Jon Benet Ramsay, but didn't? What should have been done with him?
How do people feel about coming to a new, modern world in which technology is heavily depended on?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
Why are some people unkind to and wary of strangers?
Do you have any tips and techniques from a superior person to get work done?
What are some examples of passive aggressive statements?
Why are biracial Asians more likely to be diagnosed with mental illnesses than monoracial?
Why do some people prefer fantasy and are addicted to it? Is it because of a lack of social interaction? What is this term called in psychology?
Why is society insane?
Why do most people respect jerks more than honest, decent people?
Why could I have such a bad tendency to be clingy?
How do you deal with someone that purposefully accuses you of everything that goes wrong, even when they know that they caused the issue?
Which professional should I see for personal general advice?
Do we care if the human race continues to exist/thrive in the distant future?
Why do I tend to avoid interacting with people as I become increasingly familiar with them?
How can we stop human trafficking and modern slavery?
Has the "herd mentality" of humans ever caused you to have a negative experience?
How can I not care what others think about me? Are there any useful strategies?
Do women think there's something wrong with you if you have no interest in dating?
Why do people not care about taking care of our environment for future generations?
Is it possible to go through life without anyone knowing if you're a boy or girl, man or woman?
How do I convince my friend who is a philanderer (not in a sexual way) from proposing to a simple girl?
Why are evil people so healthy while good people suffer from chronic diseases?
Why did my father tell me to go find a locksmith during my 1-year-old son’s 1st birthday party and in consequence miss out on singing happy bday?
What is social interaction, and what are some types of social interaction?
How do I determine if someone is trustworthy?
Can one buy their way into high society? If so, how? How much would it cost? Who in history has done it?
Is it customary to hold the door for others who are approaching?
Is it a desperate attempt to hang onto you if they say "I'll change"?
What is true authenticity? Is it sane to be truly authentic? At what point does authenticity become too much for happiness?
Can you see an unresolved Oedipus complex in extreme left slanted handwriting?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
Why are annoying people that are talked about often given limitless leeway but not the one talking about them?
When should you help someone who does not want help?
Is it common for unattractive, broke, unsuccessful people with low standards to obsessively hate on people who have it all?
Do extremely formal people irritate you?
Biologically, what makes people more awkward than others?
How could I lower my expectations of people?
Do sociopaths care about what others think?
How do I make someone my subaffiliate?
Why am I always hearing my name?
Can abused children without families or support ever find peace and become functional on their own as adults?
What are the most popular new emojis added in 2016/17 and what do they mean?
Should you care about people around you respect you or not?
My parents deny the emotional instability my brother is causing me, what can I do?
Being an introvert, I know socializing isn't one of my strengths. How do introverts manage the cruelty of silence when running out of words in any conversation?
Is there anything specific I could say or do to win any argument?
What can an adult child of narcissistic parents do to recover and lead a healthy life?
Should I be upfront and tell the woman I used to date that it is OK for her to bring up her kid's dad in our conversations?
I want to quit my job and start a business to help under privileged people. Is it stupid?
What do social psychologists do and what is the scope of social psychology in India and other countries abroad?
Is it right to help a friend during an exam?
Why do I feel like the cleaning lady at my parents house sees me as someone that could eventually take their job?
What does the double eyes emoji mean?
What are your thoughts on the concept that someone with mental illness cannot be a victim of discrimination, because the condition cannot be seen?
Will hurling harsh abuse at my dad whenever he has a cigarette help him to give up smoking?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt ask me what I find attractive about my wife and tell me that she considered my wife ugly?
What can you tell about a person's level of intelligence from their facial reactions and microexpressions?
Do I have a psychological problem?
Over the years I've taken many tests and always come out as ENTP, how can I improve or enrich my life by knowing this?
How can there be many genders if gender is a social construct?
Why do some people have the tendency to project an image of wealth even though they are not wealthy at all?
Why do people care so much about left handedness?
Why do we care so much about others?
With reference to the latest empirical studies, how do we explain the biochemical and psychological factors that influence interpersonal attraction?
Is saying "I'm pessimistic" considered pessimist by itself?
Would you accept to have sex with Donald Trump for an entire hour in exchange of 50 million dollars?
Why do people swear at politicians in public meetings?
How can I stop a person from jumping to conclusions about me?
Has someone ever mistaken you for someone else?
Why do I still care about people that underestimate me?
Do you believe in the concept of the Evil Eye?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt say that my wife and I are from different socio-economical classes?
When did cigarettes become socially unacceptable?
How do I win over a person who has done psychology?
What are some examples of social mores in psychology?
How do you not care about what others think?
Is it really so bad that I have no friends, by choice?
Is it true that Bernie cares about helping ordinary people while the rest of Congress mostly care about their own wealth and position?
What is inter-purpose conflict? How is it different from inter-intention conflict?
Why doesn't anyone tell me to hangout even though I think I'm a really good and fun person?
What would happen if private life were forbidden?
Why do fans make us feel cool?
What would young people say that they care about if we asked 26,000 of them?
What are some tips on running a successful Meetup group?
Do we as humans tend to sympathise more with women than we do with men? How does it manifest in today's society?
How hard is it to find real friends? i.e. people that actually care about your well-being.
Can you have an entire conversation using GIFs and would that be considered a new language?
What would I call being scared of a lot of things?
Is it true that someone you find attractive might not necessarily be attractive to someone else?
What can you infer about someone who has more than 2,700 friends on Facebook?
Does messaging on Quora seem cheap or desperate?
What does a therapist say to someone with self-hatred in psychotherapy?
What is social interaction and what is the elements and types of social interaction?
Have you been practicing compassion?
Can one be satisfied socially by having only online relationships?
Why do people care so much about appearance and status?
What's passive aggressive tendencies?
Why should I care about the opinions of strangers?
You have a gun to your head. It's you or a complete stranger. That stranger is a child. What do you do?
A team of people is left on an island. What psychological tricks can you use in order to be accepted as their leader?
Why do I get affected by things which never affected me in the past?
What happens if a robber tries to rob someone who doesn't have any money to give, because he's broke or bankrupt?
What is the society interaction?
Do you believe there are different races?
Assuming proof existed, could any "good" result from learning about average genetic differences in socially valued traits between human groups?
How do I manage with roommates (stranger) if you are sharing room away from hometown?
Why would my aunt discourage me from taking a good opportunity whilst encouraging her daughter for the same?
How quickly do social skills "rot" after a period of little use?
Should I change my friend circle? And if yes, how ?
Why do many of my old friends start to avoid and ignore me, after I clearly declared that I am taking full responsibility for my own life?
What are 12 psychological hacks to improve the outcome of any social situation?
What is fairness entitlement syndrome?
Does your wife complain about you watching porn?
Why do some people consider actors to be pretentious? Why are their award shows called pretentious? Would you say these people judging are correct?
Could one predict what kind of 'cheap' stance a certain populace or community would take on any given slightly challenging issue or problem?
How can I overcome my dependency to social media?
How easy is it to confuse simple awkwardness with a judgmental vibe?
Why does somebody know you for 2 seconds and call you shy?
What are the best tips to overcome my inferiority complex?
Due to watching porn and 'what will people think', I have difficulty to talk to girls. How can I over come?
How do I stop inferiority complex of being a slow learner and absorber and just start to live in a highly competitive society?
Some people like to think in binary terms, black and white. Why is nuance so hard for them?
Why do so many friends I see have egos?
If people are such social beings, then why do introverts exist?
What is the psychological explanation of people who live their lives in a constant state of competition?
What is the psychological or sociological dynamic behind the apparent tendency of British people to not express their feelings?
What's the easiest way to flash a social smile in the workplace when you don't find something funny?
I get sick of people I'm friends with over time. Why is this?
How do I handle unannounced visitors?
Why would people confuse confidence with arrogance? Is it because they're insecure,so they try to bring you down to boost their self-esteem? What is it?
How do you become an interesting and creative person (How to overcome nervousness in order to be myself) ?
How can we make people fully grasp that truth, JUSTICE and CARING for others are more important than personal interests and gains?
Why does my wife refuse to sign a receipt for the money that I provide her monthly?
How can we make people care more about recycling resources?
Can you die from social isolation?
My friend had sex with her boyfriend, but had to be persuaded into it. Is this rape?
Why is it difficult to put one's nation before one’s religion? If religion really defines us as people, then why do we have nations?
What are some lesser known/ understood psychological facts?
What do you do if you find out someone made fun of your appearance and your friends laughed with them behind your back?
Why do we like some people more than others?
What can be an explanation for an 80 years old man having girlfrends during his lifetime for at least 20 years younger?
Why can't one human being trust another human being easily? Why do we need laws, rules and regulations to keep everyone in check?
What would be the psychological and social effects of a world without privacy?
How can a male teenager of 18 years old become mature?
What are must known psychological and sociological theories that every marketing professional know?
Why are we so interested in what others think of us?
How can one be selectively social?
Why do I fail at fighting social awkwardness?
What is the psychological reason behind "Gloomy Sunday" being so depressing?
Is it being self-centered or selfish if someone gets upset that I did not give them a ride in my car?
Is it being unconfident to not be able to ask a woman to be her friend for benefits?
Can people who completed their BA with a major in sociology become counsellors if they get a master’s degree in counselling?
Can you get two masters in psychology and sociology?
How do I stop feeling like everyone hates me at my new job?
How can I get a girlfriend when I don’t think I’m worth anyone’s time?
How can you help a 9 yr old boy who is violent and socially awkward?
If we thank people too much then does it look bad?
How can I stop being a conversation killer?
Is it acceptable to judge people according to social groups?
Is it true that average person use too many swear words in his mind while thinking?
What are some open questions to ask somebody to have something to say in a conversation?
Is love just an expression of physical and emotional human needs?
Is it normal to become socially withdrawn after moving to a new job?
Why do people think I'm awkward?
Why does the left not seem to care about people who shame atheists, short people, virgins, people with low IQs, and other groups?
Can someone be perfect?
What are the warning symbols before downfall of a society?
When you speak to someone, mentioning his/her name either in the beginning of the sentence or in the middle changes the tone of the dialogue. Why?
How can mythology relate to sociology and psychology? What are the examples of sociological and psychological myths?
Does being a polyglot make you more of an intellectual?
Could calling a thirty-year-old man "puppy" be offensive to him?
What has always been your paradigm about love relationship between men and women?
Why should I care about how other people feel?
How would you feel if you pour your heart out to someone, and they respond with 'K'?
Are romantic relationships a syndrome of capitalism?
What void can the absence of father have in a boy's development and personality?
How can I humanize a car and make it more human like?
How can I exit any social situation as fast and tactfully as possible?
What is the psychological and social damage of masturbation?
Is it true that the things we hate in others are actually the things we hate in ourselves?
What do I do if no one in the group likes me?
How can I free myself from resentment? How can I reprogram my mindest toward my field?
Is it acceptable for people to throw shade at someone?
Is their any psychological reason behind why spending time in nature makes people more alive?
My singing video has went viral. How do I handle this sudden fame?
How can I kiss a random guy I'm interested in while at a large gay dance party?
What is Digital Psychology?
What are your positives and negatives aspects?
What makes someone unpatriotic?
What is betrayal? Could you give me examples so I can understand why people betray?
How do I not feel bad about quitting my job that I just started working for?
What makes a person think horrible things about another?
In an education test I have to answer a pedagogical situation in philosophical, sociological and psychological aspects. How do I choose what to study?
What can I do about my embarrassment with loneliness?
When I tell someone my new invention, somehow I'm much less motivated to make it after the telling. Is there a psychological term or study for this?
Should I go for a more expensive transport service for peace of mind, or should I try to figure out the cheapest taxi service?
Why does my wife get mad at me when we’re laying in bed and I get an erection when watching a TV show with a sexy woman in it?
Why do sometimes persons satisfy society first as in their life goals and then try to satisfy their own personal life goals?
Does this crowdfunding idea have a chance to be successful?
What are your predictions for 2017 regarding the global social scene?
Why do vegetarians care so much about what others eat?
How can I have " I don't care what other people think" attitude?
What are some unspoken rules teens follow?
Do things come to us when we extensively dream about them/ wish for them or when we dont seek them?
How can I look powerful?
How is being close friends with an extrovert different from being close friends with an introvert?
How can I stop avoiding care from women at 22 years old?
Do you ever feel inferior just because of where you come from?
Should minors be required to have parental consent for abortion?
Why would a father pick on his daughter’s looks so relentlessly?
Why do I always want physical affection, despite having a loving family?
How can I become an open person around strangers?
How can I stop my 5-year-old stepson from bullying my 1-year-old son?
What makes someone an overachiever?
In the movie "Good Will Hunting" Do you think the ending was right or wrong? Why?
How do you advertise something for somebody to check out?
What are some things you disagree on regarding Abraham Maslow's hierarchy of Needs?
What are some research trends in the field of psychology?
Why do I find videos of public marriage proposals cringeworthy? (To the extent that I can't even finish watching the video)
How can I stay away from 2 so-called friends of mine who only disturb me and put me down?
As a Muslim, have you encountered Muslims who abuse the concept of taqiyah?
How do I handle it when strangers do not know my level of knowledge, and behave in a superior manner, e.g. giving advice, etc.?
Are teenagers more likely to flirt with a group teenagers they don't know over a group that they do know?
Sometimes I really hate being boyish, and sometimes I really hate being girly. Which do I choose?
Is a society only a social construct- how much of our behaviour is programmed by material necessity? Drives- how reflexive are they?
Why don’t people admit or say that their hobbies are using Facebook most of the time, or watching TV, or sleeping, or eating, or taking selfies?
Why don't people care about constants other than π?
What factors influence whether a person becomes or is territorial?
What make you as a person has a good self-esteem since you were a child?
Is it hard to fit in certain gay social groups?
Why do so many people seem to not like or care at all about wolves?
Why does Google honour Abdul Sattar Edhi today?
Why do people often claim that people from other nations are crazy drivers?
What are the coolest social psychology theories and concepts?
Prostitution and spying are considered as the oldest professions. What does this say about us humans?
How do you deal with someone that purposefully accuses you of everything that goes wrong, even when they know that they caused the issue?
Which is the greater evil, bigotry or terrorism?
How long does it take for a culture that has been enslaved, oppressed, or suppressed to heal?
What is true authenticity? Is it sane to be truly authentic? At what point does authenticity become too much for happiness?
Are people with depersonalization-derealization disorder socially active?
Can somebody invent something that will keep me from accidentally texting my ex?
How could I lower my expectations of people?
What do you like most about other people?
Why does somebody like to be loved and adored even at the cost of their self respect at times?
Why do people think I'm gorgeous?
What would be the consequences if someone refuses to drink or join a party?
Are Syeds kind people?
I have to work with a narcissistic woman. She always tries to make me look bad. How should I behave and talk to her?
Why are Canadians so passive aggressive?
Could an autistic savant display social aptitude through psychological study, and memorizing body language, micro-expressions, and other social cues?
Over the years I've taken many tests and always come out as ENTP, how can I improve or enrich my life by knowing this?
Why do people care about spoilers?
Is it practical to wear neck tie?
Do I have a psychological problem?
Why is it cool to know things, but not cool to learn them?
Why do people try to peep into others social accounts?
How does one be in the present and be prepared for the future at the same time?
What are examples of famous speeches or lectures that compelling and successful but are actually logically incoherent or grammatically incorrect?
What the hell is going on with me?
Which labels about other people do you find useful and which ones do you try to see beyond?
What do I do when everyone ignore me as if I'm not there, it really hurts?
Who is Danielle Bregoli?
Why is it that I smile when others cry or simply don't care when they talk about all the bad in their life?
At what age are people out of the smoking weed thing?
How do I deal with feeling intimidated and embarrassed when learning something new?
How do I get rid of smoking fetish?
How can I make friends in 2nd year college Btech?
When should you be proud?
How do I win over a person who has done psychology?
What are some examples of social mores in psychology?
What must one assume or learn to question about social morality to not be a victim of other's dogmas, false ideologies and collective tyranny?
Can socially awkwardness be genetic?
What qualities do rich women look for in men?
Why does a 5 year old want adults to do stuff that he should by himself already and if that is not correct explain why?
Have you been practicing compassion?
Why do people like me more when I don't care?
How can a sensitive person avoid an inferiority complex if they are least loved by society?
What are the social benefits and detriments to trusting?
Why do people love to force their way of living or religion on others?
Is everything fundamentally sexual?
Why do some people disagree with Gurmehar?
What is the society interaction?
Why is it rude to wear a hat indoors?
How should I handle a over feminist woman?
What are the early signs that say you're in the wrong environment?
Why is human behavior so unpredictable?
What specific type of mental disorder is it when someone always feels sorry for himself/herself?
How long does it take for someone to show their true personality?
How should I deal with people assuming that I'm "white" and treating me according to their ignorance?
Did you ever meet anyone nice at a 99 cents pizza place?
Can I enter a graduate clinical psychology or social work program without psychology or social work undergraduate credits?
How do you deal with nosey people?
Why are people so different through email than they are in person?
How can I stop being socially awkward and build a network?
As a social psychologist, how do conversations usually feel with other people? Do you analyze everything they say/do and base your responses on that?
Are 'passive/aggressive behaviors' done unconsciously?
What makes someone weird?
Do you believe that no matter their social status, everyone is born with the same opportunities?
How can I make hugs longer without it being awkward?
Why is it that no matter where I go in life, I still experience the same negative outcomes?
What is conformity in sociology?
Why does it take time to process in your head that you've been betrayed?
Is Islamophobia a made up concept or is it deeply embedded in root level society in the US?
How do I deal with a socially awkward relationship?
How do I deal with social cliques?
Is it possible for women to initiate conversation with a guy?
How can I stop feeling that I am not worthy of love?
Does low life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
Is it good to socially isolate during bad times?
What is so good and bad about Indian society or culture?
Do you fight back when you know you will lose a fight against someone?
What can be said of a person who yells and screams at you and then acts like he did nothing wrong within a few hours?
How can I start being myself & feel confident? How can I stop restraining my personality due to fear of coming off as arrogant and cocky?
I know our personality type, INTJ, is often very misunderstood. What are some instances of being misunderstood that bothered/affected your life the most?
Why is it that this guy I know sees the need to call me by my middle name?
What is the reason that oxytocin increases in-group bias, racism, aggression and schadenfreude in people?
What are some good, informative books on cliques and adolescent psychology?
Do men need social connection as much as women?
Why do people say they love you but don't want to share their money?
At what age have you stopped caring about what others think of you?
Why do people tend to ignore others' warnings?
Is it a misunderstanding about who are truly women that make many guys unassertive and not able to express their feelings for women?
Is social psychology used in game development?
Do I need to be extra nice to the people who project their inferiority complex on me?
How do I stop feeling guilty for people worse-off than me? Why is the world so unequal?
Is it wrong that I reject those that were not friendly to me in the past?
Why do some people get annoyed & consider you stupid or accuse you of asking "stupid questions" whenever you ask questions?
What are the habits of a person who is both, an introvert as well as an extrovert?
What is a life hack that you think everybody should know?
Why do humans care about being judged?
How can big law associates work 90+ hours a week if there is a limit to will power?
You're at a party feeling so awkward and so insecure with people dancing and drinking (I don't dance nor drink), what do you do?
How can I become arrogant & have lots of attitude that I stop caring about people who don't care about me or who actually don't deserve my attention?
Can Quora persuade?
If Willy Wonka had a wife, would she be more likely to be an Oompa Loompa, a Vermicious Knid, Frau Gloop or Miss Spider from James and the Giant Peach?
What do people do once they realize they are genetically unfit to reproduce?
Why are prostitutes looked down upon?
How can someone overcome toxic shame, the wound of rejection, self-hatred, inferiority complex and the feeling of inadequacy?
"Do what you are passionate about" - isn't that just selfish and arrogant advice that keeps you from the good opportunities that are out there?
What are some ways of dealing with relatives who gossips about you because you are becoming Westernized?
How can a bar be designed to specifically appeal to introverts?
Do girls feel excited when they see a guy’s exposed underwear? Why do guys feel excited when they see a girl’s exposed panties?
Why are most people happy to accept the phrase "that's just the way it is"? Why don't people ask "why"?
I'm introverted and socially awkward, how can I meet a girl if I'm always silent?
What 7 questions would ask someone to gauge their suitability to be your personal assistant?
How do I get the man I need?
Is Stirner basically saying that I shouldn't care for any other people at all?
What are the psychological side effects of working hard and social isolation?
How can I teach psychology to my peers?
Is it normal to feel very uncomfortable when you are at a party where you don't know anyone?
Why do you think people usually hardly withstand the not very comfortable truth about them or their actions?
Is it good having social awkwardness?
How can you effectively deal with a passive aggressive person?
Is the narcissistic way the best way when dealing with new people, by never showing emotional weakness?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Is it normal to not participate in certain social situations and not like most people?
Do people say that there is no need to be accepted by others because they are not so?
Is the fear of being rejected nature or nurture?
Why do some Asians have inferiority complex and want to be white?
Why is it so difficult nowadays to find a conservative, religious, nationalist girl?
I speak very poorly - finding it hard to express myself - and people often perceive me as being dumb because of it. How do I speak better?
Our family's life is not changing and none of us are achieving anything big. What should we do?
Is it the kind of crowd a particular restaurant draws that determines if you get weird looks when you go there?
I have trouble breathing when talking. How can I breathe better when having a conversation?
Do you think he avoids me on purpose?
Is social or religious fraud against the law?
Should you judge someone based on their tone of voice?
What would you call it when an individual breaks a social norm because the alternative is more in alignment with their autonomy?
Why does 8/10 sound so much better than 4/5 in terms of rating?
What can be said about inconsistent actions of a friend?
Does life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
How can we dig ourself out of the hole of lies that is getting bigger?
How could one break out of their bubble of being shy and caring so much of what others think?
How do I be a happy introvert?
Is vlogging in public an example of breaking a social norm?
Why is it that when someone pays attention to me I act stupid?
Do you sometimes avoid going out with a stepchild of yours because you don't want to become associated with the child due to the childs misbehavior?
Could a guy be looking at me only because I looked at him?
Why do people tend to label themselves?
Is it bad that I know how to manipulate people?
How can I be a supportive friend in conversation?
Why do some people come into your life for a reason?
Why are there questions "disadvantage of educating women" on Quora & many articles on internet about “advantages & disadvantages of educating women”?
A worker at my hostel asked me for money because his child is very ill. He also told me not to tell anyone. Should I give him some money?
What are best place for introvert?
Can you pay great attention while having a laugh attack at the videos below and then describe what is happening in your head and body at that moment?
How can I maximize social interactions in one month?
How can you break dogmatic thinking?
How can I let my guard down?
Why do many large successful political parties hold rallies and expensive dinners instead working full steam to fix areas of destruction in society?
How has the internet changed the social landscape of the world? Has this created any problems?
What is the most useful question to ask someone in a different profession?
Why do people care too much about IQ, is it because that measurement can raise their self-esteem up?
Why extroverts are so adamant & arrogant?
I told the deepest secret of my life to a near stranger. Was I stupid to do that?
Why are Indians out of other races, care so much about status and social class?
People dislike me because of how poorly I speak. What can I even do to fix myself when no one will help me?
What causes someone to develop the savior syndrome?
Should you care or not care about what people think?
How do I deal with siblings who are born shy, emotionally dependent and coward?
My landlady is being extra nice to me and I don't know how to feel about that. Does she expect something in return?
Would introverts like to be extroverts?
Can people Differentiates between shyness and arrogance?
Why is it more socially acceptable for an attractive woman to have high standards but not an unattractive woman?
How do you develop passive-aggressive emotions?
What level of technological progress could be necessary in order to functionally dispell organized superstitions?
How can one give oneself the right to exist as one really is?
How can an introvert work to reduce interaction with other introverts and increase interaction with extroverts?
Why am I the only one suffering in my family, but they think everything is fine?
What can I do when Scientologists continue to try persuade me that I should go bridge?
Why do critiques find the movie "The Edge of Seventeen" so profound when it's as ridiculously unrealistic as a Disney movie?
Is it true that in the degree a person has more intelligence, there is less a need for socialization and vice versa?
Due to a number of commitments, my social circle shrunk. I am now looking to expand it again. How do I do this?
Why are people so concerned about other people’s looks?
What do you think about Donald Trump's shake-and-pull handshake?
When did you stop seeking approval and validation from others?
A friend of mine was banned from a bar that we would frequent together. Why is he attempting to prove himself now?
Why are we called social beings?
How do I stop hating boys?
Can you recommend literature about shame as a core emotion?
Why do we judge when we see someone is weird?
Is sivananda gurukulam a safe place?
Are sly digs a form of passive aggressiveness?
How would you explain "sexual abuse" to a group of children? (In kid-friendly language)?
Why do people not care about NASA?
If love and companionship are basic human needs, then aren’t we with people just because they satisfy these needs?
What haunts you personally?
As a parent, how can I cultivate the self-esteem of my children?
Can you be working class and rich?
Am I a bad person for not always helping other people whenever I have the chance to?
Where can I find online, accurate, and free spatial reasoning tests?
Should I have shouted at my dad for being too slow?
How do you know someone is lucky?
Why do we keep lingering on the people who don’t even care about us?
Why does Cristiano Ronaldo have more fans than Lionel Messi, even though everybody admits that Messi is the best player?
How do you know if a platonic relationship is toxic or if you just have differing opinions?
What are some great tips to help someone not care what others think?
When a person feels proud of something does this automatically mean they feel superior?
How do I approach a girl to talk to her/get to know her?
Why is being smart, informed and educated seen as uncool in America Pop Culture and Hollywood?
Why do most meetup groups have many members but only a few actually show up?
Have you or known anyone who acted like a completely different person when they’re angry?
What is the most efficient ethical way to un-brainwash (very) large numbers of people?
Do Americans still baptize their children?
He is trying to say he is sorry by his actions but why is it so difficult for my younger brother just to apologize?
Why is "cunt" considered so much worse as a swear word than "dick" or "cock"?
Where or from whom have you learned most about seduction?
My closest friend is constantly trying to put me down and insulting me because of jealousy. I can't just ignore or leave him. How can I deal with him?
How would you predict when someone is more likely to change/renew its smartphone?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
What are some social psychology studies done on everyday life?
Why do we as a society love technological progress but disregard working on social and cultural progress so much?
Is it common for people to distance themselves from someone who is involved in something illegal/unethical?
I told a Somali woman that her name sounded like it was ancient Egyptian and she gave me a stare like she got very offended. Did I do something wrong?
What is the likely outcome of the currently generalised 'white privilege' racism?
How can I change my mentality that makes me believe that I will never be loved by women?
For a research paper I want to write about music. However, I also need to write about a solution to a global issue. How do I even approach this?
How do you break the silence when you're alone with a friend? I'm socially awkward.
What makes someone assertive?
How can one manage his life after being bullied in middle school and high school?
If you are allowed to watch 1 movie in your entire life what movie would you watch?
What is it like to move to a new country on the opposite side of the world with your family as a child?
When a woman passes by while in public, which part of her body will be observed first?
What is a healthy balance between intellectualism, objectivism vs. emotional intelligence, socialising, expressing emotions?
How can I become a more quiet and calm person?
Why do you care about wisdom?
How can I determine if someone is interested in me or my money?
Is arrogance more attractive than humility?
What is the best way to get someone to do a favor for you?
Did the Aurora shooter have Asperger's Syndrome?
Two people are in a room, and you are told that one of them has to die. What five questions will you ask them in order to choose which one lives?
Why do some people like to install uncomfort situations for an opponent in conversation?
Why do Indians care so much more about what other people think about themselves instead of getting to be proud of themselves?
Could you share intimacy with someone you dislike?
How can one stop being desperate for love and stop being hopeless about happiness?
What does gay mean? Can a girl be gay because I’ve only heard this word used for boys?
How can I reward good behavior in a classroom?
Why is it so difficult to judge oneself objectively as a person?
How does a immature spouse get along with a mature spouse?
Why do we love some numbers more than the other ones?
Facebook: Why do people "vaguebook?"
Why don't I want to do anything in life?
What can you call someone who cares about the opinions of other people a lot?
How are some people more likable than others in a social environment?
When and how was panic disorder first discovered?
Is there a specific psychological reason Top Writers on Quora often start answers with "I love this question!"?
What makes people indifferent to society and how it can be cured?
Is it wrong to be apathetic? Logically, what makes you not apathetic?
Do you find "bad words" attractive?
Do girls like to make fun of boys? If so, why?
To what extent can organizations be said to operate as a single entity and not a set of separate individuals with different aims?
What is the most precise way of bearing pain & keeping your dignity at the same time?
Why are people being judged by their past?
Why do people care so much about their babies, even though they could just make a new one?
Why do I find some people annoying for no reason?
What are ways to change my personality to save myself from the savior syndrome?
My colleague abused me and told me that I have no work morals. How should I deal with us?
Are there any objective traits in male or female individuals that would make one of them more desirable to build a new society?
Why should we care about the privacy of others?
How can I stop overthinking that which has no concrete answer so I can worry about things I can change?
How do I gain social status?
What would you today, be more frightened to attend: a job interview or a blind date and why?
How does a woman's view of a man differ, before and after sex with him?
Is it normal to not care about other people's feelings?
How do I stop envying successful people?
How do you offer compassion to someone who doesn’t seem to deserve it?
How can I survive being totally isolated from any people?
Why do Android users hate Apple so much more than Apple users hate Android?
Are boys and girls both in a collage or school want to talk to each other but eel shy to do so?
Is literature ultimately just entertainment?
How can I forget about being neglected and abandoned in childhood and have a good self-esteem?
How can I avoid the trap of group think?
What would be the consequences if greed was completely eliminated from mankind?
How do I make a living without ever going outside?
What are characteristics of awkward people?
Under what conditions should people be unkind?
I’ve been referred to as "pussy" a few times. What does that mean?
Do most people sometimes have much more cash on them than at other times?
Is it wrong for me to just want some results instead of excuses?
Why do the Bajrang Dal people become so active on 14th Feb and start caring about the country's culture so much? Why is no action taken against them?
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you after doing a good deed?
Can one's intelligence be detrimental to social relationships?
What is the relevance of social psychology in a work place?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and courteous behaviour?
What is the minimum conforming behavior we need for society to function?
What are some useful tips to control your negative thoughts, when you are in situation where people treat you low and talk bad about you in the back?
If I don't eat and drink at all and exercise on my treadmill for two hours a day, will I be bone showing skinny in six months?
How is social psychology applied in everyday life?
Why do I care what people think so much? What causes this?
How can I be a "social mirror" psychologically?
How do I stop envying men who have success with women?
Socializing is difficult for me. I tend to not care about conversations. I also experience social anxiety. Am I an introvert or just socially awkward?
Why do people care about mass shootings but not other issues?
What are people's views on moral relativism? Is there no standard, overreaching good?
How important is it for someone to get married or to attach themselves to a significant other at some point in their life?
What is over-feminism?
How do you loosen up before a socially challenging event?
Does the word "please" after every question make it better?
What celebrities do you want to be in your squad?
Is it silly to offer someone help that you yourself cannot achieve?
Do people care about themselves more than others?
Have you been attending church and fellowships without ever feeling the need to become baptized? Do you question why others get baptized but not you?
If elite hackers declassified hundreds of conspiracy theories from the Pentagon, what would the public/international reaction be?
Do people care if I write about them on composition books?
How do I change my own micro expressions?
Are haters productive for society?
Why does no one want to be friends with me?
Are there any people who overcame severe inferiority complex and became successful?
What happens to those boys who live secluded life in college days?
Why are people with personality disorders usually considered as human monsters, rather than individuals in need of psychological help?
Can a narcicisst also be an introvert?
Why do we treat people so badly when they mean the most to us?
How do you safely confront a bully?
Why do so many people care more about actors & directors than the characters or movies themselves?
What have you learnt about life, people or business that you can classify as 'undeniable truths'?
What should I do so I don't care that much about other people's opinion?
How do I ask somebody to leave without being awkward?
Is there a way to be fully independent of the opinions of others and don't care?
How can I make sure that I'm socially healthy during tough times?
Is it okay to care about certain sciences and not care about other?
I want to move, but I'm sadly torn between leaving family for great weather. What to do?
What are the fastest ways to deal with an inferiority complex and shyness?
Can adoption cause introversion?
A girl liked me very much, but she lost all interest and now she isn't so keen on talking to me. What should I do?
What is peer pressure like in Japan?
What are the advantages and shortfalls of being individual (lonely), in a group and being in a couple relationship?
Why do Indians care so much about social status, reputation and what other people think about them?
What is the actor-observer effect?
Why don’t “unsuccessful” people usually like “successful” people?
Is it wrong to be attracted to other people while you're in a relationship?
Why don't people understand that homosexual attraction to other men doesn't necessarily make a man less manly?
Why do so many supervisors and managers talk to their staff as if they are 10-year-olds?
Why is being reserved and introverted in the U.S so stigmatized compared to other developed countries?
If I don't eat and drink and exercise for two hours a day, will I be skinny in five months?
Do you feel horny today?
Why is ”culture” a thing?
Is it possible to actually be addicted to the thrill of doing something I shouldn't be doing?
How would you make new friends at a new place/country?
Is 5"9 short for a 23 year old man?
Becoming friend with your ex even if you know that she still loves you is it good or bad?
Do you agree with all of these points on the nature of mankind?
Is it cool to be a racist today?
Psychologically, what makes someone prone to invitations, supporting others, and paying for their sandwiches, Coke, and candies?
Are there some people who just call themselves as introverts to get attention?
How can I get a girlfriend in England if I'm socially awkward?
Can you suggest a social norm that I can break?
How do you stay happy as you withdraw from people?
Will losing weight make me fit in better and less of a center of attention?
Why is herd mentality so common?
How can I connect deeper with people, make friends and also be a better friend?
Do you think a certain glowering malevolence is not avoided or seen as a low standard in principle but distributed by subjective sympathies?
Which one is better, bullying people of different country or religion or bullying your own people?
Why do people act violently?
What are extroverted teenagers like when they are adults?
Why don't people seem interested in talking to me?
What are some specific social actions that increase oxytocin and does this measurably benefit us? If yes, how?
How do psychopaths deal with Jehovah's Witnesses?
Should I say the truth when someone asks about my sister?
What can I do if some one keep harassing me over phone using multiple numbers?
What are some ways to deal with a psychopath who plans to destroy my company?
How do I fit in?
I am an introvert who is in its early 20's(boy) and seems that life is boring and how I can change into an extrovert?
What political leanings would each of the MBTI types have?
How can I stop fearing any interaction with kids? How can I effectively communicate well with kids & teens without feeling/seeming creepy?
I only like guys who aren’t interested or don't know me. What sort of brief psychoanalysis could you make of that? What does that say about me?
Is the Facebook addiction making us less outgoing or anti-social?
What makes someone selfish?
What is the best way to manage the hedonic treadmill?
Why are Indians so obsessed with astrology?
I have this fear that no one will measure up to my ex. How unrealistic is this fear?
Are people unable of sound, good argument able to essentially attack others for suspicion of the same weasely techniques and get others on their side?
How can a socially awkward and un-confident person stand up for himself at work?
How do I make a girl who hates me fall in love with me?
Why do people care so much about productivity in their daily lives?
Why do religious people care about only certain things but not other things in Bible?
What do you call someone that constantly changes his friends/companions?
What factors keeps the people united?
Does expectation influences bonding among people?
When men are grinning and their eyes light up when talking to a women, does that mean they are happy to talk to her or is there more to it?
How do I help a person who is having a cultural shock?
How is life to live with an introvert? Myself being an introvert.
I am society's non-productive and malignant vagrant with no sense of integral direction, what good steps did you take when you used to be like me?
I always don't have a lot to talk about and that makes me feel others don't like me. What's going on exactly with me?
Psychologically speaking, why are fantasies and day dreams healthy within societies?
Why do some people push others away when they are ill?
How effective is blackmail?
How can we control social media?
Are most of the Americans extroverts?
Why do people take advantage of a Quiet Person?
Is extrovert more likely to success in running a business than introvert?
Why do some people have an inferiority complex but they are very good at it?
Is free will real in this world where every action of everyone is guided by some or the other constraint, (social, psychological or otherwise)?
How do you manage a team of introverts and extroverts?
Is it good to be hardcore, as in a tit-for-tat kind of person?
Do campus placement people care about grades?
What is the way by which I can stop being an extrovert?
Is there a term for the sudden feeling/vision of getting hit in the face by a fast moving object?
Should you believe that people apologize in their own way and you should accept it as that, instead of a flat out apology?
How do you deal with being behind your peers after many years working?
Why do I get so embarrassed to clean my runny nose in public? Does everyone else feel the same?
What are the root reason(s) of why people care of what others think of them?
I literally spend my day thinking about other people's lives and how happy they are. Should I keep thinking this way?
What is it called when you don't care what people think of you or say about you at all?
Would racism be reduced if people cared more about race?
How can I hang out with Bill Gates?
Apart from Islam, why do women cover their heads in some cultures?
Why humanity has invented filthy language, but now trying to avoid it?
From a highly introverted person, I'm transforming into a very extroverted one. Will I miss my old self?
What are the similarities in sociology and psychology?
What does it mean if a person talks too much about someone?
How do I improve my relationship with everyone if I am an introvert? What measures and practices are taken by introverts to make a mark on other people?
How do I not lose faith in kindness when everyone around me is so cruel?
Why is the new iPhone 7 protected against water?
If you don't crave sex, and you stay single forever, does it mean there is something wrong with you?
Is it ever Ok to blame yourself for being bullied?
Is listening the best skill to have?
Why do people care about other countries? We shouldn't feel bad for our enemies.
My dad is acting very passive aggressive and on edge to anyone in our family who annoys him. What should we do?
Why are people judged by their past?
Is there something wrong with me? Am I a high-functioning nut-job?
Is it normal to imagine killing someone when you are angry?
Do you test people to see if they care about you, before doing something for them?
Why is the world full of shitty people?
Life is so simple. Why do people seem so confused? Why are they trying to find meaning, and even experiencing existential crisis?
Is it normal for people to feel socially awkward at times?
I can't forgive anyone who hurts my friends, even if I’m not friends with them anymore. What kind of person does that make me?
Can someone clearly explain Pseudocertainty Effect in psychology and how we can make use of it in social situations?
The guy I like told me he loved me while he was drunk. What does this mean?
Has any country other than India ever had Demonetization of their currency notes?
I'm 20 and I don't have any hobbies, when did you discover yours?
Where is the place where I can shout all my sorrows and cry so much?
How can I enliven the atmosphere when FaceTime with the opposite sex?
What are some other things that we should care about other than career, family and health?
On which theory(IES) is the nordic (or Swedish, or Scandinavian) welfare model based?
Why do people think they are just an introvert or just an extrovert? Aren't people in many ways both?
Is it considered weird/socially uncouth to go bowling alone?
Is a person who wins formal debates and speeches, but doesn't like attending parties and informal conversations an introvert or Extrovert?
Would having an open and secure mentality towards sexuality and sex reduce crimes like rapes and sex assaults?
What do you understand about society?
What is the psychology behind psychologists choosing the field of psychology?
Why are people so fake these days? Why are they so self-centred? They'll call you best friend when in need and forget the very next moment!
Why do iPhone users now have a tele-camera?
How do you live among fake people?
What is the best way to develop a strong social network?
Do you think you pay attention to celebrities too much?
Is it possible for girls to like socially awkward guys?
Why are people condescending towards introverts?
From a psychology standpoint, do people really not care about facts?
Have I been betrayed due to my own way of reaching out by helping those who seemed isolated?
What are the social dynamics?
What causes a 5 year old child to wake up in the morning in a cranky, disrespectful, uncooperative and authoritarian mood almost every day?
Which personality traits help children succeed in life and which hold them back?
If you're interested in a woman, should you just start out as friends?
What are some of the best anecdotes that you have used to help your clients during therapy?
How can I deal with self-hatred, the wound of rejection, the feeling of Inadequacy, inferiority complex, and self-sabotage?
Do liberal arts students have easier and better social lives than science students?
Has the sense of community declined in America?
What are my chances for getting a call from IIMs with 98.32%?
Does anyone still care about the reason or why stuff happens in modern times?
How did you meet the love of your life and are you still together?
Why do people care about what other people wear?
Why do people try to impress and spend time with someone when the other person is showing no interest at all? More information in the details.
How old is your youngest and your oldest friend you regularly talk to?
Which type of people prefer answering questions on Quora more than asking questions? And vice versa?
When will Quora most likely throw exhibition gatherings of members/Top Writers?
Why shouldn't I waste time on girls, and concentrate on porn?
Does opportunism and classism go hand in hand?
How do I give off a friendly vibe instead of a sexual/lover vibe as a gay person?
How does social isolation affect elderly people?
What does social psychology impart to us?
Does the presence of too many intelligent persons in a place hinders their progress?
What is so great about being an introvert?
What is the most suitable punishment for someone who fools with the hearts of others?
Who did the experiment that showed that people who able to change their mind about a painting were less satisfied than the people who were able to?
Is division and conflict between people rooted in the creation of divisive groups?
Should I start drinking occasionally by changing my beliefs and the person that I am?
Which is scoring: psychology or sociology?
What are the negative aspects of certain cultures that stress the avoidance of hurting someone's feelings?
Would you continue to turn the dial in the Milgram experiment? If so why?
What is the relationship of psychology, anthropology, and sociology to education?
How has your frequently moving homes/geographic locations as a child affected your life?
Could anyone provide a list of examples of escapism?
Who benefits from groupthink?
What has turned nudity into a taboo?
Why are children cared more about than adults?
What determines the age of sexual consent? What's the most logical method? Some countries have outrageously insane low ages such as Nigeria (11 years old).
Why are so many people so anti sex?
Why are extroverts so insecure?
If someone was raised in the exact same circumstances as another, would they make the same decisions?
Why do humans need social interaction?
What does the practice of fagging in England say about English culture?
Is there any axiomatic model for the games people play in human relationship?
What's worse? People being completely indifferent to you or people hating you for your opinions?
Do you hide anything about yourself? Why?
Have you ever met two people who seemed perfect for each other?
How do I know if I'm a shy extrovert?
I have social anxiety. I'm terrified of facing my fears (people) and being in public alone. How can I muster the courage to face my fears?
Is bullying foolish?
Why are so many Canadians passive aggressive?
When should you care what others think of you?
Are people real?
What are the most effective ways of combating bigotry and prejudice?
When I see a bug in my apartment I feel a predatory instinct to kill it. What are some theories as to why this is the case? Is the reaction universal?
Were you socially awkward? If so, how do you cope with it?
How do I get to be the most chill guy ever?
What would happen if you put some people in a closed room and tell them only the last survivor will leave?
Why would someone only watch violent movies?
Is voice calling considered intrusive?
My good friend was pronounced dead today and my immediate reaction was a laugh. What does this suggest?
Do people that use Quora have difficulty expressing themselves in person?
Could a society exists where no has to work and everyone is rich? (thanks to technology like robots)
Why are my unexperienced classmates able to record videos in a resolution of 2160p?
How should I deal with a passive-aggressive friend?
Why is drinking alcohol alone frowned upon?
Why, when looking down on someone for not meeting their standards of dress, do they say they "could have made an effort"?
Is it safe to assume that there is a hidden hypocrite in every person?
What if we as a society become desensitised to beauty?
What makes people care so much about strangers having abortions?
How can I respect my father as my employer?
If you are in a group and you find someone not mingling, would you let that person mind his/her own business or do something else?
Would it be socially acceptable to not tip in the US?
Why are there so many men who choose their jobs over families?
Why do I have such a hate and fear for people/strangers?
Aside from social anxiety and introversion, why do some teenagers not have friends?
Why is making friends among locals in countries such as Norway, Netherlands or Finland so difficult for an American?
is it better to be right or to blend/fit in?
Do you find the tweets of the United Nations during holiday season offensive?
What are common personality types of Russians?
Is it possible to live your life thinking you were an introvert but turn out to be an extrovert or vice versa?
Why is being passive aggressive seen as negative, bad and fake?
How can I care more about people that care about me?
Why do many people feel that racial/religious diversity is something a country needs? Are these types of diversity beneficial? Why?
How do I know if I'm sick or just lazy?
Why do children play?
Which countries have a legal structure for cohabitation?
Why are so many humans against BIG changes, even when it is quite clear they will be beneficial to society?
Why would a five year old child say that he wants to die?
How ok is it to be thinking about those who don't care a bit about you?
How can I stop being socially awkward as a teen?
Why would a woman get more attention from men when wearing a suit?
Why do people judge others who are often alone?
Why is there such a discriminatory attitude towards slow learners by quick learners and even at times by society in general?
What psychological issues are there when a person feels great fear that his parents will divorce?
What about you made/makes you a misfit?
How can I naturally be funny and charismatic around people without coming across as awkward/forced?
What do you think of fraternities/sororities?
Is psychiatry a front for capitalism?
How can a guy with absolutely no bartending/waiter experience get hired & quickly be great at the job? How can I consistently make great tips?
Why don’t homeless people work?
Why do some children show more gender typical behaviour than others?
Why do we never cherish the things we do have in our life and always spoil them by going for things that we dont have?
How is possible to disconnect from everybody socially without feeling guilty for doing so?
Is not caring about what others think or feel a good thing?
What is your definition of weirdness, in other words when you would call somebody weird?
What does forever alone mean?
What is a libtard?
How do you define the word "populism" in light of contemporary events?
What psychological characteristics are distinct with porn actors/actresses and what factors generally influence their lifestyle?
Should people care what someone personally finds "offensive?"
What kinds of personality issues are at hand when someone says "I knew it was going to blow up in my face"?
Why do extroverts feel as they do when they rarely socialize?
Is there a reasonable limit to how far out of one's “echo chamber” one needs to reach?
Is socialisation simply a state of flow?
What books do you recomend to start studying about psychology and sociology?
Which MBTI personality type gains the most popularity on Quora?
Do straight men watch (or at least curious to watch) gay porn?
Why is my brain not motivated by hedonistic things like a normal human?
Why are smartphones good for youngsters?
How do I live the best life possible?
Why do I have such poor verbal/communication skills? Is there a way to improve them?
Do you think acronyms in texts come across as passive aggressive?
Can people look like they have down syndrome, but they don't?
How might a person stop feeling sorry for innocent victims?
How do I break up with my parent?
How do I learn social Dynamics?
Why do rapists rape? What drives a person to do such vile act?
Why do the people I care about hurt me so much?
Why do introvert people ignore text messages from people they care about sometimes?
What are some basic human traits and their positive and negative attributes?
Why are people told to study the arts when they don't know what they want in life?
What is the broad (minimum length) classifications of human psychology? And how they can be identifiable observing behavior?
Why do the people about whom I care so much, sometimes doesn't care at all about me?
Do muslims living in the West have a tendency to machismo?
Which type of people prefer answering questions on Quora more than asking questions? And vice versa?
Why are extroverts more rewarded?
What do you think about The Psychopath's Bible?
How can a 10 years old boy stops defining himself according to his parents' identities and learn to be aware of his personal identity?
Will losing weight make me fit in better and less of a center of attention?
How do I give off a friendly vibe instead of a sexual/lover vibe as a gay person?
Why did I fail the psychological test after I passed the competitive examination with flying grades?
Would repeating parts of a question twice before answering indicate that someone is trying to think of a lie to tell?
What is the difference between conformity and uniformity?
Why do some people want to bully the poor?
Have you ever noticed that men fish for worry from women like women fish for compliments from men? Why?
What is so great about being an introvert?
How does one reduce the amount of herd thinking in society?
What is more dangerous than people usually think?
What are some great tips to help someone not care what others think?
What are some negative effects of bullying?
What are extroverted teenagers like when they are adults?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
How do I let go of the idea that I won't find anyone like him ever again?
Do people care about the first impression?
Have you ever received a really thoughtful gift from someone of the opposite sex?
Should I stay in another country with a full time job but no friends, or go home to friends and unemployment?
Why are most current reality shows about wealthy, vulgar and stupid people only?
Be yourself and don't care what others think. Is it a bad advice?
What is conformity in sociology?
Does my best friend care about me? She always tells me things about her life, but when I do it, she's kinda unapproachable.
What are some effective but morally questionable psychology tricks?
Do you think most people are good or bad?
Are personal conflict and inter-group conflict the same?
Why is it difficult to put one's nation before one’s religion? If religion really defines us as people, then why do we have nations?
How can we identify thieves’ body language?
How would you predict when someone is more likely to change/renew its smartphone?
Is it being unconfident to not be able to ask a woman to be her friend for benefits?
Do you hide anything about yourself? Why?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Why are you so nosy?
Does Ross Geller (from the TV show Friends) have Asperger’s syndrome?
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
What is the best way for an extrovert to handle/deal with situations where people are not interested in socializing? (I'm an extrovert.)
How do I determine people's ideology, socially and religiously?
How different would the world be if we were limited to speak only 500 words per day?
How can mythology relate to sociology and psychology? What are the examples of sociological and psychological myths?
Why are some of the most beautiful and best things in life underappreciated or underrated?
Why do we care so much about being judged on what we wear in public?
If one is honest, is he also authentic?
Why does the cooking lady act sometimes as if her coworker, the cleaning lady, is the boss?
What's the best way for a society to fight ignorance?
What are the available subjects in BSC social psychology?
What are the best research topics on social psychology research?
Are people real?
You're at a party feeling so awkward and so insecure with people dancing and drinking (I don't dance nor drink), what do you do?
How would you feel if you pour your heart out to someone, and they respond with 'K'?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
Can psychology explain social change?
How can I reward good behavior in a classroom?
Should I care what others think about raising my son to respect women?
How do you defeat a passive-aggressive opponent?
What do I do if no one in the group likes me?
How does a immature spouse get along with a mature spouse?
What are some ways of dealing with relatives who gossips about you because you are becoming Westernized?
How do I get to be the most chill guy ever?
She likes to have large circle of male friends. I hate it when this extrovert girl acts silly around them now. What should I do?
Why do people care so much about their data being sold?
Is their any psychological reason behind why spending time in nature makes people more alive?
Why are most people happy to accept the phrase "that's just the way it is"? Why don't people ask "why"?
Facebook: Why do people "vaguebook?"
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
What are your positives and negatives aspects?
Why does one participate in one-upmanship?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
Is it accurate to say lying is a part of social interaction?
Can I pursue a PhD in psychology after completing a BS focused only on social psychology?
What are the root reason(s) of why people care of what others think of them?
Do people really care what happens to them when they pass?
How do l calm down burning fire of anger inside me and keep quiet?
Dan Bilzerian and George Clooney are both playboys but one feels different from the other. How does Clooney do it?
Should minors be required to have parental consent for abortion?
My friends are laughing at and making me feel like almost everything I do is wrong, what should I do?
How can I stop my 5-year-old stepson from bullying my 1-year-old son?
How frequently do you text a female friend vs. a girl you're interested in?
I like to ask why and talk about philosophy and science, am I a boring person because I like deep conversation?
I have trouble breathing when talking. How can I breathe better when having a conversation?
Is it weird that I don't think I could ever be around a guy that messed with me in high school even if we made amends at some point?
What does it mean if a person talks too much about someone?
Why do so many people not care about real knowledge?
What would you call it when an individual breaks a social norm because the alternative is more in alignment with their autonomy?
Is it possible to live your life thinking you were an introvert but turn out to be an extrovert or vice versa?
Does life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
What are some weird and interesting psychological cases?
Why is the new iPhone 7 protected against water?
What can be said of a person who joins a social group, then leaves, rejoins, then leaves again?
Is it normal that I dislike most people my age?
How do I be a happy introvert?
How can I be a "social mirror" psychologically?
If someone asked an absolutely, socially unacceptable question in front of a crowd or audience, how would the crowd probably respond?
What is the difference between interfering in someone's personal life vs caring for them?
How have you successfully handled a passive aggressive co-worker or acquaintance?
Why are biracial Asians more likely to be diagnosed with mental illnesses than monoracial?
Why is there such a discriminatory attitude towards slow learners by quick learners and even at times by society in general?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex in academics?
What will happen if all liquor shops are closed in a country?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
When you are in a loving relationship and wish to maintain intellectual excitement, what sorts of topics and questions are smart to discuss together?
What is the definition of a "real man" in the Western World?
What is social interaction, and what are some types of social interaction?
Can I not care what people think?
What is the difference among stress tolerance, stress resistance and stress resiliency of humans?
Why don’t people care about the homeless?
Do extremely formal people irritate you?
Can you pay great attention while having a laugh attack at the videos below and then describe what is happening in your head and body at that moment?
How can I completely destroy my whole life and be like you?
If you were to design the algo of automated cars, when it was unavoidable to hit one of two cyclists, one with a helmet and one without, what would the car do?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
What are three things every person wants?
What would be the consequences if someone refuses to drink or join a party?
How can I let my guard down?
I have to work with a narcissistic woman. She always tries to make me look bad. How should I behave and talk to her?
What is the word/phrase in psychology for people who think that the world is as they perceive/see? ("koopamanduk" is the word in Hindi)
How can you tell if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Why extroverts are so adamant & arrogant?
How do you live among fake people?
Is it practical to wear neck tie?
Why are people condescending towards introverts?
What do I do when everyone ignore me as if I'm not there, it really hurts?
What are the fastest ways to deal with an inferiority complex and shyness?
A girl liked me very much, but she lost all interest and now she isn't so keen on talking to me. What should I do?
What is a truth that nobody wants to admit or doesn't see?
Why do people care so much about being popular or unpopular on Quora when it's merely a platform for learning things and expressing opinions?
Can I marry five women if I love all of them equally and am wealthy enough to take care of them?
How can I stop a person from jumping to conclusions about me?
Why is it that international PhD students hardly mix with white American PhD students in the soft sciences programs with a white majority?
How can one give oneself the right to exist as one really is?
Do gender differences exist in herd thinking?
Why do critiques find the movie "The Edge of Seventeen" so profound when it's as ridiculously unrealistic as a Disney movie?
What's the real meaning of the psychology word?
What are my chances for getting a call from IIMs with 98.32%?
Do introverts feel drained by interacting on social media?
Why do people care so much about material things?
How hard is it to find real friends? i.e. people that actually care about your well-being.
What can you infer about someone who has more than 2,700 friends on Facebook?
Why do people only care about family not other peoples?
Does messaging on Quora seem cheap or desperate?
Are most persons passive aggressive?
How would a man describe feeling protective of a girl?
How do cults convince people to give their stuff to the cult?
Why is wider gaps in suicide rates as function of gender is overlooked?
Why do some people disagree with Gurmehar?
Do you believe there are different races?
What do people who care about the land-base need?
Should I change my friend circle? And if yes, how ?
How can I overcome my dependency to social media?
What's something you're not good at that others think is important?
Some people like to think in binary terms, black and white. Why is nuance so hard for them?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
What is the difference between caring deeply for someone and having feelings for them? Aren't they very similar?
Why don't people seem interested in talking to me?
What is the first thing that comes to your head when you see this guy in the image?
If a male friend starts overanalyzing your questions, does he like you? Especially if this was a change from his norm?
Would people who support someone's bad behavior privately still continue to do so if the bad behavior became public?
Why do most meetup groups have many members but only a few actually show up?
What is the need for superficial socialization?
What is the most efficient ethical way to un-brainwash (very) large numbers of people?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
Does a lack of response mean “request denied”?
How do you become an interesting and creative person (How to overcome nervousness in order to be myself) ?
What's the psychology behind certain people liking pop music because it's popular and other people disliking pop music because it's popular?
How do I get my mom to understand that I'm socially awkward?
Why do people think I care when I say "I don't care"?
Why is "cunt" considered so much worse as a swear word than "dick" or "cock"?
How can we make people care more about recycling resources?
Is Islamophobia a made up concept or is it deeply embedded in root level society in the US?
Why is social isolation bad?
I'm a really lovable and caring person but I always seem to care more about other people instead of caring about myself. Should I keep doing this?
How can I stop feeling that I am not worthy of love?
Am I a bad person? Should I be ashamed if my grandma let me stay at her house because I was homeless but then defend myself when she treats me badly?
Why do some people have inferiority complex?
As a Christian, if people’s eternities are on the line, why should I care so much about my own security?
What makes someone nonreligious?
How can introverted, individualistic, slow-minded, less-stamina and deeply philosophical people survive in a massively chaotic country like India?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
How come ‘supermodel’ is even a thing?
Why are we so interested in what others think of us?
If someone was raised in the exact same circumstances as another, would they make the same decisions?
I know our personality type, INTJ, is often very misunderstood. What are some instances of being misunderstood that bothered/affected your life the most?
Why do many people never care about other’s feelings?
What are some unspoken social rules at school?
A sadistic psychopath is after me. If he manages to attack me, what can I do or say to at least annoy him one last time?
Why is it that when we tell a few people about our plans, they never come true?
How do I learn new things without studying, practicing, reading, seeing, listening or experiencing?
How can one manage his life after being bullied in middle school and high school?
Why does anyone care what others believe?
Who are famous social psychologists working on group behaviour/processes/dynamics at the moment?
Why do many people perceive 30 years old as old?
What are the warning symbols before downfall of a society?
Is bullying foolish?
How do I control my boss mind?
What are the habits of a person who is both, an introvert as well as an extrovert?
Is the experience of social chemistry with another person ever one sided?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
Why do humans care about being judged?
Can one remain unsocial in a group?
Why is it so difficult to judge oneself objectively as a person?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
My mother is engaged to someone she met less than six weeks ago; the wedding will take place in less than two months. What advice should I give her?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
How can a bar be designed to specifically appeal to introverts?
Is yelling at someone an efficient way to get out to them?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
What do you think of people who march to the beat of their own drum?
What is Digital Psychology?
Why does the idea of not living seem so good?
What are some reasons a guy would go quiet after a great time together? He was the one who kept stretching the evening longer, why has he gone quiet?
Can video games turn an extrovert into an introvert?
What makes someone unpatriotic?
What does it mean when you convince yourself that objects need you?
Why would another guy tap you on the back after using the bathroom as you walk inside the bathroom to use it?
What is the most precise way of bearing pain & keeping your dignity at the same time?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Is there a term for the sudden feeling/vision of getting hit in the face by a fast moving object?
How do I deal with my inferiority complex?
How can I stop being passive, fatalist, and resigned at 22 years old?
How can I take revenge on somebody at school for stealing my phone for fun?
Why do I care so much about things that should be unconcerning?
What is it called when you don't care what people think of you or say about you at all?
Is putting your hands on someone's shoulders a sign of affection?
Would racism be reduced if people cared more about race?
Is it unnecessary to try being extrovert, or is it the need to socialize?
How can I survive being totally isolated from any people?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
How much does "social construct" influence our behavior?
How is it possible for a smart girl living on welfare and in a trailer park to get to Harvard?
What if there is no meaning to life?
How does it feel to be a 'neurotypical' person?
Our family's life is not changing and none of us are achieving anything big. What should we do?
What are schemas in social psychology?
Do you think he avoids me on purpose?
What book would you recommend on human and social behaviour?
Are teenagers more likely to flirt with a group teenagers they don't know over a group that they do know?
Why do people think so much about others?
Why don’t people admit or say that their hobbies are using Facebook most of the time, or watching TV, or sleeping, or eating, or taking selfies?
Why do some people get mad when you "play devil's advocate"? Isn't it healthy & essential to use counter-advocacy for just about everything?
What are some examples of intimate touch?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
What subtle things do psychologists notice when speaking with someone that tips them off that the person is dishonest?
Why don't I care what others think, yet I still get nervous about talking to people?
Why do people care about how others think about their richness?
What are memes and themes and what do you know about them?
How do people feel about coming to a new, modern world in which technology is heavily depended on?
How can you stop feeling meaningless and worthless when you don't achieve something important?
Is it fair to say that gangs discriminate?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
Can a person opt into more than 1 stream of psychology? How much can we earn in counselling, organisational psychology, and social psychology?
How can I stop being socially awkward as a teen?
Why do people only care about social issues?
What about you made/makes you a misfit?
How can I naturally be funny and charismatic around people without coming across as awkward/forced?
How can we stop human trafficking and modern slavery?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why do human beings have a duty to obey the law?
How much time can an adaptation for living in the new country like the USA take?
Is it a desperate attempt to hang onto you if they say "I'll change"?
Are people with depersonalization-derealization disorder socially active?
If elite hackers declassified hundreds of conspiracy theories from the Pentagon, what would the public/international reaction be?
Why are annoying people that are talked about often given limitless leeway but not the one talking about them?
How do you define the word "populism" in light of contemporary events?
Why does somebody like to be loved and adored even at the cost of their self respect at times?
Don't you really care about what others think or say about you?
Should people care what someone personally finds "offensive?"
How has the internet changed the social landscape of the world? Has this created any problems?
Is socialisation simply a state of flow?
How does being the President of the United States change one? We can see the physical changes but I wonder if this makes them better people?
What is the psychology behind associating cigarettes with art?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Why is it so difficult to find academic or medical sources of the criteria distinguishing shyness from social anxiety and vice versa?
What are your thoughts on the concept that someone with mental illness cannot be a victim of discrimination, because the condition cannot be seen?
What do we call the people who judge or knows a lot about someone?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
Does not wanting to hit a girl make me sexist?
Why do some communities evoke the supernatural to make sense of morality?
Has someone ever mistaken you for someone else?
What is the actor-observer effect?
How do you not care about what others think?
Why do people use the phrase "that made me smile"? Is that a bid for connection?
What is the Unicorn Effect?
Why is being reserved and introverted in the U.S so stigmatized compared to other developed countries?
Why don't the majority of people care about having a family anymore?
Have you been practicing compassion?
Do most people have kids because of social pressure?
What causes bullying to happen?
Can one be satisfied socially by having only online relationships?
Why does infant or child rape happen? What is the psychology behind this?
Why do we judge when we see someone is weird?
A team of people is left on an island. What psychological tricks can you use in order to be accepted as their leader?
Is it possible to be a "nice guy" and not be passive aggressive about it?
What do you do when someone annoys you?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
What does it mean to be low in affective empathy?
Why would my aunt discourage me from taking a good opportunity whilst encouraging her daughter for the same?
Why shouldn't I waste time on girls, and concentrate on porn?
If you only had a choice between being curious or smart-which would you choose and why?
Can you be working class and rich?
Why do people protect, help or defend strangers or the weak without expecting anything in return?
I read an article that men are starved for appreciation, acknowledgement, and affirmation. Do men get hooked on women who offer these to him?
Where can I find online, accurate, and free spatial reasoning tests?
Due to watching porn and 'what will people think', I have difficulty to talk to girls. How can I over come?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
Why do people act violently?
What does your average 31 year old guy think about spending time with a 22 year old girl?
What should everybody know?
Does increased herd thinking sometimes decrease search costs (in economics)?
Why do girls always say they're busy when you ask them out on Tinder?
How can you tell if a man doesn't trust you?
Which question(s) would you ask an individual to get the basic idea about his personality?
What do you think about social media and friendship?
How does one practice being patient with other people?
I only like guys who aren’t interested or don't know me. What sort of brief psychoanalysis could you make of that? What does that say about me?
If somebody wants to know about psychology, what should be their introduction to psychology, if they were looking to use it and learn about it?
Is being passive a bad thing?
Is the Facebook addiction making us less outgoing or anti-social?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
How did you feel when one of your parents came out of the closet? Or how did you feel as a parent coming out to your children?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
Do bullying happens in Pakistani schools?
Have you ever realized you and another person are completely dysfunctional but have great chemistry?
Why do we care about what others think of us, and when we realize the problem, how come nothing changes?
How do guys feel when a girl puts her head on their chest when she hugs them?
How can I change my mentality that makes me believe that I will never be loved by women?
How can I get a girlfriend when I don’t think I’m worth anyone’s time?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why do people care about suicide?
If I stop eating and drinking now, how long will it take to die?
How do you start a texting conversation with someone you're interested in?
Why do religious people care about only certain things but not other things in Bible?
What does it mean when a girl says, "Yeah, you’re cute, but can I learn from you?" to a guy?
Why is it that when a guy pretends that he is arrogant and cold hearted he becomes more interesting but with girls it's not the same?
Why did the stormtroopers care about hiding the fact that they killed the Jawas?
Is arrogance more attractive than humility?
What is the psychological term that describes a person who compulsively blames others after taking help from them?
How does it make guys feel when a girl says "I would feel safer if you were with me"?
Do I need to be extra nice to the people who project their inferiority complex on me?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Could calling a thirty-year-old man "puppy" be offensive to him?
Which ideas of social psychology do the educational system need to grasp?
When should you care what others think of you?
How do I make myself brave? How can I motivate myself to work hard?
Rasicm: How can I be more tolerant of other cultures?
Is it true that men over 20 almost never experience physical contact with another person during their regular day? Does it affect them?
How do you argue with a millionaire?
Why should I care about how other people feel?
What can I do to overcome my stutter as I am very nervous and shy to the point when in the past I had avoided social interactions outside of school?
How do I overcome inferiority complex regarding my career?
How can I exit any social situation as fast and tactfully as possible?
How can an INFP stop being passive?
What is the psychological and social damage of masturbation?
I'm introverted and socially awkward, how can I meet a girl if I'm always silent?
How can we control social media?
Do girls like to make fun of boys? If so, why?
Could a society exists where no has to work and everyone is rich? (thanks to technology like robots)
Why should or shouldn't prostitution be legalized?
Why are my unexperienced classmates able to record videos in a resolution of 2160p?
Is it good to be hardcore, as in a tit-for-tat kind of person?
Why is social status so important? Why does it matter more to some people than others?
Are there any objective traits in male or female individuals that would make one of them more desirable to build a new society?
How do I not be socially awkward in small talks?
How can I make somebody pass out without leaving any permanent damage or any clues?
Why should we care about the privacy of others?
Why does social interaction seem so effortless to everyone I see but me?
Do selfish people really care about others or only about themselves?
What is bullying for?
How do I stop envying successful people?
Does China suffer a lot from the bystander effect?
Why does a man feel vulnerable when a woman surprises him with a gift?
Which are some of the disadvantages of verbal communication?
How can I get the favor of the superior rich and powerful people?
When scandals become public, do most people continue to support them or do they cut ties?
What do you think about studying psychology at Oxford? Are there any opinions?
What makes people more inclined towards a certain ideology or philosophy?
Which do people prefer - the first bench or last bench?
Should you interview people in your personal life like you interview people for a job to try to determine if they will be a good fit for you?
Can you give me advice on my dating life—it's complicated?
Why do children not care about what other people think of them, and what makes them change when they grow up?
How do you show love and kindness to your enemies and people who show disliking to you?
is it better to be right or to blend/fit in?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
Why did my aunt choose to discourage my brother?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
What makes someone an Indian?
What serious repercussions can come from leaving a passive-aggressive note on a car that was terribly parked?
How do I know if I'm sick or just lazy?
Why do children play?
Why would a five year old child say that he wants to die?
How is social psychology applied in everyday life?
Why do I care what people think so much? What causes this?
If you could only save one person, would you save someone of your own race or of other race?
How can I cultivate an aura of prestige?
Why is society insane?
What kind of flawed thinking is it when someone says, "I'll get a lot of customers once I advertise on #### website"?
Could a guy be looking at me only because I looked at him?
Does being "thick skinned" mean not having dignity?
Is it normal for people to feel socially awkward at times?
How often do you swear?
How have cults been started in the past and how could one start now?
How do I overcome the uncomfortable feeling when it comes to asking for help?
Biologically, what makes people more awkward than others?
Why am I always hearing my name?
What are the most popular new emojis added in 2016/17 and what do they mean?
How do extroverts balance the need for interactions with others, with the need to be able to control some circumstances of their own activities?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
Can a narcicisst also be an introvert?
What is the psychology behind psychologists choosing the field of psychology?
Why do people use the "I don’t want this to ruin our friendship" excuse when they decide not to date a friend?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
Is it right to help a friend during an exam?
Could an autistic savant display social aptitude through psychological study, and memorizing body language, micro-expressions, and other social cues?
What is the best way to develop a strong social network?
Do you remember when you were young and had a "thing" with a guy or girl you were interested in? What do we call that situation as adults?
Do people not care that our resources are being depleted?
What is the most optimal school class size for the different age groups?
Is using psychological findings to stimulate people doing as one's wish considered as manipulation?
What is more important, how the creating force of this time-space judges you, or how your contemporaries do?
What causes a 5 year old child to wake up in the morning in a cranky, disrespectful, uncooperative and authoritarian mood almost every day?
What are the advantages and shortfalls of being individual (lonely), in a group and being in a couple relationship?
When did cigarettes become socially unacceptable?
What must one assume or learn to question about social morality to not be a victim of other's dogmas, false ideologies and collective tyranny?
If you're interested in a woman, should you just start out as friends?
Have you ever had someone in your life who was beyond patient with you? I have never had someone like that before.
What do you think about Donald Trump's shake-and-pull handshake?
How can I differentiate between the things which I actually don't want to do and the things which I don't do for other's sake?
What are the "social processes" in social psychology?
Why do guys playfully push and throw things at girls even as adults?
Why should anyone pay a spouse’s bills when he/she sabotaged his/her career by selling trade secrets just because of his/her ego?
What is the biggest lie you know that is almost universally accepted as truth?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because my parents told me to?
Is Christianity getting more popular in the west?
What makes someone a liar?
Is it bad to be satisfied by Internet socialisation alone?
How quickly do social skills "rot" after a period of little use?
Why is human behavior so unpredictable?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
Is there a single word to describe a relationship between two parties built solely on the mutual hate or distrust of a common third party?
What is the best way to deal with a passive aggressive mother in law?
What's the use of socialization?
What haunts you personally?
How does social isolation affect elderly people?
Could one predict what kind of 'cheap' stance a certain populace or community would take on any given slightly challenging issue or problem?
What is the simplest thing that anyone could do that could completely change society?
What does it mean when a guy texts you regularly in the evening and the morning?
Is division and conflict between people rooted in the creation of divisive groups?
What are the behaviors of strong people?
I have faked a personality for a few years, but now I'm tired of doing it. What can I do?
Can you fix a broken person?
Should I ask my former master's advisor for a letter of recommendation if he is no longer in academia?
If someone is irritable, getting only up to three hours of sleep a night, and jumps from topic to topic when talking, what could be wrong?
Are humans really socially intelligent yet?
Do people care about men's issues?
How do I handle unannounced visitors?
Why does a passive-aggressive partner stonewall for weeks on end?
How do you do more than just show tolerance to others who are different from you?
Can you die from social isolation?
How do I deal with social cliques?
Why are children cared more about than adults?
What's the difference in a passive-aggressive relationship and a narcissistic one?
In what countries do people not care about a politician’s marital status?
How many people would rejoice if you died?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
How can I start being myself & feel confident? How can I stop restraining my personality due to fear of coming off as arrogant and cocky?
Why do we as a society love technological progress but disregard working on social and cultural progress so much?
What makes the character Deadpool so lovable?
What can you say to comfort someone who broke a bone and won't be able to do physical activity for a year?
How can I determine if someone is interested in me or my money?
What are some behavioral examples of a frenemy?
Did the Aurora shooter have Asperger's Syndrome?
What effects do the GOTG, LEGO and Flash (TV) series, which utilizes extensive references to other pop media, tries to have on their audience?
How out of touch is Pepsi management after such a tone deaf commercial?
How can I defend myself when people at the place I volunteer are trying to block my performance and stonewalling me?
When men are grinning and their eyes light up when talking to a women, does that mean they are happy to talk to her or is there more to it?
When a woman puts herself in a vulnerable situation with a guy, does he perceive her trust?
What's the most challenging thing as an empath or simply as someone who is highly sensitive?
Is it wrong that I reject those that were not friendly to me in the past?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
If a guy starts pointing out all of the things you do or say that make him smile, is that a sign of emotional attachment?
How do I reduce or stop ass sweat?
How do we control how people treat us?
Why do people talk more about you in their mind than in person?
What do people do once they realize they are genetically unfit to reproduce?
Which MBTI types love and hate competitive ball sports?
How do I deal with a teenager who's been neglected for most of his life?
What must I do when I come across selfish people?
How do I stop caring about how I appear (personality-wise)/what others think about me?
How should I deal with a passive-aggressive friend?
Why is it that the more we care, the more we get hurt by people?
Why do people have patterns of leaving others and then coming back? And how can one improve this?
What is the way by which I can stop being an extrovert?
Can men and women just be friends if they admit mutual attraction?
What are ways to change my personality to save myself from the savior syndrome?
How do you get to where, you don't care what other people think?
What are some examples of safe spaces?
What was Rousseau's precise opinion about private property?
Is the narcissistic way the best way when dealing with new people, by never showing emotional weakness?
Does Tori Guy enjoy being a bumpkin?
What do you do when someone says you have hurt their feelings and they are starting not to care?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Do you ever feel inferior just because of where you come from?
India does not care about its own slums. Why does India say that India cares about the standards of living of the people in Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
Do people say that there is no need to be accepted by others because they are not so?
What would happen to the world if the emotion of fear suddenly disappeared?
What do you consider sufficient social interaction?
Would it be socially acceptable to not tip in the US?
How can I become an open person around strangers?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
What is distributive justice in the workplace?
What should be the parameters to rate a person?
Considering the outcomes of the Milgram experiment, what can be the best framework for an efficient institution?
As a Muslim, have you encountered Muslims who abuse the concept of taqiyah?
Why are some people so callous to others?
Do the liberals that articulate the most inconsequential component(s) of an argument to be annoying or are they literally that stupid?
Is feeling lonely a type of emotional disorder?
Have you ever felt an inferiority complex in MBA colleges like IIM, XLRI, or SP Jain where people around you were just better and smarter than you?
Do you find the tweets of the United Nations during holiday season offensive?
When is it appropriate to use ghosting in online social situations?
Why don't people care about constants other than π?
Why do some people criticize other people for mourning about an incident and not mourning about countless others around the world?
What is the best way a person can get rid of his limiting beliefs?
Do you think introverts actually want to be extroverts?
Why does Google honour Abdul Sattar Edhi today?
How far would you go if someone call you names?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
Why do people care about other countries? We shouldn't feel bad for our enemies.
Prostitution and spying are considered as the oldest professions. What does this say about us humans?
How do psychologists and sociologists view social issues (e.g. crime, violence, conflict or terrorism) differently?
Is it normal to imagine killing someone when you are angry?
How do you loosen up before a socially challenging event?
Is it more psychologically damaging if a child grows up with a father who is emotionally absent and abusive rather than growing up without a father?
Is it possible to be self absorbed but still care about others?
Should you tell someone close to you, everything that happens to you?
I am looking for the name of a historical woman who carried sick newborns around and their health improved dramatically. Do you know her name?
Do sensitive people have trouble being persuasive and/or direct?
Why do we as people only care when someone in the first class dies? People don't care when people in a poor country get killed?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
What is your definition of weirdness, in other words when you would call somebody weird?
What should be done when you get to know that your 13-year-old brother not only watches porn but stimulates this idea within his friends?
What does it mean when I can read other's emotions but I don't actually care about them?
How does an Indian man tamper with a woman's self-esteem?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
At what age does it become socially acceptable for a guy to dine alone at a restaurant?
My girlfriend doesn't have friends. How should I deal with it?
Does facing adversity make you more sensitive to the suffering of others?
What do you think would happen if someone lived with little to no contact with people starting after the age of 18?
Are more people passive aggressive in the service professions?
Why doesn't someone make an affordable .405 WCF?
Is it weird that I developed the habit of telling myself what others think of me, even though I don't care about people?
Do people with low self esteem and insecurities become targets?
I'm surrounded by limited thinking and lazy people. I've become one as well. How do I get out of this situation?
Over the years I've taken many tests and always come out as ENTP, how can I improve or enrich my life by knowing this?
Will hurling harsh abuse at my dad whenever he has a cigarette help him to give up smoking?
I'm an introvert, and see social interaction as tiring, and sometimes, a waste of time. How do I enjoy social interaction more?
Why do people care so much about left handedness?
What are your observations about the psychology of "Flat Earth" believers?
What should I do if I care for others and they do not care for me?
Psychologically, do people prefer to see smaller numbers go up (1,2,3…40) or larger numbers (1000, 2000, 3000…40000)?
Should I be offended if someone doesn't feel comfortable with me because I am not a 'visible' person of color?
What level of technological progress could be necessary in order to functionally dispell organized superstitions?
When should you be proud?
Why do so many supervisors and managers talk to their staff as if they are 10-year-olds?
Is being introvert for men and extrovert for women wrong?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
How does a girl respectfully point out a man is in the wrong without making him feel shame?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
What is the reason behind social comparison, especially over social media platforms? How can one overcome the need to compare?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
Why should I care about the opinions of strangers?
Why do many of my old friends start to avoid and ignore me, after I clearly declared that I am taking full responsibility for my own life?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
What disorder includes: must be right, too honest, hyperfocus, high energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, and logical?
What's something people have belittled you for caring about?
What is your one secret or mantra that would help me to succeed in anything?
Do you agree with all of these points on the nature of mankind?
Why aren't we mad at the specific people involved in the United Flight 3411 incident (man forcibly removed from overbooked flight)?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
If love and companionship are basic human needs, then aren’t we with people just because they satisfy these needs?
Does your wife complain about you watching porn?
I know that my best friend treats others better than me. Why do I not care?
What are some of the best relationship advice for men?
Why does somebody know you for 2 seconds and call you shy?
Why does Cristiano Ronaldo have more fans than Lionel Messi, even though everybody admits that Messi is the best player?
How do you know if a platonic relationship is toxic or if you just have differing opinions?
Why do people care about the size of their genitals?
How long should I wait for a reply email?
Am I objectifying men if I took a picture of a really attractive man to show my friends?
What do you think of people who constantly apologize?
Why do people often misrepresent themselves (unintentionally) on their social networking profiles?
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
My 16 year old daughter keeps on screaming and swearing at me even though I haven't done anything bad to her. Can someone help me stop this?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
Security updates piss me off badly. Do you have any advice?
Is it acceptable to lie to someone with a bad temper in order to avoid conflict?
What is the best way to manage the hedonic treadmill?
Why did my wife’s biological mother ask me why I wanted to marry my wife? Is it because she is crazy?
How can a male teenager of 18 years old become mature?
What is the psychological reason behind "Gloomy Sunday" being so depressing?
What is the difference between Communication Studies and Social psychology?
How do I stop feeling like everyone hates me at my new job?
What can be said about a person who says he can do things but in reality cannot?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
Does someone who never experienced a certain type of adversity able to emotionally empathize with the victims of that adversity?
Why do some people care too much about their self image while others don't?
Why do some people get annoyed & consider you stupid or accuse you of asking "stupid questions" whenever you ask questions?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
Why do 3rd world country people care so much about stealing?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
What has always been your paradigm about love relationship between men and women?
I'm socially awkward and I feel socially rejected from my peers. What can I do to improve my social life?
What is the difference between social psychology and counseling psychology?
Why do I feel like the cleaning maid wants me to leave my parents house and go live somewhere else?
Why do some people look like they belong in a certain social groups?
Should I tell my classmates about this opportunity even if it means i'll be indirectly telling my enemy about it?
Is it ok for a 30 year old man to spend a significant amount of time alone with a 21 year old girl if he thinks she's too young for him?
Why do some people think it is okay to fake having a disability?
Why do people generally laugh when a female punches a man, but as soon as the man punches back they all rush in to stop the fight?
What kind of GIFs and emojis do you wish existed but don't yet?
Why don't I want to do anything in life?
How do I get rid of the fear of what other people think and say about me?
What are some controversial questions about forgiveness?
What makes you believe you are contrarian? And how do you avoid the herd mentality?
What do other people do that you don't do?
How do I get the man I need?
What can I do about my embarrassment with loneliness?
How can I stopped feeling and believing that I am nothing at 22 years old?
What makes someone seductive?
Why, when looking down on someone for not meeting their standards of dress, do they say they "could have made an effort"?
Are humans social because of biological or sociological reasons?
What are some reasons I should stay alive?
What issues do adult children of narcissists face, and how can they over come them to lead a healthy life?
How do you know if you should give someone another chance in your life?
Why does the saying “familiarity breeds contempt” come true almost always?
Why do some people think that war and unnecessary violence would solve a conflict?
Will people dislike me if I'm not very self confident?
How can I hang out with Bill Gates?
Why are there so many men who choose their jobs over families?
Is it unreasonable of me to ask my boyfriend to take down photos of his daughter at birth as I'm pregnant with his second child?
Why do people often care about looks over personality?
Can someone be deprived of physical (platonic) intimacy with others? If so, how would "touch deprivation" be treated?
How do I get over the fact that I almost lost my job?
Why is it so difficult nowadays to find a conservative, religious, nationalist girl?
Why does unspoken approval exist in some relationships and not others? What does it mean about that relationship?
In the movie "Good Will Hunting" Do you think the ending was right or wrong? Why?
What would be the consequences if greed was completely eliminated from mankind?
Why do people force themselves to purchase a newer smartphone despite the old one still works perfectly fine?
Could not being hugged or told that I'm loved for two years affect me for the rest of my life? I'm aware of being skin starved.
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
What are common personality types of Russians?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you after doing a good deed?
How do I adapt to the new culture and the environment?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
What makes someone ask about someone else when they have already spoken to them?
Have you been shy before but one day decided not to anymore?
What are the similarities between games, religion and corporate?
How can participants benefit from diary studies?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
My dad is acting very passive aggressive and on edge to anyone in our family who annoys him. What should we do?
How can I have a trivial conversation?
How do I stop envying men who have success with women?
How do I handle other people's opinions?
Why do I care so much about my impression?
Do you have any tips and techniques from a superior person to get work done?
What is being mature for a 22-year-old man?
Which professional should I see for personal general advice?
Does the word "please" after every question make it better?
Has the "herd mentality" of humans ever caused you to have a negative experience?
Is psychiatry a front for capitalism?
Have you been attending church and fellowships without ever feeling the need to become baptized? Do you question why others get baptized but not you?
In group dynamics, how would you stop a leader who uses the group's fear to control it?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
What is the purpose of someone telling you that things you have done or said made them smile?
Do you test people to see if they care about you, before doing something for them?
What is social psychology? What exactly is the work of a social psychologist?
Why do people use the bathroom for every dirty thing?
For someone not used to the city life, what things should I keep in mind while socializing with others?
The guy I like told me he loved me while he was drunk. What does this mean?
What do you think about herd mentality?
How could I lower my expectations of people?
Are haters productive for society?
How can I worry less about others thoughts?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What is the greatest persuasion tactic to use?
How has social media ruined our inner soul?
What percentage of people practicing any religion are true believers and not following it as a ritual out of fear of being ostracized or victimized?
Why are Indians out of other races, care so much about status and social class?
What can you tell about a person's level of intelligence from their facial reactions and microexpressions?
How can I approach women if I have no interesting things to offer or to say?
Is it better to act like Ezio from Brotherhood or like Gandhi? What are the perceptions and advantages of either, including influence and likability?
What is the best school for a PhD in social psychology?
What is the black bloc?
Would introverts like to be extroverts?
Have I been betrayed due to my own way of reaching out by helping those who seemed isolated?
Do you think he meant this comment as an insult?
Can people Differentiates between shyness and arrogance?
Why do I still care about people that underestimate me?
How can I make friends in 2nd year college Btech?
Which people have the highest social status among our society?
Why am I the only one suffering in my family, but they think everything is fine?
What are some examples of social mores in psychology?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? Friends do this occasionally when it’s funny, but he does it all the time.
Is it true that Bernie cares about helping ordinary people while the rest of Congress mostly care about their own wealth and position?
When a guy tells you to make him smile, is it a bid for connection? Why do people do this?
What would young people say that they care about if we asked 26,000 of them?
Is it good that I force myself to talk when I have no desire to speak at all?
A friend of mine was banned from a bar that we would frequent together. Why is he attempting to prove himself now?
What do you think about the fact that I rarely think about school when I'm not in school?
What's passive aggressive tendencies?
Is 5"9 short for a 23 year old man?
While there are many dangerous cults, are there any that are not dangerous?
Is everything fundamentally sexual?
Why do people try to impress and spend time with someone when the other person is showing no interest at all? More information in the details.
A girl told me that she had a boyfriend, and then the next day she told me she was just kidding. What was that all about? It was kind of random.
Does knowing social psychology gives you an advantage?
What would you do as a girl if your former boyfriend threatens to kill or injure your current boyfriend because of jealousy?
How predominant is internalized racism within people from East Asia (Korea, China and Japan)?
How do I manage with roommates (stranger) if you are sharing room away from hometown?
Does ASPD make you lonely?
Why should I offer my seat to a pregnant woman?
I’m ugly I like the cute girl but she doesn't like me, but there's a not my type girl who likes me, should I just go with her to not be alone forever?
Could the reason that I unknowingly get close to and in relationships with females that have mental illnesses be that I have a mental illness myself?
Why are people so much harder on other people?
How can someone who's not "a success" associate with successful people, when successful people do not want unsuccessful people around them?
How long does it take for someone to show their true personality?
Am I a bad person for not always helping other people whenever I have the chance to?
How do you know someone is lucky?
What was lacking or excessive in how your parents raised you and how does it affect you today?
Why are people so easily offended by anything?
Will we buy more stuff simply because we have the space for it?
Why do I like to go from zero to one hundred?
Should someone admit that he/she is an introvert?
How do I avoid overreacting and getting angry and frustrated when discussing with other people?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
As a social psychologist, how do conversations usually feel with other people? Do you analyze everything they say/do and base your responses on that?
Why are people in the West so intelligent and smart compared to people in East?
What is the term used to describe someone who pretends to know about psychology?
We say that we don't care what others think of us, but isn't everything we do for others?
Is it possible for women to initiate conversation with a guy?
How do I stop getting intimidated by someone due to their size, physical appearance, social status or social rank?
Does being introverted have much to do with not wanting to have sex that much?
Do you think that those popular teenagers who pretend that they are cold-hearted are acually cold-hearted or do they just want to appear interesting?
What are must known psychological and sociological theories that every marketing professional know?
Should men with Asperger's who want to date women work on their looks more than on their social skills (which can't be improved)?
How can someone stop pretending to be someone he is not at 23 years old?
How can one be selectively social?
Why do people worry so much about other people's opinion of themselves?
Is the "I'll show you you're wrong" mindset/attitude the same as caring what other people think of you?
What is the difference between low self-esteem and inferiority complex?
Are social dynamics complex?
Why do I feel extreme laziness and reluctance towards socializing?
What makes someone assertive?
Do men need social connection as much as women?
Is it normal to become socially withdrawn after moving to a new job?
Two people are in a room, and you are told that one of them has to die. What five questions will you ask them in order to choose which one lives?
If someone is 75% European, 15% Native American, 8% West African and 2% North African - Would you consider them white or mixed?
When women consistently don't make eye contact with me, it makes me feel that I’m not someone worthy of acknowledgement. Is this feeling justified?
What makes one person funny and another not funny?
How will a mature 30-year-old girl behave?
What should a person do if they develop inferiority complex even with slightest failure?
Is it okay to send my supervisor a message wishing her a good holiday?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How do I stop caring about what others think and say?
I always don't have a lot to talk about and that makes me feel others don't like me. What's going on exactly with me?
What are some experiences of people changing personality in a complete 180?
Do you think that Trump supporters tend to respond to gut feeling more than reason?
Why is multiculturalism good?
What would happen if you put some people in a closed room and tell them only the last survivor will leave?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Why do people care about their careers?
How can I be true around women and stop being too nice and passive?
Are genius people socially awkward?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
What's the attitude men are attracted to the most when they flirt with female sex workers, submissive or dominant?
Why do I find some people annoying for no reason?
Is it wrong to not care about other people?
Why do people care about not hurting others feelings?
Can trying to be congenial to others upon meeting them be misinterpreted as kiss-assery?
Is it safe to assume that there is a hidden hypocrite in every person?
Why does this girl at school ignore people?
Why do you think people usually hardly withstand the not very comfortable truth about them or their actions?
What if we as a society become desensitised to beauty?
The woman I am dating is attractive, kind, and well off. I am afraid to take it further because I feel like I cant compete. How should I look at this?
What are some unspoken social rules and conduct that we have been following so far, and how will they change in the coming years?
How do you offer compassion to someone who doesn’t seem to deserve it?
Why should social psychology be taught in school?
Do convulsions make people have psychological/social problems?
Why do I always want physical affection, despite having a loving family?
Why do people care what other people think?
How do you flirt when you're socially awkward?
I talk and I'm really good at it. I can get the most introverted of introverts to feel comfortable and open up. How can I capitalise on this?
How do you know if you have intellectual chemistry with someone else?
How can I forget about being neglected and abandoned in childhood and have a good self-esteem?
When someone loses their will to live, does that mean they will die?
Do INFPs tend to be more judgmental than others perceive? Do they like to gossip/ to criticize people?
From a highly introverted person, I'm transforming into a very extroverted one. Will I miss my old self?
How do parents deal with their passive-aggressive children?
Every spring, I feel sad for no apparent reason. What could be the reason, and what could I do about it?
How do I make a living without ever going outside?
Why are foreigners helping us Bangladeshis but our own people don't care about our country?
Do most people sometimes have much more cash on them than at other times?
Why do the Bajrang Dal people become so active on 14th Feb and start caring about the country's culture so much? Why is no action taken against them?
Can one's intelligence be detrimental to social relationships?
How did the Dutch greet each other in the 1950s?
How do I not lose faith in kindness when everyone around me is so cruel?
What are some other good ways to experience the magic of life similar to skydiving and zero gravity?
Why do so many people on Quora like to explain exactly how to do their type of business?
What are some useful tips to control your negative thoughts, when you are in situation where people treat you low and talk bad about you in the back?
What makes cars attractive?
What do we learn from research in social psychology?
How do I deal with discouraging people?
As someone who is a classic introvert, how can I expand my social network?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
How do you quickly assess someone's desires?
Why do people tend to label themselves?
Do people care about themselves more than others?
Is it silly to offer someone help that you yourself cannot achieve?
What makes someone European?
What do I do when my friends don't want to watch a movie that isn't from Hollywood?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
What should you never try in life?
Why most of them speak about others?
Should people with personality disorders be held responsible for their behavior?
How can I judge people from their behaviour?
Why are some people just popular?
Should you care about people around you respect you or not?
Why do right wingers think people are insulted by being called Social Justice Warriors?
How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed about being associated with being wrong?
What are best techniques for handling a difference of opinion?
Why doesn't the Adverse Childhood Experiences test include childhood bullying from peers?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt ask me what I find attractive about my wife and tell me that she considered my wife ugly?
Why do people claim that all Asians look alike but they never claim the same about Africans (of certain parts)?
Why are smartphones good for youngsters?
What are reasons a person would not be courteous enough to move out of the direct path of an individual?
If a girl tells me to stop, should I?
Should I care what people think about my appearance?
Is saying "I'm pessimistic" considered pessimist by itself?
What are some reasons a man would avoid eye contact with you?
Do you ever use a pet name for a female friend?
What are the social dynamics?
How do I deal with feeling intimidated and embarrassed when learning something new?
What are some tips to use your mind better in conversations?
Do you believe in the concept of the Evil Eye?
How can people accept to express their own choices, take responsibility for them and stop looking for validation?
Why do people care so much about IQ scores?
Why do people obsess with other people, particularly people who aren't affiliated with them?
Why do Indians care so much about social status, reputation and what other people think about them?
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
If you are a person whose friend committed suicide in the past, how do you feel now?
Why are people so concerned about other people’s looks?
How do you know someone's true personality?
How can an introvert make a speech while fully optimizing their qualities specific to introversion?
Is it possible to actually be addicted to the thrill of doing something I shouldn't be doing?
Are people more or less likely to engage in pro-social behaviors when it is anonymous?
Is sivananda gurukulam a safe place?
Why do a lot of people only care about themselves nowadays?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Is it cool to be a racist today?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to travel with him?
I'm 18 and haven't had a girlfriend, what should I do?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
Are there some people who just call themselves as introverts to get attention?
Do you feel like texting someone right before you fall asleep is intimate? Why does this feel so significant to some people?
What are signs that a lady is willing to share her bed with you?
What is social distance?
What is "intimacy" in Maslow 's hierarchy of needs?
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
What's wrong with society nowadays?
Why do people only care about themselves nowadays?
Should I turn in the same work?
What does social psychology impart to us?
What skill comes easily to you while extremely hard for others?
Why is so much attention given to drama?
What is the psychology behind a person who is uncomfortable around you when she is alone but acts very friendly with you when she is with her friends?
Why do people care so much about rotten tomato reviews?
What are some specific social actions that increase oxytocin and does this measurably benefit us? If yes, how?
Why are people so different through email than they are in person?
How can I get rid of the victim mentality that I have since childhood?
What would be your psychological analysis of Light Yagami from Death Note?
What can you do when you start to fall out of caring for someone?
What is the relationship of psychology, anthropology, and sociology to education?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
He is trying to say he is sorry by his actions but why is it so difficult for my younger brother just to apologize?
Does lack of social life harm intelligence?
Why does it take time to process in your head that you've been betrayed?
How has your frequently moving homes/geographic locations as a child affected your life?
How do I deal with a socially awkward relationship?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
Would you rather have the "perfect" appearance and be charismatic, or be extremely intelligent, creative and slightly socially awkward?
Does low life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
What would be the psychological and social effects of a world without privacy?
Why do some people prefer emotional exuberance than intelligence?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
What causes hybristophilia?
Why do people often care more about 'intelligence' than effort?
What should I answer if someone asks "Are you new to this city"?
Why are extroverts so insecure?
Were you a bully in school?
Is there any axiomatic model for the games people play in human relationship?
Why are so many people so anti sex?
Why is it that this guy I know sees the need to call me by my middle name?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
How do I become the dirtiest manipulator and liar?
What is the difference between the values and rationale of a cult vs. society at large?
How do you deal with people asking you personal questions?
How do I avoid someone annoying at school?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
Why is social interaction important to human health?
How do social psychology perspectives work?
Is social psychology used in game development?
What does it mean when a guy starts sending you music he likes?
How do I stop feeling guilty for people worse-off than me? Why is the world so unequal?
Why do women follow the herd mentality when choosing men?
What are the emotional challenges that some single children might face in their personal/social life?
What does it mean when a guy points out every time you do/say something that makes him smile?
How do I help a person who is having a cultural shock?
When was the last time someone tried to hit on you on Quora?
How is it possible to really move on for good in my life, to forgive the past, and to live mindfully in the present, after I have lived miserably for 23 years?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
Can being in a group influence your behavior / thinking?
If I don't eat at all and go to my local gym six times a day, will I be very extremely thin in six months?
What makes someone part of the capitalist class?
What does gay mean? Can a girl be gay because I’ve only heard this word used for boys?
Why do people care more about adopting animals than kids?
Why do we love some numbers more than the other ones?
Why would someone only watch violent movies?
My singing video has went viral. How do I handle this sudden fame?
What are social skills and why are they important?
What is betrayal? Could you give me examples so I can understand why people betray?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
As a guy, would you let a female friend just sit and play with your hair?
How can I find someone in a new place who has the same taste as I do?
Why do you care about what others think of you and your legacy?
Do you text your female friends every day or just the girl you're interested in?
Is there a psychological explanation for why I get turned on by dressing literally hot?
How do you deal with a passive-aggressive partner who seems to start arguments for no reason?
What should I put on my 101 in 1001 Days bucket list?
Why do people care so much about their babies, even though they could just make a new one?
Is it fine to avoid a shabby-looking and uneducated cousin or brother?
How do you get over a highly accomplished ex?
Guys, why would you ask a girl to go to yoga class with you?
Is there a good way to not feel bad when you read insults that are indirectly targeted toward you (e.g.: “All woman are bitches.”)?
Should you believe that people apologize in their own way and you should accept it as that, instead of a flat out apology?
Can you tell my personality by the type of music I enjoy?
What can I do to make myself feel better about my body?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? I understand it’s a bid for connection, but he does it all the time. Why?
Do people care if their friends are selfish?
Who is responsible for what a person says and does to another person?
What do you think of people who always complain whenever someone discusses a topic that has been discussed more than once?
How do you casually decline an offer to something that you think you would enjoy doing?
Why can't I stand other pupils of my school class to have better smartphones with better cameras ?
If you are in a group and you find someone not mingling, would you let that person mind his/her own business or do something else?
How can I stop pretending that I don't care about people or anything, because I actually do care?
Why do people care about white washing?
Is literature ultimately just entertainment?
I speak very poorly - finding it hard to express myself - and people often perceive me as being dumb because of it. How do I speak better?
Would the child of a murder victim be able to visit their parent's killer in prison?
What are some reasons nobody should have an inferiority complex?
Why is dominating others the worst human personality trait?
As a society, are we lagging in race relations? We are progressive on many fronts but are we becoming an inclusive and "colorblind" society?
What are some research trends in the field of psychology?
What are the similarities in sociology and psychology?
Have you ever had a real-life "What Would You Do?" (ABC TV show) moment? If so, what did you do and were you pleased or disappointed with your response?
What role can cognitive psychology play in the application of AR/VR in museums (informal learning environments)?
How can we apply Thibaut and Kelly's independence theory in living our lives?
Do you think people who commit suicide are the ultimate quitters of life?
Should you judge someone based on their tone of voice?
Why we care more about Malala as compared to our own people,like Razia?
What factors influence whether a person becomes or is territorial?
Why do many people feel that racial/religious diversity is something a country needs? Are these types of diversity beneficial? Why?
Is showing being a victim a way of getting favour? What is the victim card?
Remember the man who confessed to killing Jon Benet Ramsay, but didn't? What should have been done with him?
How does an introvert overcome procrastination and laziness quickly?
Why is it that when someone pays attention to me I act stupid?
Why would someone who has a very high IQ achieve nothing worthwhile in their life?
When there are questions about God and Christianity here in Quora, why do atheists flock and answer?
What are the coolest social psychology theories and concepts?
Why would a woman get more attention from men when wearing a suit?
Why do some people prefer fantasy and are addicted to it? Is it because of a lack of social interaction? What is this term called in psychology?
What do you think of Eric Barker's book Barking Up the Wrong Tree?
Would you prefer to smile on a bicycle or cry in a BMW?
How can I stop doubting myself for an upcoming contest?
Why are some people not afraid of being judged by others?
What celebrities do you want to be in your squad?
Is it favoritism for my mother to place more pictures around the house of her grandson than of her stepgrandson?
How can I psychoanalyse other people?
Do bipolar care about what others think about them? Do they hate being judged negatively?
Why are the people around us so negative?
Why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on power lines?
Can one buy their way into high society? If so, how? How much would it cost? Who in history has done it?
What is the psychology behind worshipping a hero/strong man?
How is possible to disconnect from everybody socially without feeling guilty for doing so?
Is it common for unattractive, broke, unsuccessful people with low standards to obsessively hate on people who have it all?
Is it ethical to attempt to change the beliefs of a closed-minded individual?
Has any country other than India ever had Demonetization of their currency notes?
How do I change my own micro expressions?
How can we help a person who have negativism inside them?
How can I take revenge on my teacher for taking my phone away and deliberately embarrassing me?
How far you now from yourself? And what's make you "you"?
What does someone look like when they are confident about themselves?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
Is it considered weird/socially uncouth to go bowling alone?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
I told the deepest secret of my life to a near stranger. Was I stupid to do that?
Why do iPhone users now have a tele-camera?
Is success in show business based mostly on luck and connections?
What is the psychology behind religion and why do intelligent people fall for it?
What is not caring what others think in a good way?
Why don't people care about my efforts?
How do I deal with siblings who are born shy, emotionally dependent and coward?
Who is Danielle Bregoli?
Why is it that I smile when others cry or simply don't care when they talk about all the bad in their life?
How much is protesting driven by right of passage bandwagons vs. return on personal investment?
How can one control mob lynchings?
What is peer pressure like in Japan?
Why do people think they'll find the answer to the nature of god and the afterlife on Quora?
Why should I care about people when they don't care about me anyways?
What is the single most underrated trait a person can have?
Do you need to care about other people as a student?
Men, what attracts you to women, and why?
Why doesn't anyone tell me to hangout even though I think I'm a really good and fun person?
Some rumours going around that, even though Steve Jobs was very inspiring, he was a mean person. Whats your take on that?
Why is ”culture” a thing?
Does anyone still care about the reason or why stuff happens in modern times?
Why should humanity not vanish? Why are humans so egotistical and self-centred? Are humans altruistic by nature? Can any species ever be altruistic?
What does a therapist say to someone with self-hatred in psychotherapy?
How did you meet the love of your life and are you still together?
How do you think Vault 7 from Wikileaks has changed the world?
What are the best ways to become a catalyst to society dismantling leading to anarchy?
Becoming friend with your ex even if you know that she still loves you is it good or bad?
What are some examples of social psychology perspectives?
Is it okay to be a femboy, and is being one socially unacceptable?
How can I shake off my sensitivity?
How would you explain "sexual abuse" to a group of children? (In kid-friendly language)?
Why do some people treat people who love them worse than those who don't care about them?
Why do people not care about war or donations?
Can one heal from narcissistic abuse with a professional and learn to cope with living with a narcissist, or is no contact the only option?
How can I connect deeper with people, make friends and also be a better friend?
Does the presence of too many intelligent persons in a place hinders their progress?
Why do intelligent and financially stable people not want kids?
How can I impress other people?
How easy is it to confuse simple awkwardness with a judgmental vibe?
Should I start drinking occasionally by changing my beliefs and the person that I am?
Do you consider yourself naive?
How would chickens (gallus gallus domesticus) behave when set free? Would they still be aggressive towards each other?
How do you deal with nosey people?
Which is worse, verbal or physical abuse?
Would you continue to turn the dial in the Milgram experiment? If so why?
How you fight bullying in schools?
How do social and personality psychology differ?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
What was the most shocking incident you have seen in the airport?
Do you think being introvert is bad?
If gender is a social construct, is it a harmful or beneficial one?
What makes someone weird?
Are 'passive/aggressive behaviors' done unconsciously?
Do girls hate introverts?
What do people often get wrong about social interactions?
What are the levels of social status?
What is your favourite personality typing system? And how do you use it?
What are some lesser known/ understood psychological facts?
Could anyone provide a list of examples of escapism?
Who benefits from groupthink?
What has turned nudity into a taboo?
What was the last lie you told, and why did you decide to lie?
What can be said of a person who yells and screams at you and then acts like he did nothing wrong within a few hours?
Can people who completed their BA with a major in sociology become counsellors if they get a master’s degree in counselling?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
Don't Americans in general care very much about what others might think of them?
Why would my aunt want to speak to every single person in my family to tell them that my cousin has bought a car?
If you are allowed to watch 1 movie in your entire life what movie would you watch?
On a class trip, at night I am scared that one of my classmates will steal from me or hurt me during my sleep. What can I do?
Under what circumstances do emojis lead to better communication?
Is being an introvert the reason why social interaction does not seem natural for me?
Why are good people considered fools in this evil world?
What are the subjects where the bandwagon effect doesn’t work or have an effect?
Why do people care so much about the emancipation proclamation?
How can a girl know if a person is a bad person?
Why did my wife’s biological mother warn me about a possible fight between the father of my wife’s 5-year-old son from a previous relationship and myself?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
What is the difference between being social as opposed to being intelligent?
What do you do as a living and how did you get where you are today?
What makes someone a twinky?
Why is it that when one has an abnormal IQ, their social and psychological behavior is irregular?
What is the self-social psychology?
Do you think that people can be put on a spectrum going from absolute good to pure evil? Why?
What pain are you willing to endure?
What do you do when your wristwatch gets broken?
Why do people sterotype and make fun of intelligence, yet then use intelligent people to their advantage?
What must be the reason that I don't get approached?
How can I start to sense and understand people's perception of me?
Do girls feel excited when they see a guy’s exposed underwear? Why do guys feel excited when they see a girl’s exposed panties?
Why do I become irritated after a day of social interaction?
Why are white women considered to be the most attractive?
Why is it so hard to tell someone they are doing something that hurts your feelings?
My good friend was pronounced dead today and my immediate reaction was a laugh. What does this suggest?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What makes people indifferent to society and how it can be cured?
How can I respect conservatives when they go against everything I believe is right? I believe in socialism. I'm pro cannabis, pro LGBT, and pro choice.
In an education test I have to answer a pedagogical situation in philosophical, sociological and psychological aspects. How do I choose what to study?
Is Stirner basically saying that I shouldn't care for any other people at all?
Why do men feel shame about being wrong? How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed?
What have you taken the full blame for when others were just as culpable so as to make a problematic thing go away sooner or not appear as bad?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
How can I change my facial expressions?
Do campus placement people care about grades?
Is it exhausting to have haters?
My colleague abused me and told me that I have no work morals. How should I deal with us?
How do you deal with being behind your peers after many years working?
What makes someone engaging to you? What makes you want to get to know someone?
Why does it seem like life is getting harder in every man made institutionalized system in the west?
What are some unspoken rules teens follow?
Is it good having social awkwardness?
Does doing Engineering in India mean following the herd? (Read the description.)
Apart from Islam, why do women cover their heads in some cultures?
Could automatic behavior be associated with certain social interactions?
Did human society make females overly care about their looks and not care about judgements?
Which countries in the world have the highest levels of social mobility?
What is lack of conformity?
What makes someone an overachiever?
What are some differences between social psychology and evolutionary psychology?
Is selfishness self-made or inflicted upon one by others?
Why do people even care about the sexuality of other people, and sometimes violently object to it?
Is passive-aggressive behavior a trait of covert narcissism?
How can I endure a lot of pressure and stress from work and life?
Does my boss really value my work?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and courteous behaviour?
How do I research people’s behavior for psychology?
Is social climbing a good thing or a bad thing?
How could one break out of their bubble of being shy and caring so much of what others think?
What makes a person spend their money?
How can I eradicate myself from this world?
Should I tell the theater teacher about how much they negatively affected my life, for closure?
Do you sometimes avoid going out with a stepchild of yours because you don't want to become associated with the child due to the childs misbehavior?
Why can't we treat both genders the same?
Do I need to seek psychological or medical help or am I overreacting? If I do need help, how can I cure myself?
Is vulnerability to be honored?
What are people's views on moral relativism? Is there no standard, overreaching good?
Why do people judge others who are often alone?
How much do you care about self-fulfillment instead of supporting other people besides yourself?
Is it possible to go through life without anyone knowing if you're a boy or girl, man or woman?
How can I be a supportive friend in conversation?
Is giving random applause to bad drivers considered passive aggressive?
What are the differences between editions of the Social Animal by Eliot Aronson?
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
Why do we never cherish the things we do have in our life and always spoil them by going for things that we dont have?
Why are there questions "disadvantage of educating women" on Quora & many articles on internet about “advantages & disadvantages of educating women”?
What does forever alone mean?
Can somebody invent something that will keep me from accidentally texting my ex?
Are there social rules that should be amended?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
Why are people with personality disorders usually considered as human monsters, rather than individuals in need of psychological help?
What do I do with a passive-aggressive wife?
What have you learnt about life, people or business that you can classify as 'undeniable truths'?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
Do straight men watch (or at least curious to watch) gay porn?
What are the levels of approach from human relationships, speaking of psychological factors and sociological interactions?
How does one be in the present and be prepared for the future at the same time?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differentiate?
Why do I have such poor verbal/communication skills? Is there a way to improve them?
Why is it hard to use proper English like others?
What is social loafing and how can it be avoided?
Can adoption cause introversion?
If you could take your pick on how to kill your most hated enemy, how would you do it? (provide context as needed)
Why do people fight you when you are providing evidence to show where they are thinking about something incorrectly?
How might a person stop feeling sorry for innocent victims?
How can I pretend that I care about other people?
What is inter-purpose conflict? How is it different from inter-intention conflict?
How do I learn to care about other people?
Why don't people understand that homosexual attraction to other men doesn't necessarily make a man less manly?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Why would a guy ask a girl to go to yoga with him?
Do you feel horny today?
How do I stop hating boys?
What are the first five things that come to your mind when you think about the following - terror, faith, culture, history and power?
Why do people care so much about appearance and status?
Can you recommend literature about shame as a core emotion?
What are some basic human traits and their positive and negative attributes?
Why do I get affected by things which never affected me in the past?
Do muslims living in the West have a tendency to machismo?
What happens if a robber tries to rob someone who doesn't have any money to give, because he's broke or bankrupt?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
Do you believe, in this culture of "whoever cares the least wins," you should be brave enough to be the person who gives a damn?
How can I get a girlfriend in England if I'm socially awkward?
How can you tell if a girl is insecure about herself around a certain person?
Does a handshake tell alot about a person?
Why don't people in Kerala care about water use?
Is knee and feet pointing really a sign of attraction, even when those people aren't talking to each other?
Should I have shouted at my dad for being too slow?
If you accuse someone and he or she reacts with a surprised smile, does that mean you are right?
Do you think a certain glowering malevolence is not avoided or seen as a low standard in principle but distributed by subjective sympathies?
Do you ever feel like you know for sure the emotionally unavailable man cares about you?
Why do people look down on me? I feel like leaving this world.
How should I deal with people assuming that I'm "white" and treating me according to their ignorance?
What are the simple ways not to allow others negatives vibes to affect you?
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
When a person feels proud of something does this automatically mean they feel superior?
Why is being smart, informed and educated seen as uncool in America Pop Culture and Hollywood?
Can we wear pink formal shirts in America?
Do Americans still baptize their children?
How does a pecking order contribute to social behavior?
Can someone make my number restricted?
How do I forgive myself for attacking my younger brother?
My friend had sex with her boyfriend, but had to be persuaded into it. Is this rape?
Why do we like some people more than others?
When and why was the carrying family name cultural tradition passing from father to son established?
What is it that makes my schoolmates so superficial? Many times all they talk about are material possessions or stuff related to "social status."
How would you deal with someone using a communication misunderstanding to spread a rumor that you are mentally ill?
How can I get rid of this limiting belief about myself: ''who do you think you are''?
Is it being self-centered or selfish if someone gets upset that I did not give them a ride in my car?
Why do I feel the need to protect others from injustice?
Why do I fail at fighting social awkwardness?
Why do poetic or emotional answers get more upvotes than the logical ones?
Why are the fans of every sport in Europe more fanatical than the ones in the USA are?
What is the relevance of social psychology?
Is it possible to use debate as a form of flirting?
What is the psychological profile of a bully?
How do I get less attached to my family and friends and move on with my life?
Do you think what other people care about and do not care about actually matters as if it's important?
How can you help a 9 yr old boy who is violent and socially awkward?
Is ignoring ignorant or rude comments on social media really always the best policy?
How can I stop being a conversation killer?
When a woman passes by while in public, which part of her body will be observed first?
Why do people care so much about productivity in their daily lives?
How can you tackle anti-social behaviour?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
What do other Himachali people think about other Chaudhary and Ghirth people? Do they have a good social status?
Is it okay to feel betrayed by the people I cared about? Or should I think from their point of view too? More in my comment.
What is the science behind successful social interactions?
How long should we care about society?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
What do you call someone that constantly changes his friends/companions?
How much of what straight men do and what they like are the result of social expectations?
Why do some people like to install uncomfort situations for an opponent in conversation?
Why do Indians care so much more about what other people think about themselves instead of getting to be proud of themselves?
Why is social acceptance important?
Why are mixed couples in which the male is White not criticized as severely as when the female is White?
I'm so ugly and lonely. What do I do?
How can I win all people's hearts without doing anything?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
Is it possible to hate someone you haven't properly met?
Would it be beneficial if, on a global scale, the illusion of separation was accepted and acknowledged?
How can I become arrogant & have lots of attitude that I stop caring about people who don't care about me or who actually don't deserve my attention?
Could you share intimacy with someone you dislike?
How can I humanize a car and make it more human like?
How can I free myself from resentment? How can I reprogram my mindest toward my field?
Why do some people enjoy bullying?
When and how was panic disorder first discovered?
What can we do to make people care about the environment on a scale that would actually lead to change?
What does it mean when a guy starts to seek your approval? What does it mean when he tries to get you to like what he likes?
What 7 questions would ask someone to gauge their suitability to be your personal assistant?
How can I understand how people perceive me?
What are the types of isolation?
Should I go for a more expensive transport service for peace of mind, or should I try to figure out the cheapest taxi service?
Would you rather be extremely well connected or wealthy? Why?
How does partisanship make us less smart?
After people found out more about me, I was shunned from society. What should I do?
Is extrovert more likely to success in running a business than introvert?
What does it tell you about a person if they have thousands of Quora Answers, but zero Quora Questions?
Is social dominance real?
How can I teach psychology to my peers?
Why are people being judged by their past?
A relative of mine has a power of attorney who cares more about saving money rather than getting him the medical care he needs. What do I do?
What psychology stuff should I know about women?
Why do some guys treat girls like they are young?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Why do I care so much about my class position?
How do I become a productive member of society?
What causes attraction? Can you help being attracted to someone? Or is it something that can't be helped? Are you attracted based on your upbringing?
What are the social dynamics in any local development projects?
Why do I get so embarrassed to clean my runny nose in public? Does everyone else feel the same?
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
What do you own that you care about more than you care about most people?
Do you feel that the "pun" in this video is because of the way she's dancing in public, what she's wearing, or a combination of both?
Are there any secure facilities in the UK to care for people with dementia who are dangerous to other patients?
Are we sharing our happiness or seeking approval?
Is it the kind of crowd a particular restaurant draws that determines if you get weird looks when you go there?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
What are some things you disagree on regarding Abraham Maslow's hierarchy of Needs?
What is a psychological hack?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why do I smile when I'm insecure? And how can I stop doing it?
Do people actually care about their loved ones?
What are characteristics of awkward people?
Under what conditions should people be unkind?
Why do some men go silent and disappear for a few days when they realize they are wrong?
What is the minimum conforming behavior we need for society to function?
My inferiority complex is becoming extremely harmful, how do I overcome it?
Why are so many humans against BIG changes, even when it is quite clear they will be beneficial to society?
As civilization continues to advance, what will be the next major changes to our views on cultural norms that change over time?
Why do bars not utilize a queue system?
When people in your country talk about "salary" or "how much you earn" in daily life, do they include the tax in the amount?
Why do most people respect jerks more than honest, decent people?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
Is there something wrong with me? Am I a high-functioning nut-job?
How do you deal with someone that purposefully accuses you of everything that goes wrong, even when they know that they caused the issue?
Do people outside of STEM careers care about doing interesting work at their job?
Why do I burn all the bridges between a person I used to know?
What does it mean when a guy deeply values your opinion, and wants you to be excited for him?
Do women think there's something wrong with you if you have no interest in dating?
How can a guy with absolutely no bartending/waiter experience get hired & quickly be great at the job? How can I consistently make great tips?
Why is the world full of shitty people?
Life is so simple. Why do people seem so confused? Why are they trying to find meaning, and even experiencing existential crisis?
Do I have some bits of autism?
Is it good to work in silence and not care about what people explicitly notice?
I can't forgive anyone who hurts my friends, even if I’m not friends with them anymore. What kind of person does that make me?
Is it customary to hold the door for others who are approaching?
What is a libtard?
What do you like most about other people?
Why do many people tend to judge a person by their past history and not by their present condition?
How can a girl with a high income be with a boy with a low income?
How can I enliven the atmosphere when FaceTime with the opposite sex?
Should I feel bad about being somewhat passive aggressive towards my brother?
Is there a reasonable limit to how far out of one's “echo chamber” one needs to reach?
How do you safely confront a bully?
How often are you in touch with someone you are friends with compared to someone you are interested in romantically?
Can sexual underperformance cause touchiness?
What is the best advice for sales?
Is it normal for an adult guy to hug a female friend every time he sees her?
How can I overcome the fear of being vulnerable?
Do Koreans have an inferiority complex?
Which MBTI personality type gains the most popularity on Quora?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
I hate all fields. What academic field is best for me?
How do I know I'm not wasting time when socializing?
What is the best book on maintaining a social life?
Why do we care so much about others?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
How do I get rid of smoking fetish?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
Do we humans treat inhumanity as a freedom?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
Are people who keep talking about how busy they are, really actually all that busy?
How do you develop passive-aggressive emotions?
Why is it more socially acceptable for an attractive woman to have high standards but not an unattractive woman?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt say that my wife and I are from different socio-economical classes?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
How can I deal with self-hatred, the wound of rejection, the feeling of Inadequacy, inferiority complex, and self-sabotage?
What type of men do women like?
Is it safe to assume that if more than 10% of women upvote a fellow woman's answer, the majority of women would agree with her, given the gender mismatch on Quora?
Why are people on stackoverflow so ridicules & offensive?
Can you have an entire conversation using GIFs and would that be considered a new language?
When did you stop seeking approval and validation from others?
Why do rapists rape? What drives a person to do such vile act?
Do passive aggressive narcissists ever own up to their failures?
What will happen if a woman finds a random phone number of a guy?
Why do the people I care about hurt me so much?
Is trying to replicate other people's social quirks healthy?
How would you make new friends at a new place/country?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Why are people told to study the arts when they don't know what they want in life?
What is the broad (minimum length) classifications of human psychology? And how they can be identifiable observing behavior?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
Why do people care about how other people run their lives?
Where, when and why did the custom begin of removing price tags before gifting merchandise?
How do I master intermittent reinforcement in order to control an individual?
Do robbers target luxury homes, average homes, or poor looking homes?
What kind of things a person with a high level of psychology knowledge is able to do on a daily basis?
Will human social interaction have any purpose in the distant future?
How can you tell if a guy is actually enjoying spending time with you or if he's just humoring you to be nice?
What do you do when your significant other is being passive-aggressive?
How can we overcome inferiority complex in front of ultra modern society?
I grew up in a dysfunctional family, which kind of made me insecure about my upbringing. How to be more confident?
With regard to dating and relationships, what early investments can couples make in their relationship to strengthen it against the inevitable setbacks?
Why don't people care about things that don't directly affect them?
Is it possible for a conversation to have more than 3-4 participants?
I'm not the kind of woman who falls for players yet he got me. How do I get past the feeling of shame?
What are the best tips to overcome my inferiority complex?
Why do many countries let a fourteen year old child, who is ineligible to vote, choose to give birth?
How can someone actually love themselves if they feel unloved and unwanted?
My mom is completely white and my dad is completely black but I look completely white. What do I put down when I am asked what race I am?
Is it ok that I don't have any self-respect at all? What should I do in this case?
How can I stop being socially awkward and build a network?
How do you answer the question "how are you?"?
How can I stop doing what I think other people would like me to do?
What is social interaction and what is the elements and types of social interaction?
How can I stop fearing any interaction with kids? How can I effectively communicate well with kids & teens without feeling/seeming creepy?
Why is it that no matter where I go in life, I still experience the same negative outcomes?
Why do people love to boast about stuff no one cares about?
How does an intern ask to be transferred to another team as he is currently not happy with the work he is doing?
Why do people care so much about typos?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
What do you do if you find out someone made fun of your appearance and your friends laughed with them behind your back?
To what extent do you care what others think?
What can be an explanation for an 80 years old man having girlfrends during his lifetime for at least 20 years younger?
What is so good and bad about Indian society or culture?
Can you get two masters in psychology and sociology?
Is it common for people to distance themselves from someone who is involved in something illegal/unethical?
How do you break the silence when you're alone with a friend? I'm socially awkward.
Have you ever met two people who seemed perfect for each other?
If we thank people too much then does it look bad?
Can a straight guy be jealous of a girl spending time with a gay guy?
How do I make a girl who hates me fall in love with me?
How do I deal with passive aggressive coworkers?
This girl confessed to emailing me under a fake name. Should I keep her confession private?
My son thinks buying him running shoes will make him faster. How do I explain that they won't without hurting his feelings?
Why do people accelerate towards red lights? They don't get to their destination any faster by doing so.
How can technology help improve social climate in schools?
How can I develop a passion for learning deeply and for a longer time?
What are some examples of social factors in psychology?
Why do I get a profound satisfaction when I overpower a group on my own? (in anything) The lesser the effort, and the bigger the group, the better.
Does being a polyglot make you more of an intellectual?
Why are self-righteous people so annoying?
On the internet, every person is caring, sensitive, etc. If almost everyone on the internet is such an angel, where are those angels in the real world?
How is life to live with an introvert? Myself being an introvert.
Are there any conclusive experiments to prove that criminal behaviour arises only due to social conditions?
Why are prostitutes looked down upon?
Why do some people push others away when they are ill?
What is social disintegration?
How are some people more likable than others in a social environment?
What makes certain genes dominant?
If men are aroused by sexy dress, are women ready to help them from getting distracted by wearing nice ones ?
How do I not feel bad about quitting my job that I just started working for?
Do you believe, in this culture of whoever cares the least wins, that you should be brave enough to be the only person who gives a damn?
How can you start not caring about other people's social life?
When I tell someone my new invention, somehow I'm much less motivated to make it after the telling. Is there a psychological term or study for this?
Why does my wife get mad at me when we’re laying in bed and I get an erection when watching a TV show with a sexy woman in it?
What is sexual corruption?
How do I pee in the presence of others?
How can I stop being intimidated by everybody?
If you want to set up a social group how would you find people?
How can you tell if a man is emotionally attached to you or if he just thinks you're pretty and enjoys your attention?
How can we improve persuasion and convincing skills?
Everyone likes psychology. How do you know if it's a suitable career and more than just a natural curiosity?
How can I tell where other people's perceptions start and my reality begins, e.g. if multiple viewpoints/opinions from other (random) people match up?
What are the best examples of the psychology of responsibility versus freedom?
What psychological theory can be used to study social enterprises?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
Sometimes I really hate being boyish, and sometimes I really hate being girly. Which do I choose?
Is social or religious fraud against the law?
How can you make the difference and make an Instagram girl with thousands of followers to reply your message and ultimately get to know you?
What do you do while people applaud you?
Is it possible to not have any hater?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
I'm socially awkward and when I'm high I realise how bad it is. I feel like I need serious help. What do I do?
Why do so many people seem to not like or care at all about wolves?
What are some examples of a confident body language?
Do you think that most of the evil TV/movie characters are geminis or scorpios?
What do you think about this belief: people's self-worth is high or low based on their social class?
I care more about my friends than school. Is this bad?
How would you deal with passive aggressive and "two faced" co-workers in a professional work environment?
Do survivors of traumatic stress feel more or less empathy for other survivors than they would as a non-victim?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
How long does it take for a culture that has been enslaved, oppressed, or suppressed to heal?
What makes you like someone?
How can I stop my sister from sticking her nose into my and my wife’s personal lives?
Do people care if I write about them on composition books?
Why is calling dog to someone considered abuse but calling lion to someone is not?
In what language would a hypnotized bilingual/multilingual person speak?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
My parents deny the emotional instability my brother is causing me, what can I do?
Is there anything specific I could say or do to win any argument?
Why might be a reason that I don't understand and/or care about gender?
What can an adult child of narcissistic parents do to recover and lead a healthy life?
Is it a good thing to give money to my irresponsible sister every time she claims she's in need?
Why do people care so much about how much money other people make?
Why do so many people care more about actors & directors than the characters or movies themselves?
How do I start standing up for myself and not care about what others think?
What is the most useful question to ask someone in a different profession?
Why do people care for their names?
Why do people care too much about IQ, is it because that measurement can raise their self-esteem up?
How can you tell if a guy is using sexual innuendos because he sees you as a "bro" or if he's trying to gauge your interest in having sex with him?
What would be the best advice for someone who is being bullied in high school - fight back, ignore them, or tell the teachers?
Is it possible for a man and a woman who are attracted to each other to be just friends?
How can there be many genders if gender is a social construct?
What the hell is going on with me?
I want to move, but I'm sadly torn between leaving family for great weather. What to do?
Do creative artists get too much credit and the inherited tools they use too little credit?
What do confident people understand that shy people don't get about people, conversations, and social interaction?
How do I win over a person who has done psychology?
How can I control the seven billion people in the world especially rich and powerfull people?
How do I keep a sequence of day-to-day events or example sequences of movies in mind?
According to social psychology, does human nature change?
What are the specific reasons for people's disgust with female body hair?
What makes watching TV shows like Frasier give you emotional comfort from painful loneliness?
Why do introvert people ignore text messages from people they care about sometimes?
Are people with similar “world views” drawn to each other?
Psychologically, what makes someone prone to invitations, supporting others, and paying for their sandwiches, Coke, and candies?
How do I drive it into my subconscious that I am the real value, & I should love & prioritize my own interests regardless of how broke or lost I am?
What tactics/techniques can I use to ACCELERATE the pace of my self-improvement and understanding?
What characteristics makes someone bullyproof?
What makes someone a household name?
Why do people not care about NASA?
When will Quora most likely throw exhibition gatherings of members/Top Writers?
Why does it make me sad when I find out actors who play fictional characters differ from their roles?
Do we always owe obedience to our parents even if they treat us bad in that moment?
What makes someone a layperson?
Why do people act fake and want to follow the herd? If older people are experienced, why do they want us to follow the herd?
Who did the experiment that showed that people who able to change their mind about a painting were less satisfied than the people who were able to?
Which is scoring: psychology or sociology?
How would a nationalist extremist group who idolized their nation's head of state responds if said leader denounced them?
How can I stop being jealous to people, who had luck?
What is the psychological explanation of people who live their lives in a constant state of competition?
Do feelings exist or are they just facial expressions?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
Why is sex a big taboo in front of Indian parents?
Have you or known anyone who acted like a completely different person when they’re angry?
Why do I always care about others' views of me?
When I hang out with one of my male friends, he frequently sits with his right hand crossed to his left upper thigh. Is that how men hide erections?
How do we end racism and racial bias in the Western World?
Why do people feel so desperate to say that they love their families before dying?
How can we make people fully grasp that truth, JUSTICE and CARING for others are more important than personal interests and gains?
What makes a character cool and lovable?
Do you believe that no matter their social status, everyone is born with the same opportunities?
How can I stop letting what other people say about me bring me down?
Am I the only one who experiences more sexism from other women than just guys?
Should I date a girl who I'm not attracted to, just because the girls that I'm attracted to aren't attracted to me, so I'm not alone forever?
Why are Indians so obsessed with astrology?
Why do people care about criminals?
Why is no one ever able to relate to or understand me at all, while I find it easy to do so with most people?
I have this fear that no one will measure up to my ex. How unrealistic is this fear?
What does the practice of fagging in England say about English culture?
What's worse? People being completely indifferent to you or people hating you for your opinions?
Are people unable of sound, good argument able to essentially attack others for suspicion of the same weasely techniques and get others on their side?
Why is Urie Bronfenbrenner's ecological theory considered psychological and not sociological?
For a research paper I want to write about music. However, I also need to write about a solution to a global issue. How do I even approach this?
Why do beautiful girls make me feel inadequate?
Is there a psychological explanation as to why some people find mixed-blooded individuals highly attractive?
Do females find males disgusting?
What is the biological reason of the shyness?
What's the psychology behind 'Jonestown'?
What is a healthy balance between intellectualism, objectivism vs. emotional intelligence, socialising, expressing emotions?
How can I become a more quiet and calm person?
What should you prefer? Loneliness or trying to run after people who don't seem to care about you?
Why does the left not seem to care about people who shame atheists, short people, virgins, people with low IQs, and other groups?
Why is it illegal to abandon an animal, such as a dog or a horse, but not a human being?
What is the psychological cause behind daydreaming?
How can I become a Nunchi?
How can I build up a social life? I work 7/7 and I am studying to become a pilot one day.
How do I stop being so socially awkward and win love?
What are the indications that a person is jealous of your intelligence?
How would society behave if sex weren’t a taboo?
Why do people care about “family” and “friends”?
Do people care about originality anymore?
Psychologically speaking, why are fantasies and day dreams healthy within societies?
Why do we obsess over and idolise public figures and celebrities who will never actually care about who we are?
What are the psychological and emotional effects of undersocialization during adolescence (13-19 years old)?
Are most of the Americans extroverts?
What are the positive effects of being against bullying?
What are the pitfalls of using GIFs?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
What is something that needs to be said?
Why do some people have an inferiority complex but they are very good at it?
What are your predictions for 2017 regarding the global social scene?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
How can I look powerful?
I literally spend my day thinking about other people's lives and how happy they are. Should I keep thinking this way?
Isn’t confidence also the act of not caring what other people think or say about you and just doing what you want?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
Do guys find girls that are smart attractive?
How does one respond when people seem to project their inferiority complex on you?
Is the fear of being rejected nature or nurture?
How can I respect my father as my employer?
How can multiculturalism strengthen a homogeneous society?
Are boys and girls both in a collage or school want to talk to each other but eel shy to do so?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
How do I control the bad words I speak when I’m angry?
Why do people judge other people’s age?
Leadership: Under which circumstances should you take responsibility for others' actions?
Are you socially awkward? Why?
Is a society only a social construct- how much of our behaviour is programmed by material necessity? Drives- how reflexive are they?
I’ve been referred to as "pussy" a few times. What does that mean?
Is it wrong for me to just want some results instead of excuses?
Is having an inferiority complex inferior to not having one?
How do you measure social status?
What disorder includes someone who must be right and is too honest, hyperfocused, high-energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, logical, and insistent on perfection?
Why do people only care about sex?
Why do people often claim that people from other nations are crazy drivers?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
Why could I have such a bad tendency to be clingy?
How can I eliminate my sensitivity?
What is over-feminism?
What psychological issues are there when a person feels great fear that his parents will divorce?
"Every relationship has a limit. When that limit is reached it becomes fake." Is that true?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
Why do I tend to avoid interacting with people as I become increasingly familiar with them?
How do I convince my friend who is a philanderer (not in a sexual way) from proposing to a simple girl?
Why are evil people so healthy while good people suffer from chronic diseases?
What would make a woman repeatedly fall for men she can't realistically be with?
I'm only 13 but honestly, what's the point of living?
How would you describe a complainer?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Why do some children show more gender typical behaviour than others?
I'm 20 and I don't have any hobbies, when did you discover yours?
How can I ask multiple questions in one conversation?
What kinds of personality issues are at hand when someone says "I knew it was going to blow up in my face"?
Is a person who wins formal debates and speeches, but doesn't like attending parties and informal conversations an introvert or Extrovert?
I want to quit my job and start a business to help under privileged people. Is it stupid?
Why is my brain not motivated by hedonistic things like a normal human?
What causes someone to develop the savior syndrome?
How do you make someone have a crush on you?
Which labels about other people do you find useful and which ones do you try to see beyond?
In which fields is social psychology used, and how?
What do you do if you are mad?
Due to a number of commitments, my social circle shrunk. I am now looking to expand it again. How do I do this?
What qualities do rich women look for in men?
Are "invisible friends" as unique to the US as koro to Japan, thus being culture-specific syndrome?
What are some tips on running a successful Meetup group?
Is it true that someone you find attractive might not necessarily be attractive to someone else?
Can stigma be life threatening medically and psychologically?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
How do you convince extroverts that you're an introvert and need time alone without being judged harshly?
I need help. I'm losing myself. I can't open up to anyone. I've completely withdrawn myself from the world. What's going on?
Why are we called social beings?
Why do people like me more when I don't care?
What could you gather from a guy that watches Teen Wolf, The Originals and Riverdale? Isn't it a bit odd?
Does an increased level of aggregate compassion among a population lead to decline in productivity? Is there a social/economic theory linked to this?
Are sly digs a form of passive aggressiveness?
How old is your youngest and your oldest friend you regularly talk to?
Why is it rude to wear a hat indoors?
What are the three most important things that most Americans don't understand about how the rest of the world views us?
How can I stop being a needy person?
Why don't strangers smile, say "hello," and acknowledge each other anymore?
Can you suggest a social norm that I can break?
How do you stay happy as you withdraw from people?
What specific type of mental disorder is it when someone always feels sorry for himself/herself?
Why do I instinctively feel hostile toward obese people?
How can I get to terms with the fact that attractive people get to experience sexuality and attraction much more lustful and exciting than ugly ones?
How do I stop inferiority complex of being a slow learner and absorber and just start to live in a highly competitive society?
Why do so many friends I see have egos?
Why do we keep lingering on the people who don’t even care about us?
Which one is better, bullying people of different country or religion or bullying your own people?
Your group receives a message asking for help for an ill person. Should you tell the others that the person will not survive?
What is the psychological or sociological dynamic behind the apparent tendency of British people to not express their feelings?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
Should I say the truth when someone asks about my sister?
What can I do if some one keep harassing me over phone using multiple numbers?
What questions can drive a conversation towards a specific goal? What goal and why does this work?
I am an introvert who is in its early 20's(boy) and seems that life is boring and how I can change into an extrovert?
How do I fit in?
Should you 'just be yourself' if you are a bad person? Or should you change to suit others?
Does the increased presence of digital monopolies (Amazon, Facebook, Google, etc) increase herd-based thinking?
Why do some people like to reject opinions of others?
What does it mean when a guy sends you a photo of his outfit or new haircut?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
How do you deal with a friend with passive-aggressive behaviour?
What determines the age of sexual consent? What's the most logical method? Some countries have outrageously insane low ages such as Nigeria (11 years old).
What are some good examples of social concepts in psychology?
Do you fight back when you know you will lose a fight against someone?
What do you do when a lot of people are taking pictures of you for some reason you aren't aware of and it happens almost everyday? (around school)
What is the reason that people often give verdicts on others’ afterlife?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
What is the likely outcome of the currently generalised 'white privilege' racism?
If you said thank you to someone over the phone who'd just answered your question and they simply hung up, would you be offended?
How can a socially awkward and un-confident person stand up for himself at work?
Why do you care about wisdom?
Could you get access to closed places and events if you just play very confident and important?
What do I do if a girl shows interest in the club/dancing?
Other than a past lover, who has betrayed your trust the most?
What draws people to xenonationalism?
Someone I know collapsed and is unconscious, before this I disliked her, is that why I have no empathy for her?
Why do people always have opinions about other’s life?
Is making fun of somebody worse than hurting them physically?
I am society's non-productive and malignant vagrant with no sense of integral direction, what good steps did you take when you used to be like me?
Where I can find a database of last words writing by people committed suicide?
If Willy Wonka had a wife, would she be more likely to be an Oompa Loompa, a Vermicious Knid, Frau Gloop or Miss Spider from James and the Giant Peach?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why do people try to eat peppers that are at least 1 million Scovilles?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
Is it possible for someone who has social phobia to also display sociopathic tendencies?
How can the need for CEO’s or owners to own something vs to rent it (IT infrastructure) be described or explained in psychological terms?
Why do the people that care about me call me a good person when I know I am not?
Why should we invest our time and energy for friendships?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do scientists explain that some people don't care about reading spoilers on the Internet?
Why do I always care about other people’s views of myself?
Do people that use Quora have difficulty expressing themselves in person?
What makes us argue so heatedly over things we know little about?
Should we care what other people think about us?
What are the psychological side effects of working hard and social isolation?
Why is it bad to eavesdrop when you can realise the true intentions of the person and their true character?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
What are the effects of negative and positive peer pressure?
Do people care about your achievements?
How can I control all the people in the world?
What do libertarians think of Sebastian Junger's book, Tribe, and its promotion of communitarian values and skepticism about Western individualism?
If I find relief in hating people, should I keep doing it or do something about it?
How can I not care about what others think about me, when I have to coexist with those people on a daily basis?
How can you effectively deal with a passive aggressive person?
Are emotions and IQ inversely proportional to each other?
How can I stop avoiding care from women at 22 years old?
How does a woman's view of a man differ, before and after sex with him?
Is it normal to not care about other people's feelings?
What do you consider good progress in society ?
Why can’t I live without being addicted to something?
Is rebooting a cable modem a sort of homeopathy for lost internet connections?
How do you stay fresh in a world where taste and priorities are always changing?
Why do I have such a hate and fear for people/strangers?
How do you advertise something for somebody to check out?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
Can you be socially competent despite no social interaction in real life?
Why do I find videos of public marriage proposals cringeworthy? (To the extent that I can't even finish watching the video)
What does your branch of Buddhism believe of homosexuality?
What makes someone engaging?
In a future of sharing and "eco-awareness", how will rich people display their wealth?
What are good examples of unique customs that highlight universal truths of social behavior?
Why is being passive aggressive seen as negative, bad and fake?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Is it hard to fit in certain gay social groups?
I love a girl but don’t have the courage to tell her. How can I get over my emotions and forget her?
Is it normal for people that know me to not greet me?
Is vlogging in public an example of breaking a social norm?
It seems people on Instagram have a good life. For example, traveling, enjoying good food, wearing good clothes, etc. Are they real or fake?
Are there any good boys or co-ed schools in Darjeeling and Siliguri that provide sociology and psychology for humanities?
Is it possible to completely understand how people feel in specific situations without being able to relate to them?
How do I get over my ex boyfriend's new relationship?
What kind of things should you avoid revealing about yourself to people?
Why do people not care about taking care of our environment for future generations?
Which is the greater evil, bigotry or terrorism?
Why do some Quorans answer as if they are the perfect human beings with all the values? Are they being true to themselves when they do that?
Why did my father tell me to go find a locksmith during my 1-year-old son’s 1st birthday party and in consequence miss out on singing happy bday?
Why do only married women are supposed to have identifying symbols and not married men?
What are some of the situations where people used reverse psychology to their aid?
What is true authenticity? Is it sane to be truly authentic? At what point does authenticity become too much for happiness?
How do you characterize negative and positive peer pressure?
Is not caring about what others think or feel a good thing?
What are best place for introvert?
Why do people react violently when a person doesn't follow the social norms?
Is bullying beneficial?
On which theory(IES) is the nordic (or Swedish, or Scandinavian) welfare model based?
Should I be upfront and tell the woman I used to date that it is OK for her to bring up her kid's dad in our conversations?
Seen from the point of view of the spiritually awakened, what is the Matrix?
Why do people think they are just an introvert or just an extrovert? Aren't people in many ways both?
What am I frustrated and angry at?
What do social psychologists do and what is the scope of social psychology in India and other countries abroad?
Why do humans want to dominate their fellow beings?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
Why do some people find high social status attractive?
Why is it cool to know things, but not cool to learn them?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
What is the likelihood that a guy would ask a girl to go with him to his yoga class just because he loves yoga?
What is the best way to charm a person who is being passive aggressive?
Do people pretend not to care when they actually do?
A colleague kept belittling me in meetings. He gets angry when I give a different opinion & start shouting in front of everyone. Is this normal?
Do you think acronyms in texts come across as passive aggressive?
Why do people swear at politicians in public meetings?
How can I improve in my interactions with children?
Why do people care about their partner's sexual history?
How do you categorize the relationship with a man who does one thing and says another?
What can I do when Scientologists continue to try persuade me that I should go bridge?
How do I break up with my parent?
What are some of the best anecdotes that you have used to help your clients during therapy?
Recently I've been opposed to even the slightest touch of human contact (even by my close friends) and I'm kind of worried for myself. What should I do?
How do I cope with school when all students choose their friends based on others’ status (rich, naughty, poor, nerd)?
When you meet someone that appears young and wealthy, do you typically assume it's mommy and daddy's money?
Do you recognize the cheapness or are you critical of many types of group dynamics?
Why do fans make us feel cool?
Why do some people love everything related with knowledge and other people really don't care?
How do I learn social Dynamics?
What would I call being scared of a lot of things?
Some people say that leaving someone in solitary is the worst form of torture, but would it be so bad for someone who enjoys being alone?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
Where does the complex of inferiority come from?
What is a critical assessment of Mead's theory of Mind, Self and Society?
What are the early signs that say you're in the wrong environment?
When a man touches a girls toes, is it a little version of intimacy?
Is the dislike of small talk a sign of high intelligence?
Why do some guys fall in love with their female best friend while others don't?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
What is fairness entitlement syndrome?
As a parent, how can I cultivate the self-esteem of my children?
What would be one book to recommend to someone who loves social psychology, anthropology and sociology?
What type of person I am?
What is the most suitable punishment for someone who fools with the hearts of others?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why am I always so awkwardly silent, even with my friends? People always call me boring.
How can I overcome shyness, low self-confidence and low self-esteem all at once?
Did you ever meet anyone nice at a 99 cents pizza place?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
Do most societies view introversion as inferior or as a weakness? Why or why not?
Is it okay to depend on other people’s thinking, decisions, and desires?
Does communism erode social cohesion?
What's the easiest way to flash a social smile in the workplace when you don't find something funny?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
What is the most universal sign of good will?
Why does my wife refuse to sign a receipt for the money that I provide her monthly?
Why do movies show psychopaths as dangerous and serial killers?
Why do people want to be liked?
Do young people care about preserving cultural identity as much as older people?
Have you ever cut in lines?
Why do people not care what others think about them?
Why do humans need social interaction?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
How do I get rid of my shyness and social anxiety in one year?
What is it like to move to a new country on the opposite side of the world with your family as a child?
I dated a woman at work for a few months, and then she reunited with her kid's father. How do I stop torturing myself and end my feelings for her?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
What are some open questions to ask somebody to have something to say in a conversation?
What should I do if people don't respect me and exploit me?
Why would someone play the victim if they're the ones attacking and insulting you while you literally remain patient and ignore them the majority of the time?
Why do people say they love you but don't want to share their money?
What startup ideas do people simply not care about?
Guys, would you ever take your platonic female friend on the back of your motorcycle with you?
What is the moral consequence of not helping family member in need?
Do people care about humanities research or do they think it's a waste of time?
Why was I confident as a child, but not now as a teenager?
Can someone be perfect?
What is the best way to get someone to do a favor for you?
What are some jobs for socially awkward people?
What is the work of an organisational psychologist? What is the difference between organisational psychology and social psychology? Which one has more scope?
How can you tell if a guy has feelings for you, even though there is an underlying reason you can’t be together?
Why do I fall for a guy who seems to not care about me but sees to only care about sexual attention?
Does shared bitterness help relationships last?
Why do men tell you things to get you to worry about them?
What are some cooking knowledge and advice that isn't common?
What are the most effective ways of combating bigotry and prejudice?
Have you noticed that when people ask if they should give someone in their life another chance, the resounding answer is almost always no?
Is not following the herd mentality the new herd mentality nowadays?
Why can't I deal with other's (e.g. classmates) having a smartphone equal or superior to mine?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
Will I grow out of being socially awkward as a socially awkward teenager?
How can I kiss a random guy I'm interested in while at a large gay dance party?
Is it wrong to be apathetic? Logically, what makes you not apathetic?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
What is the trend behind a blind selfie?
To what extent can organizations be said to operate as a single entity and not a set of separate individuals with different aims?
How does a highly sensitive person get over caring so much about how others perceive or think about them?
Why does everyone want to be the one who changes the world?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Why is everyone in my family so uncomfortable with any form of expressing emotions?
Why do some people refer to Europeans/European-Americans as just being "white," but describe others by their individual ethnicity?
Is it normal to feel very uncomfortable when you are at a party where you don't know anyone?
What do you think glasses say about the person wearing them?
Is it bad to pretend you're someone else?
Do things come to us when we extensively dream about them/ wish for them or when we dont seek them?
How do I gain social status?
Do people who are self-obsessed really care about others?
What is the difference between being a very passive aggressive person and having a passive aggressive personality disorder?
What if people actually said what they felt about others?
Is it normal to not participate in certain social situations and not like most people?
Why would a father pick on his daughter’s looks so relentlessly?
What does it mean when a guy is frequently pushing things into your lap, throwing things at you, or messes with stuff you're using? Why do guys do it?
How can (or can't) you trust the Church when it asks believers to blindly trust its judgement more than their own conscience/reason?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
Why would you not feel insignificant and not important as a human being if you have been abandoned by your mother when you were 6 years old?
It seems like my body doesn't allow skin-to-skin contact. Why?
Why is it important for you to express your feelings?
Is it possible for a cult to start online?
How do I stop caring about what others think as a teen?
How do I improve my relationship with everyone if I am an introvert? What measures and practices are taken by introverts to make a mark on other people?
How do I avoid people without appearing rude?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
If you don't crave sex, and you stay single forever, does it mean there is something wrong with you?
Does it mean a guy is into you if he clearly likes it when you worry about him?
Why do I cringe and feel awkward for people?
Why do people care about the smell at the gym?
Why do people cater to currency and their jobs more than to people who actually care about them and genuinely love them?
Is listening the best skill to have?
Why do I force myself to read my whole feed?
Why are people judged by their past?
Why do I care so much about life and people?
How important is it for someone to get married or to attach themselves to a significant other at some point in their life?
What do you think of fraternities/sororities?
Why some people are more social?
One guy is super smart but is an asshole. The other guy is dumb as a rock but nice as hell. Which one would you sit next to in class and befriend?
When should you help someone who does not want help?
How do you stop caring or getting sucked into it when your family is dysfunctional?
A worker at my hostel asked me for money because his child is very ill. He also told me not to tell anyone. Should I give him some money?
Where is the place where I can shout all my sorrows and cry so much?
Why do so many names begin with J?
Why does no one want to be friends with me?
Is crime good for society?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
Can abused children without families or support ever find peace and become functional on their own as adults?
How do I choose the right people who can work as a team and who care about the team/company, not people who care about their own success and desires?
Being an introvert, I know socializing isn't one of my strengths. How do introverts manage the cruelty of silence when running out of words in any conversation?
Why do people think I'm gorgeous?
What happens to those boys who live secluded life in college days?
Are people losing interest in reading and writing poems nowadays? Why?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Do people with exaggerated patriotism suffer mostly from superiority or inferiority complex?
What do you understand about society?
Why is looking in the eye so important and uncomfortable?
Why are people so fake these days? Why are they so self-centred? They'll call you best friend when in need and forget the very next moment!
How is an Oedipus complex experienced with same-sex parents?
I feel like a loser in the social world, what are some good social TV series to help me change?
How would people react if it were proven that anyone can be attracted to the same sex?
Why do people care about spoilers?
What does the double eyes emoji mean?
Do I have a psychological problem?
Why do people try to peep into others social accounts?
Is it possible for girls to like socially awkward guys?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
What are examples of famous speeches or lectures that compelling and successful but are actually logically incoherent or grammatically incorrect?
How do I live the best life possible?
From the age of 13 up, do some people truly change? I believe a person doesn't change unless they want to.
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How can I master body language reading and persuasion?
Is it wrong to be attracted to other people while you're in a relationship?
Why do people care about hypocrisy?
Do liberal arts students have easier and better social lives than science students?
At what hour of the day is it socially acceptable to have your first beer?
Why don't some people respect the time of others?
What would happen if you had no pulse?
How can I be liked by extremely introvert women?
Why do narcissists hurt the people who genuinely care so much about them?
You have a gun to your head. It's you or a complete stranger. That stranger is a child. What do you do?
What does it mean when the person you just met is already calling you nickname?
Why do people love to force their way of living or religion on others?
What is the society interaction?
Why do difficult people have to make things so complicated/burdensome? How do you deal with these types of people?
Why am I such a bitter, twisted old hag?
Assuming proof existed, could any "good" result from learning about average genetic differences in socially valued traits between human groups?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
Does opportunism and classism go hand in hand?
What is the classiest way a woman has relayed she wants to have sex with you?
What does it mean when a guy starts calling you a cute nickname to try to get you to smile when you're sad?
Does a guy ever think about how much trust a woman has in him? What situations make you think about how much she trusts you?
Why do I only care about people that I know are emotionally hurting?
Why does sharing a song you like with someone feel intimate?
Why do we care so much about other's teeth health state?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
What should you do if you are being bullied in your company?
Why do men get emotional when they receive a surprise gift from a female friend?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
Why is it that a passive aggressive individual are so quick to play the victim role?
How do psychopaths deal with Jehovah's Witnesses?
How do I approach a girl to talk to her/get to know her?
What political leanings would each of the MBTI types have?
How can I make hugs longer without it being awkward?
Where or from whom have you learned most about seduction?
Who actually cares about the Kashmiris?
I always feel nostalgic. How do I get rid of this soon?
Why do we worry about things that people don't care about?
How do I make friends with ants?
Can one, in a way, say psychologically manipulative people can't distinguish their impulses from reality?
What's the negative meaning of tit for tat?
Is there an area of study that focuses on the propagation, creation, and destruction of ideas in societies?
What makes someone selfish?
Is it impossible to live the life that I've always wanted?
My closest friend is constantly trying to put me down and insulting me because of jealousy. I can't just ignore or leave him. How can I deal with him?
Why is it that many times a person dislikes a song at first, but after repeated exposure, they begin to enjoy it?
How do you learn to love pressure?
What are the general principles to climb or destroy hierarchies? Are there any movie scene examples?
I told a Somali woman that her name sounded like it was ancient Egyptian and she gave me a stare like she got very offended. Did I do something wrong?
Why would a girl with whom you have never talked to or seen on a daily basis at a jogging park, change directions when seeing you?
What was your highest view count in one day, and how do you explain the reason that the subject of that most viral answer was so popular to so many?
Is it acceptable to judge people according to social groups?
When should you assert power over adapting to people's personalities?
Is love just an expression of physical and emotional human needs?
What things or traits or behaviours can be attributed as a person's own, and which ones can be considered as borrowed?
Why do people want to be associated with those in high social status even if it is not going to fetch them anything?
Why do people tend to ignore others' warnings?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
Why do people think I'm awkward?
What factors keeps the people united?
Have you ever witnessed a woman being derogatory towards another woman for wearing a red dress?
If people don't care about society, couldn't everyone in charge take over the world?
Why are so many Canadians passive aggressive?
Can constructive criticism cause more harm than good?
Why do psychopaths/sociopaths have to wear a 'mask' when they say that they don't care what people think about them?
As a manager, what is a good response when people say you have an easy job or joke about how you "do nothing all day"?
Are romantic relationships a syndrome of capitalism?
If "loading" someone were possible, how would someone do this?
You are handed a blank cheque and told to buy the thing you've always wanted no matter the cost. What do you buy?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
Is voice calling considered intrusive?
How effective is blackmail?
Is there a specific psychological reason Top Writers on Quora often start answers with "I love this question!"?
In a democratic system, does everyone's voice have the same weight?
What are you strangely thankful for?
What makes a person think horrible things about another?
Do you find "bad words" attractive?
Does this crowdfunding idea have a chance to be successful?
What does it mean when the man I dated for 4 months text me, "you have no idea how crazy you make me…"?
Should we care what strangers think about us?
Should I rent my own place or stay with family?
Is free will real in this world where every action of everyone is guided by some or the other constraint, (social, psychological or otherwise)?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
Why is drinking alcohol alone frowned upon?
What are some examples of social facilitation in psychology?
If you had to say something in general to/for Indian girls, what would it be?
Why do humans seek social acceptance?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
How can I stop overthinking that which has no concrete answer so I can worry about things I can change?
On which social networking platform do people care about others' profile the most?
Why do some Asians have inferiority complex and want to be white?
What should I do to get a girl out of my mind?
Was there a particular strategy behind why Trump repeated the keywords "Obama" and "wiretap" in a 27 minute continuous roll out of tweets?
Why are Indian people generally not reflective, introverted, individualistic, liberal, artistic, philosophical & respectful of others' private lives?
Has it ever happened that you were backbiting about someone and he was just sitting behind you?
Can you see an unresolved Oedipus complex in extreme left slanted handwriting?
What are some useful things to know about psychology?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Does anyone actually want, or like, to be a bad person?
What are some superheros that don't care what others think?
Why does everybody not think highly of me?
Why do people care about what Ali Alshamsi does, or how much money he makes, etc.?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
What make you as a person has a good self-esteem since you were a child?
How can I care more about people that care about me?
Why do conservatives seem less sensitive to criticism than liberals?
Which countries have a legal structure for cohabitation?
Is it ever Ok to blame yourself for being bullied?
Does Venmo have you add Facebook friends in order to ensure that you are making transactions with people who you know to avoid scams?
How do you know if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Socializing is difficult for me. I tend to not care about conversations. I also experience social anxiety. Am I an introvert or just socially awkward?
How about a day without technology every week?
Why do political parties usually care more about their survival than doing what’s best for society?
What are some things that only happen in (the state of) Georgia?
Why do people care about my acne?
Are there lots of people who are unadapted to living in modern complex societies?
Why do some people enjoy living vicariously through games like Sims, shows/movies, celebrities instead of living life & attempt to do what they like?
How do I determine if someone is trustworthy?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
How can I overcome inferiority complex and self-consciousness?
Is there a distinction between personality, individual differences, and group differences in experimental social psychology?
Do sociopaths care about what others think?
When a guy asks you about spending time with another guy, does it mean he's interested in you?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differ?
Is there any contention between self-esteem and jealousy? If you watch a lot of TV shows about rich people, will it manipulate your self-esteem?
What are the common elements between a family and a business?
Why do people only talk about black slavery and little about Ancient Romans enslaving whites, Muslims as slaves, etc.?
Why is Pinterest so popular among women but not men in 2017?
Do people care that I don't have that many friends?
What books do you recomend to start studying about psychology and sociology?
What are the most noticeable things that people living under oppressive regimes don't know they are missing?
How do you cope when you realize you need to stop caring for someone so much?
What single action (done by me) can improve our world?
How will the radical lack of privacy affect people and public life in the future?
When deciding how much to care about someone, how much do you factor in how many other people care about them (aka if not enough people care)?
What should I do so I don't care that much about other people's opinion?
How do I ask somebody to leave without being awkward?
What is it that stops us from becoming what we want?
People dislike me because of how poorly I speak. What can I even do to fix myself when no one will help me?
What are the elements of self in social psychology?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
My landlady is being extra nice to me and I don't know how to feel about that. Does she expect something in return?
With reference to the latest empirical studies, how do we explain the biochemical and psychological factors that influence interpersonal attraction?
From a psychology standpoint, do people really not care about facts?
Would you accept to have sex with Donald Trump for an entire hour in exchange of 50 million dollars?
At what age are people out of the smoking weed thing?
In what countries do people care the least about people in other countries?
Is it true that in the degree a person has more intelligence, there is less a need for socialization and vice versa?
Why does society think that introverts don’t have lives?
Is it really so bad that I have no friends, by choice?
Why are people in Zürich so arogant and less social?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
What would happen if private life were forbidden?
Has the sense of community declined in America?
If I don't eat and drink and exercise for two hours a day, will I be skinny in five months?
Can histrionic personality disorder be cured?
Could it be a sign of a lack of self-respect when a man double-barrels his surname with his wife's (e.g Smith-Weston)?
A few months ago my father passed away and I am 22 years old. I am the only income source but I have been unable to work since that day. What should I do?
Why does a 5 year old want adults to do stuff that he should by himself already and if that is not correct explain why?
Can social awkwardness be influenced by someone who socially awkward too?
What's the difference between descriptive and prescriptive stereotype?
What are the social benefits and detriments to trusting?
Why do people care about what other people wear?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
Does Deloitte care more about looks than qualifications?
Why do passive-aggressive people tend to aggravate me so much, and does that mean I'm a mean person?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
What behavior will make you feel that the other is well educated and well-bred?
Why do humans have a social conscience? Is there a natural instinct that drives us to care about others?
Why do some people consider actors to be pretentious? Why are their award shows called pretentious? Would you say these people judging are correct?
Why does it motivate some people when others make them feel down?
Why are there double standards here?
When men feel an emotional connection with a woman, do they usually want to be sexual with her too?
Philosophically, why should we care about the oppression of people by their governments and ideologies?
If I start to go on my treadmill five times a day as well as not eat and drink at all, will I be skeleton-like in three months?
Why especially in India it becomes mandatory (or convenient) to take a side? Why can't we give neutral opinion?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
What does it mean when you start to lose interest after the guy you like starts to show interest?
Why should people care about LGBTQ rights in other countries?
If people are such social beings, then why do introverts exist?
Can I enter a graduate clinical psychology or social work program without psychology or social work undergraduate credits?
Is passive aggressive behavior a major characteristic of covert narcissism?
How do I get strong body and personality for menial labour jobs?
Why would people confuse confidence with arrogance? Is it because they're insecure,so they try to bring you down to boost their self-esteem? What is it?
Why am I not able to forget my ex-girlfriend?
How would a man describe the feeling of being protective of a girl?
What is your advice to a 23-year-old man who wants to live his life after having been ignored by his mother since he was 6 years old?
Can someone be overeducated?
Why are there so many passive aggressive questions about Trump?
How can I get rid of the feeling "what others will think of me" and "what others think of me"?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
How can I respond to a passive aggressive person?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
How do I deal with a sociopathic bully?
What would you do if your manager tried to belittle you on your first day of work?
How can I go from the most socially awkward person at a very small school to a very forgettable unnoticeable one?
Is it weird that I find myself beautiful?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
Where can one master brainwashing that’s online and free?
What are some good, informative books on cliques and adolescent psychology?
How do I know if I'm a shy extrovert?
How can someone be an extrovert when they have found out that they are an introvert? Is it really necessary to be an extrovert in order to get married?
What does it feel like to think too much?
Is it true that average person use too many swear words in his mind while thinking?
How did the evolution of bipedalism in humans affect the social organisation of Early Man?
At what age have you stopped caring about what others think of you?
I have social anxiety. I'm terrified of facing my fears (people) and being in public alone. How can I muster the courage to face my fears?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
What questions might you ask if you are concerned that a client might be in a crisis situation and at risk of committing suicide?
How do a boy and a girl hook up?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
Why do guys send girls photos of things? Is he trying to impress me?
Is it hard to make money and take money out of the pockets of others?
Why does it feel like the Quora readers are my family and it feels right and good to express myself with them more than my actual family?
What should everyone know about the psychology and sociology of fandom?
How does one resolve the conflict between being oneself and being what others want one to be?
How can you tell the difference between platonic touch and intimate touch?
How can big law associates work 90+ hours a week if there is a limit to will power?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
How can one stop being desperate for love and stop being hopeless about happiness?
When I see a bug in my apartment I feel a predatory instinct to kill it. What are some theories as to why this is the case? Is the reaction universal?
What makes you nervous?
"Do what you are passionate about" - isn't that just selfish and arrogant advice that keeps you from the good opportunities that are out there?
Are people kind?
Were you socially awkward? If so, how do you cope with it?
How can I start letting myself have real relationships with people again?
Do you care about other people?
Why do we stress when other people are stressed?
I’m embarrassed at school after a boy caught me hugging and kissing a woman painted on the wall. What should I do to restore my reputation?
How do I overcome feelings of inferiority around women due to lack of dating experience?
How can I stop being nervous, worried, and afraid in front of women?
Why do people take advantage of a Quiet Person?
Why do sometimes persons satisfy society first as in their life goals and then try to satisfy their own personal life goals?
Does every parent love their second child more than their first child or is it just mine?
How do you manage a team of introverts and extroverts?
Is the theory of constructed emotion commonly believed among psychologists? Is it better supported by evidence than competing theories?
How should I stop having the habit of ignoring people?
What does it really mean when you're making out with a girl and she says something along the lines of 'tell me I'm pretty'? And is this common?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
If you consider manipulation as negative, Which cases do you think that persuasion would be a form of manipulation?
I always feel that somebody is going to harm me. How can I stop this feeling and concentrate on studies?
How do you describe the trust in a relationship where there is unspoken approval?
What is something that you don't like to admit?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm not used to talking to people?
Why do people want to know about a thing even if they don’t care?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
Do people care what you have to say?
If shyness isn't a disability then why does it have to be overcome?
Why do Android users hate Apple so much more than Apple users hate Android?
Have you ever realized you had a really sturdy, trusting relationship by accident with a friend of the opposite sex?
How would you deal with someone that you share peanut butter with, but they stick their fingers in to scoop instead of using a spoon?
Why is it that we want the ones that don't see us instead of the ones that do?
Why humanity has invented filthy language, but now trying to avoid it?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
How can I overcome shyness in front of people?
How can I avoid the trap of group think?
Why is making friends among locals in countries such as Norway, Netherlands or Finland so difficult for an American?
Why does 8/10 sound so much better than 4/5 in terms of rating?
What can be said about inconsistent actions of a friend?
What is the relevance of social psychology in a work place?
What would be the way to become rich by using a time machine?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
If I don't eat and drink at all and exercise on my treadmill for two hours a day, will I be bone showing skinny in six months?
How can we dig ourself out of the hole of lies that is getting bigger?
Is it appropriate to ask the professor who I worked as a Lab Manager for a letter of recommendation?
How ok is it to be thinking about those who don't care a bit about you?
Why are some people unkind to and wary of strangers?
What are some examples of passive aggressive statements?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
How does a person come to behave in a passive aggressive manner?
When is it unfair to "read" someone based on their body language, tone, and/or expression?
Why don’t homeless people work?
Can someone clearly explain Pseudocertainty Effect in psychology and how we can make use of it in social situations?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Why do models almost always date successful athletes?
What psychological characteristics are distinct with porn actors/actresses and what factors generally influence their lifestyle?
How can you break dogmatic thinking?
Are there any people who overcame severe inferiority complex and became successful?
How does social media affect the brain?
What are some other things that we should care about other than career, family and health?
How can I be less reserved, when getting to know people and be more spontaneous?
Why are they making fun of depression?
Why do extroverts feel as they do when they rarely socialize?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
Why do we treat people so badly when they mean the most to us?
Are Syeds kind people?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
What is the difference between a flirty compliment and sexual harassment?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
Would having an open and secure mentality towards sexuality and sex reduce crimes like rapes and sex assaults?
Do snakes exhibit any group behavior related to social hierarchies?
Can you help me become less awkward and socially anxious at school? I have trouble relating to the other guys.
How do I earn respect in my daily life?
Why are farts socially unacceptable?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why is 30 years old considered old?
Why do I feel like the cleaning lady at my parents house sees me as someone that could eventually take their job?
Is there a way to be fully independent of the opinions of others and don't care?
Why do I struggle so much with social interaction?
Why do some people have the tendency to project an image of wealth even though they are not wealthy at all?
Should you care or not care about what people think?
Is it okay to care about certain sciences and not care about other?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
Can people look like they have down syndrome, but they don't?
Why don’t “unsuccessful” people usually like “successful” people?
Which personality traits help children succeed in life and which hold them back?
Can socially awkwardness be genetic?
Why do people care so much about these arbitrary rules of language?
How would you react if a girl told you she meant every bit of support she shows you?
What does being on a social break feel like?
Do unkind people also contribute to the world?
Why do people bully? Is it their inferiority complex that they bully to protect themselves or is it just plain ego?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What are ways to find myself again?
What goes on in the minds of elderly people when girls bring their male friends into their rented home?
How can we combat the 'bystander effect'?
How should I handle a over feminist woman?
What are the qualities that makes someone pragmatic?
How can you get on with someone so well in real life but get ignored on Facebook?
How do you repay someone who always wants to help you but refuses to let you help them in return?
How should I improve my social life as an INTP?
What are 12 psychological hacks to improve the outcome of any social situation?
Why is herd mentality so common?
Why do ex's move on faster by getting into another relationship?
What are the negative aspects of certain cultures that stress the avoidance of hurting someone's feelings?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
I get sick of people I'm friends with over time. Why is this?
What are some ways to deal with a psychopath who plans to destroy my company?
What do you hear about all the time on the internet but have yet to encounter in real life?
What does it mean when a guy calls you a special pet name when he's trying to make you happy?
How do I become a professional conversationalist*? I need a course on conversation skills. How does the addition of a course in a university work?
When was studying in schools/universities harder/easier?
Who actually does not care what people think?
I can't believe other people. What should I do to overcome it?
Why are there so few followers of ESTJ and ISTJ topics on Quora?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Can anyone say about evolution and parental care?
Is it good to socially isolate during bad times?
Why can't one human being trust another human being easily? Why do we need laws, rules and regulations to keep everyone in check?
What are some social psychology studies done on everyday life?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
What is the reason that oxytocin increases in-group bias, racism, aggression and schadenfreude in people?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
How drastically different would the world be, if the original designers of the internet had established it in such a way, making anonymity impossible?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
How does an introverted, shy and highly sensitive guy do acting?
Is it a misunderstanding about who are truly women that make many guys unassertive and not able to express their feelings for women?
Why do we seek validation from worthless people?
Does expectation influences bonding among people?
When you speak to someone, mentioning his/her name either in the beginning of the sentence or in the middle changes the tone of the dialogue. Why?
Why do some people need to tell a lie just to brag?
Since I was 7, I needed to be too disciplined and too serious to survive abuse. Now that I don’t have this problem anymore, I am still too serious and can't enjoy having fun. What should I do?
How do you insert multiple worksheets from the same excel file into a word doc?
How many types of stupidity are there?
Why are social rules formulated?
What is a life hack that you think everybody should know?
How am I able to read people so well without knowing it or trying to?
How can you tell the difference between friendly and intimate touch?
What do socially adept people know that other people don't?
What void can the absence of father have in a boy's development and personality?
Why do I care a lot about others?
Can Quora persuade?
Why do people nitpick other people?
Why is having grown up without a father figure such a commonality among criminals?
How do ISFJs believe they are perceived by others?
Why is it considered good that people don't care about you if you aren't a celebrity or any other famous person?
Is it true that the things we hate in others are actually the things we hate in ourselves?
How can someone overcome toxic shame, the wound of rejection, self-hatred, inferiority complex and the feeling of inadequacy?
Do people inherently fear or distrust someone who identifies as a nihilist?
What can I do in order to become a sophisticated woman?
Is it acceptable for people to throw shade at someone?
Why does everyone hate me?
What can you call someone who cares about the opinions of other people a lot?
I honestly don't care at all what anyone thinks about me. Why do people care so much about how they are perceived?
If a train was headed towards five people, but you could make it go towards two people, what would you do?
What are you doing to help other people? (It can be any type of help, to anyone.)
How do I overcome emotional bullies in college?
Should I be offended if people who are not African make jokes about how stupid Africans are?
Does curiosity decrease proneness to herd thinking?
What kind of mental disorder do you have when you feel lonely every single time you are alone?
How can I change my brat nephew?
As you moved from your 20s into your 30s, did you find yourself less interested in making/keeping female friends?
How can the social exchange theory in psychology be explained?
Why do vegetarians care so much about what others eat?
How can I have " I don't care what other people think" attitude?
Why do people care how others squander their money?
How is being close friends with an extrovert different from being close friends with an introvert?
What would you today, be more frightened to attend: a job interview or a blind date and why?
What makes people care so much about strangers having abortions?
Is it true that being poor brings inferiority complex?
Was this foot/leg pointing done for attention?
Are there documented cases of empath extroverts?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Why should one empathize and sympathize for the lazy, unhealthy, ill, and uneducated? What do we do after curing them?
How can I care less about others' judgments of me?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
Aside from social anxiety and introversion, why do some teenagers not have friends?
What is it to waste life? I feel I am wasting mine. What should I do?
If humans need social interaction to live is harmful interaction still good?
Why are we more creative when dreaming?
How much reciprocity is necessary to sustain, regenerate, and create an abundant life source?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
How can I stay away from 2 so-called friends of mine who only disturb me and put me down?
My 2017 boards exam had gone bad. I'm under immense pressure. What should I do to relieve myself from this trauma?
How do I handle it when strangers do not know my level of knowledge, and behave in a superior manner, e.g. giving advice, etc.?
How can I erase memories out of some bodies head?
Why do many teenagers have a 'depressed' phase?
Is it possible to genuinely and wholeheartedly not care about what others say?
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
What are some social psychological interventions for religious discrimination in the workplace?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
How can I get over my obsessive thoughts that I need to be famous in order to have a "good and meaningful" life?
What is the psychological explanation behind how people become selfish?
How do I remove inferiority complex about my country?
Why don't people care that Hitler was trying to fix the economy and help people?
Can you tell if someone loves someone just by the look they give them?
Why do people care about mass shootings but not other issues?
How do I escape social awkwardness?
Do we care if the human race continues to exist/thrive in the distant future?
How can I not care what others think about me? Are there any useful strategies?
Is it bad that I know how to manipulate people?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
Why do some people come into your life for a reason?
Is Rabia Kapoor actually an introvert?
Why do people often try to parent other people's children?
How do I make someone my subaffiliate?
How can I maximize social interactions in one month?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
Why do people care so much about their beauty?
How do highly sensitive men, with keen eyes, express themselves socially?
Since when do you not care about whether your partner is pretty enough for you?
Why do many large successful political parties hold rallies and expensive dinners instead working full steam to fix areas of destruction in society?
Why are most arguments against suicide ultimately an appeal to sentiment or social construct?
Why are Canadians so passive aggressive?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How did Hitler go from socially awkward to a persuasive speaker and leader?
Is it true that people are not born evil, they are made evil?
Do you think you pay attention to celebrities too much?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Are there psychology summer research programs for seniors and college graduates?
How can I make sure that I'm socially healthy during tough times?
Has Quora become the home of introverts?
How can I make sure my ratio is stronger than my (unrealistic) emotional responses to situations? This is impacting my life very negatively.
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What are some subtle things people do/say and strategies they use to undermine you and put you down in social situations and interactions?
How can an introvert work to reduce interaction with other introverts and increase interaction with extroverts?
When should I care what people think about me?
Do we as humans tend to sympathise more with women than we do with men? How does it manifest in today's society?
What is the appeal of myth in psychology and sociology?
How can a sensitive person avoid an inferiority complex if they are least loved by society?
How do I think faster than and different from you?
Why do the people about whom I care so much, sometimes doesn't care at all about me?
Should I ask my best friend's brother out?
Is it possible to ignore your own emotions for a good reason, and if so, how?
If everyone was equal financially, would status monetary status symbols lose all their value?
Do Europeans have double standards?
What should one do to let others think about you positively?
Would joining Toastmasters help an introvert?
What are the damaging effects of loneliness in childhood and adolescence?
How do you lie effectively?
Why do people judge others for going after what they want just because it goes against what other people want?
How can I stop craving male attention?
I work at a cafe where 90% of the customers are elderly. What is an appropriate way to respond if one comments negatively on my tattoos?
What mental disorder can cause emotional numbness?
Why do Indians love helping foreigners? Is there any psychology behind it?
Is democracy a weaker’s/looser's option?
Was smelling more socially acceptable some decades ago?
Is it normal to not explain your feelings and reactions unless prompted?
Do you find that intelligent, beautiful people, are more scorned than admired?
Is moden technology ruining human social interaction?
Why did my curiosity for the same gender only start to come about at such a late age?
Why are you good at reading people?
Does a kid that talks in a overbearing voice look cute at 5 years old yet when an older person is overbearing is it not cute anymore?
How much and in what ways does social conditioning affect the libido of women?
Is it bad to be a perfectionist, an existentialist, an extroverted introvert, and a highly sensitive person all at the same time?
What are the elements of a wonderful and successful online persona?
This guy told me he cheated on his girlfriend of 4 years, broke up a few months ago and got back recently and cheated again. What is wrong with him?
If you want to start a new life away from your abusive family. Where do you go: Europe, US, AU?
What are the main differences between antisocial personality disorder and Schizoid Personality Disorder?
Why do people care so much about transgender bathrooms?
What are some arguments against those who claim that the racial differences in IQ come from racial instead of cultural and environmental factors?
Why are some girls very promiscuous?
Does social status largely affect whether confidence goes up or down with age?
Why doesn’t my wife want me to teach my 10 month old son a language that my wife can't speak?
What is the best thing to do when friends ignore you because of inheritance?
What is the displacement of responsibility in social psychology?
How can I become comfortable with interacting publicly online on Twitter?
Is it ok to ask out my friend’s cousin? She’s a hot girl.
Why doesn’t my 5-year-old stepson want me to teach my 10-month-old son a language that my stepson can’t speak?
What are some ways to become more well versed in today's political and social events?
Why do some people think it's impossible for white people to face racism and discrimination?
Why do so many people not care about others?
Do higher functioning psychopaths read other's emotional cues better and handle social relationship better than the lower functioning ones?
Should modern society be criticized for being materialistic?
Why do people claim to be Navy SEAL's when they are not (Stolen Valor)?
How can I make people know I care for them at the moment?
How do you keep a united front against a 5 year old child with two authority figures, one who is strict and one who is permissive?
Why do people judge other people?
Why do people care less about their friends than their current partners?
Are there some recent examples where a society was shamed into changing its values and collective behavior?
Why us human justify our behavior using primitive instincts?
Do horror movies make person pervert?
What are some things I can say or do to make myself seem smart?
What are the problems arise by hiding real behavior?
How do you not sweat the small stuff?
Why are most academics not very friendly?
Is it something international to care about what people around you think about you?
I am an introvert. How can one be comfortable with that when the whole world keeps saying you should be an extrovert to be likeable?
What does fist fighting say about us as the human species?
Why is it not socially acceptable to wear a smog protection mask in some countries?
Is there any explanation for someone contacting right after thinking of them?
My boyfriend often gets invited to social events by a group of people of the organisation we are both volunteering for, I get not. What can I do?
What social skills do Millennials lack or need to improve on?
What is it called when people think the worst of others?
Do students who go to single-sex schools become socially awkward later in life?
I can't make deep connections with people and many of them don't remember me. Is it a lack of confidence?
If I go to a club with people older than me (thirties), will they not check my ID?
What is more addictive than heroine?
Does fashion allow people to express their individuality or does it force people to conform to be fashion?
How can sharing a bad feeling help us?
If the grass is greener on the other side is that a good thing?
Why do I feel uncomfortable while talking with non-Asians?
How can I become influential?
What was origin of cleopatra complex?
What boss or colleague irritates you the most?
What has Facebook taught us or revealed about humanity since its inception?
There definitely comes a point in life when one realizes which characteristics one inherited from which parent. Is this maturity or what?
How do you deal with passive aggressive people and those who are trying to tear you down?
What is the mentality where as people hate or dislike things until they themselves need them?
What psychological response does the so-called Seduction Community hope to achieve in their targets with the practice of "negging"?
What are the most effective life hacks?
Are ethics and morality perceived differently between the average person in China and America?
Can an empath become a sociopath?
Are vast sweeping social changes in the U.S. not going to happen quickly until it starts affecting whites and/or the upper class?
Why do I keep talking to myself, creating hypothetical scenarios in my head? How do I stop doing that?
I'm not at all interested in fashion and clothing. Is it normal?
How can I be more fun and engaging at social events?
What do guys think of a smart, cute girl who is bad at social interaction and appears to be awkward?
Why do empathic people think that everyone thinks like them?
Are people born pansexual and only become "more specific" due to their social environment, media, etc.?
Why are people inherently bad?
I told a 10 year old boy to "fuck off" as I noticed he was literally taking my phone out of my pocket. Does this make me a bad person?
When I'm asking questions to a girl, they are just giving the simple answer and without giving any questions in return, what could the reason be?
How can I avoid the bystander effect?
Why do people see someone who is kind & generous by nature as someone who is weak, easy to manipulate and take advantage of?
What can a person say/do that would make you wish to talk to/see them again?
How do people make decisions?
What does Scientology scripture mean by "Families are not good groups; they’re bad groups”?
Do misanthropic topics attract more traffic or audience in internet?
How can we fight greed in modern society?
Is it true that a child’s physical health is influenced by the love between the child’s parents?
What would be a good title for an (adult-oriented) cartoon about a socially awkward man?
Is there a biological reason why men should always be blamed for unsatisfactory sex or is it purely a product of sexist mindset?
What criteria (if there is one) do you use to judge whether somebody is smart or not?
Why does he constantly come up in my thoughts? What should I do to stop hoping?
What would you think if your best friend liked your brother?
Why do Liberals care so much about other people's feelings?
Why do I pretend to be mean?
What are some ways to spot a homeschooler?
How do I stop overanalyzing social interactions?
What can we share with others and what can't we?
Is being a furry socially unacceptable?
What would you do if you liked your sister's friend?
How are schools handling bullying?
My friend says he can't imagine his own face, but can imagine near strangers'. Why is this?
Why do we sometimes get attached to people who treat us badly?
Why do people treat you good when you are rude to them and treat you nasty when you are nice?
Is there someone you find interesting without having ever spoken to them? What is so appealing about them?
How do I understand others' body language?
Can a person completely lose their personality and only be able to act out one of many possible personalities?
Why do some people struggle with small talk?
What are the insecurity detecting algorithms? How much of these insecurity algorithms are implemented in Facebook and WhatsApp yet?
Why is it so hard for me to forget about someone who hurt me really bad and is now ignoring me?
Can we stay put and relax to let nature sort things out for us in our society?
If Lord Krishna takes birth in India in this age, what could his life look like?
What is the psychology behind Trump using Twitter to vent his emotions?
Why would a child scream frequently on a regular basis out of the blue?
How do I deal with those extremely pessimistic people who say - India can never improve?
My friends made a Facebook chat group and didn't add me, how do I stop letting it bother me?
How effective is psychological first aid to people affected by traumatic situations?
Why do some men choose to marry women who do not bring much to the table apart from their looks?
Why do people care about being socially superior?
Why are people not careful with their phones?
How can an introvert and extrovert personality be described?
What do millennials think about Simon Sinek's video about millennials in the workplace?
What is cognitive hypocrisy? What type of cognitive bias causes hypocrisy in a person?
How do you overcome ethnic or religious bias and have a successful dating life?
I'm always terrified of posting on my Facebook status. What does that mean?
Are most women sexually repressed?
Why would my guy friend say he prefers to use messages to text me instead of WhatsApp?
What do you do when you have a crush on your best friend's brother?
What is a zero sum view?
What makes being stubbornly loyal a character flaw?
In today's society do people genuinely care about others or more about themselves?
What are the negative effects of bullying?
Is it altruism when the current me makes a sacrifice for the benefit of the future me?
Can a contempt application be returned?
How do people change from lovers to strangers?
How can I gain confidence in my appearance?
My family keeps asking why I'm mad, but the reason why I'm mad is because they won't stop asking why I'm mad. How do I get them to stop?
What are some scary facts about crowds of people?
What is the secret to having an amazing social life?
What life advice would you give to a 17-year old?
Am I selfish for saying no to social gatherings?
Why don't older people care about killing fun?
How would a person act if they were never validated, but only either corrected or ignored?
What are some early signs of a physical and/or an emotional abuser to watch out for?
How can the performance of introverts and extroverts differ in sports?
Why do some people want a leader who is a peer, “like them" enough to be a drinking buddy, rather than one who is better, smarter, more skilled, etc?
Concerning online presence, what are the motivations that make someone wants to share personal details about their lives ?
What are some tips for dealing with people who unintentionally bring out the worst in you?
Psychologically, is it possible that I picked a mate who resembles my brother in order to fix the relationship between us?
What will be the advice if you have to advise yourself now?
If Santa Claus was real, would people treat each other better?
Why are people with authenticity, conscience, kindness and selflessness (traits highly prized by society) easy targets for manipulators?
How can a psychopath extend their acceptance into others 'tribes' before they're kicked out for not actually caring about others?
How do you determine someone's levels of affective (emotional) empathy?
What do you do if someone does not like you?
Why is society money oriented?
Is there a scientific method for falling out of love, or breaking a psychological or physical attachment to someone?
What are possible career opportunities for someone with a Master's in Social psychology?
Is it always bad to be passive aggressive?
Is it bad to be socially isolated?
Why is physical beauty so important in today's society?
To what extent do you care about what someone thinks of you?
Are relationships about giving and taking?
Do you hate cowards?
How can I help my sister who is depressed due to her broken marriage?
What is the least socially accepted pain?
Can anyone admit that their partner who was hurt in a previous relationship is jaded, angry and controlling with you as a result of that?
I've got anxiety and I can't stop worrying and over analysing situations. how do I stop panicking about tiny things?
How does someone become a master of 'social dynamics'?
Would a 49 year old man be considered an older man?
How important is a hug?
Do people care about their health?
How can I be an interesting person that people love and enjoy talking to?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
How do I not care about what others might say?
Why is it socially unacceptable to drink alcohol in the morning?
I have many awesome face selfies stored in my phone. I can't decide what to do with them. Should I post them on social media or keep them in phone?
Recently traveled to America (LA) for business. Why do strangers there look at me and smile or compliment me?
Who gives better advice, old people or smart people?
Is it okay to look at people with a critical eye?
Is it possible to have an aggressive personality and be socially liberal?
Is having a deep conversation with any woman the key to getting her to fall in love with you?
How does one put aside one’s ego for the comfort of a relationship?
How much did Buddha care about the opinion of others in search for truth and enlightenment?
Who is a philanthrophist?
If a woman wants to marry a rich guy, does it necessarily mean she is always a golddigger?
Is it normal that I don't care what people think of me at all?
Is it better to project confidence or be genuine about your shortcomings when interacting with others?
Would you rather be yourself and nobody likes you or not be yourself and everybody likes you?
Why won't my parents let me run harmless psychological studies on them?
What is the root and cultural significance of a roast?
Why do we respect people who create things?
What do you do when people don't care?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
Have there been any researches that proved or disproved following statement regarding convincing people to believe certain things?
How can one incorporate emerging markets prices with G7 markets as a global macro trader?
How can I feel comfortable talking to new people?
Why do people who complain a lot usually get what they want?
Why am I so bad at doing "fun" things?
How do you learn to become comfortable in your own skin so to speak?
What was the study in the early 2010s which suggested that many social psychology studies were over reliant on samples of students in major cities?
What are some examples of situations where the majority of people in a nation were found to be completely wrong about something?
I was trying to help my mother, she misunderstood me and thought I was critisizing her, she get so mad and threatened me. What would make her do that?
What can be the psychological effects of body shaming?
Are more Muslim youths in Kosovo becoming more religious?
What does “no eye contact post-relationship” mean?
As an introvert, have you ever had to make an effort to be more extraverted for the people you care about? What was that like? Was it worth it?
Most people want to stay in the favor of an (apparently) powerful/influential person, irrespective of the role in terms of positive or negative. Why?
What’s the best way to remain kind and well-tempered when dealing with difficult family members?
Do people have more of a tendency to engage in illegal behavior if they are part of a group?
Why do pretty people get treated differently?
What is your favorite way to manipulate people?
Why don't Indian people care more about the environment in their country?
Why do people accept biological differences between sexes but deny biological differences between races?
Is passive-aggressive behaviour akin to bullying?
What should I do if I can't stop stuttering?
Has society always had insecure girls?
Do you feel beautiful today?
What is the psychology of perception?
What if any studies have been done in regards to violence towards men from female’s that is progressively occurring more and more in film and TV?
Why are the people becoming divided on social media according to class, religion, colour, etc.?
Why do people value recognition and praise so much?
How can I stop feeling like people don't actually care what I have to say?
What are some more subtle power positions?
What should one do if someone is creating unnecessary trouble, such as throwing waste at my doorstep or puncturing my car tyres?
What is the relationship between climate and psychology?
Is there any place where people really care about each other?
What is the best way to describe experiences?
Why do good leaders end up abusing their powers in high positions?
What is one original thought that you have had that could change the world or even just the life of another but that you've never spoke or shared?
Why do Indian girls overuse the word love when they also don't care about it much?
Why women are underrated in business or in politics?
Why do people make such a big deal out of the advent of a New Year?
How would the concept of family change?
What things/habits one should avoid at age of 18 onwards?
How is the sense of obligation and duty used to manipulate people?
What are some telltale signs of an authentic and compassionate person vs. a person who is faking kindness?
Is it wrong to make a recommendation to someone for something that can help them?
How does it feel like to be a single mother?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex developed due to being an overweight little girl in the past?
Have you ever fallen out of love, and then back in love with your partner?
Why is sperm donation looked upon as a socially unacceptable, cheap task?
What does learning & mastering a language (apart from first/second) show? Why is it a mark of leadership? How is it important to win the trust of the people?
What is one problem affecting a large group of people that could be solved within one week, only through organizing via the Internet?
What are the best articles or essays on psychology/humans/human nature?
What are some good arguments against bullying?
Is it wrong to look for financial status of a marriage partner not just for money but for background, values, mentality & mannerisms?
Why do people look down on those in economical distress? This can be homelessness or just unemployment.
How do I increase my social interaction?
As a Muslim woman in Canada, how do I overcome stereotype threat?
In India, why do people care about marks more than skills and knowledge?
What are the differences between the nature of a poet’s observation and that of a scientist’s observation?
Is it possible to see past your privilege and actually care about minorites?
How does a person stop being so naive and believing what everyone says (gullible)?
Is it ok to talk to strangers in your country?
Why do people care so much about Syria war?
What resources and activities do you recommend to learn to “creatively” exploring patterns?
Why do we care about people in need?
Do best friends of opposite genders share sexual fantasies, deep secrets, cuddle and drive an hour to see one another?
What are your favorite internet communities that have made an impact in your life?
Are there any socially awkward models?
Why is my emotional thought process so black and white in relationships?
Is the future worse than today?
How do I excel in social conditions?
Where can I find psychology research about theories of how people think about/during creative work?
Why do people feel lonely even when married?
How important is it to realize your view is uncommon or the minority on an issue?
Why do people regularly choose to spend £5 on burgers rather than nutritious meals for the same price?
What Awdhesh Singh had given back to the society?
If I had to learn everything about social interactions while growing up, what does it tell about me or the way my mind works? (and good with pattern)
If I can scientifically prove that gayness is a psychiatric disorder, will I be awarded the Nobel Prize?
How do I not care about what others think or talk about me?
Are unintelligent people more susceptible to social pressure?
How can I practice mindfulness without meditation?
What if you are an introvert and you are forced to attend social gatherings?
Is it possible to get a PhD in Social psychology or sociology as a designer?
Is there a name for this phenomenon?
How long will it take for us to become "civilised"?
Why don't people care about asbestos exposure?
Will I be beaten, if I hit a cow on Indian streets?
How do I stop being childish and immature?
Should I feel uncomfortable when my dad slaps my bum?
Why do I want to approach people to confront them about something but then I change the subject?
If someone were to give you a billion dollars on an agreement that you build a weapon that could cause a massive genocide, would you do it?
How do I get accepted by members of a social group?
Why is it sometimes hard to accept oneself or other people as they are?
What are the things that interest you in a man and a relationship?
Is it unhealthy to focus on how I want to be perceived?
When did you realize that you no longer fit in with a certain group or crowd?
Can sharing similar feelings reduce stress?
Is it fun to lie?
Is it more acceptable to bottle things up instead of whining?
Should I keep pursuing her?
Why do we feel like even though people care about Snowden they don't care that much about him?
I just said something bad about my teacher, and didn't realise that he was just behind me. What should I do now?
What are ways we could apply what we know about the fundamental attribution error to provide a better memorable customer experience?
Why do some people turn into savages and become aggressive and irrational when they are confronted with things they don't like?
How can I bring out the kid in me whenever I want?
Do people tend to be more humane when Christmas comes? Why?
Why people judge one for being. an introvert?
Has your partner ever said they wanted a new partner openly?
Why do a lot of people want things they are offended by taken down or erased?
As a critical thinker, do you have many friends, and how are/were your family relations?
How do I impress 2-3 of my old college friends who I'm meeting tomorrow for beer after 3 years?
Are "regular" people or socially awkward people more better off in life?
Is family a Universal Social group?
What have you learned in 2016?
How do we spot selfish (Specially miser) people at the first meeting?
Is it so hard to see positivity in every people?
Why can't parents think sexually about their grownup children and why is it wrong if they do?
How can I be an unfeeling person?
What are the social and psychological effects on people living in a country with royals?
Do apps like Snapchat create narcissists?
Why do American citizens place so much importance on looking happy?
Why are people savages?
I try to avoid the knowns on my way and feel comfortable among unknowns as I like not to chat directly. Should I consult a psychiatrist?
Is demonetization a public rape by Modi?
How many friends should a man of 30 have?
How did you feel about police work and policemen and women before you yourself became a police officer?
What is the best way to unit separated groups of people?
Is there any reliable sources dealing with the notion that what you don’t like about others is what you don’t like about yourself?
Why do we have financial but not social credit agencies?
What is the social status of black people in Japan?
What would happen if there were no social rules?
Is the person who sexually assaulted you actually wrong? Is sexual assault always wrong? Why do I have such conflicting feelings about sexual assault?
Which takes precedence need or ambition?
Why do you think you care about others?
How much do you care about people's opinions on you, on a scale 1 to 10?
Can self-awareness lead to a person becoming less empathetic towards the mundane events in everyday life?
Why have you resented society?
What's the most passive aggressive thing you have ever done in your life?
How can I identify with the ethnicity of my adopted family and my ancestral ethnicity?
What are some interesting psychological phenomena?
How do I communicate with a social awkward individual as well as assisting the individual to be more socially acceptable?
Why are millennial women so passive aggressive?
Is it abnormal that I don't care about other people?
What are the fundamentals of Stoicism and how does it affect social interaction?
Are all good deeds inherently selfish?
How does the culture in North and South Sudan differ?
What are some useful things to be aware of when it comes to corporate politics in today's day and age?
What are the best ways to deal with Social Engineer, Manipulative, Seductive, Narcissistic personality?
Why is acute appendicitis often seen in individual of high social status?
Can you arrest people's attention for extended periods by fast acting and fast talking?
Why doesn’t a person give importance when we care about them?
How do I overcome inferiority complex of having less knowledge about weak subject?
What is the best way to pick up girls through social media?
Is it a type of OCD if you cannot refuse to answer someone's question that you feel uncomfortable answering?
If social manipulation might have led to the US electing Trump, should we also question the results of down ticket races?
My partner is not an affectionate man but is overly affectionate only while we are asleep. Why?
How could we define collective intelligence?
Why do people always stare at my face?
Is it right to not care about other people and just try to be happy?
Is it normal for people to ask why you're sweating?
Does anyone follow a structured thought pattern to be more aware and confident during social interactions?
I am 33. How do I develop deep friendships?
What is the difference between Criminology and Criminal psychology?
What is the best way to learn social sensitivity and self awareness?
Should a person cover up all their flaws and make themselves look perfect?
Do people care about what is going on around them?
How should you introduce yourself in a way that'll make people care who you are?
What is important in life?
How does Asperger's syndrome effect social acceptability?
Why are some people attracted to people who don't care about their well being at all, while pushing away the ones who would actually heal them?
Why do my friends always go on about me being rich (even though I never and get uncomfortable talking about it)?
Why are some short people so mean to tall people?
Will Facebook one day control our lives?
What is the difference between Sociology and Social Psychology?
How do you not let a breakup affect your ego?
My girlfriend reckons there is nothing more sad than an older greying balding man sporting a ponytail and it is not attractive? What do others think?
Why do people misconstrue a simple hearted person as being shrewd and calculative?
Has the number of suicides by teenagers increased since a decade ago?
Why is empathy and compassion often seen as weakness?
If I am naturally socially chameleonic, how can I assert my own personality over the adapting shell?
What does the field of psychology think about the Romantic period and its values?
What do you do if your so called close relatives are not your well wishers but you can't cut them out of your life due to social or cultural reasons?
Why is it socially acceptable to throw cigarette butts on the ground?
How do I get rid of inferiority complex caused by mom's contempt?
Will sociology graduates get more salary than engineers or doctors after 2020?
Why do I have trouble sleeping alone?
Why do I feel really emotional about others' mental disabilities?
What would be the impacts as The Big Sort continues in the coming decades?
I have completely lost my faith in humanity (myself included). What should I do?
Is there a limit to social progressiveness?
Is it weird that I go out and eat alone at a restaurant?
Was the protagonist in Sling Blade a sociopath?
Does being in a relationship increase your social status?
Why all the peoples follow great personalities?
Socially speaking: is it easier to be dumb or smart?
Why is it OK for my girlfriend to criticize my flaws but if I comment or criticize her flaws I'm the bad guy?
Is it correct to say "I care the fuck about others"?
How do you know when people will be unfriendly to you at a party?
How do you know if you are viewed as least prioritized?
Are human relationships designed to fail after two years?
Why do people think bullies will care about them?
If you could save either a thousand happy lives or a million sad people, which would you save and why?
What corrupts people the most? Money, material items, or power?
Why cross culture communication more and more important in modern social?
What are some things or principles that you would not die for but would go to jail for if it came to it?
Why does everybody hate me, am I not allowed to have any friends?
Is "bigger is better" social conditioning or something more primal?
Why are some people more private than others?
Are you racist if you sometimes subconsciously view other ethnicities as inferior, but consciously believe all to be equal?
Why has Money become more important than Human relations?
Why is it hard for me to communicate?
How do you know if you have nothing in common with a certain social group or group of friends?
Are Muslims in Kosovo becoming more religious?
Why am I attracted towards certain specific kind of music? Why only they make me feel alive?
Could you not be more British even if you tried?
How can you tell if you are more intellectual than your peers?
What are some risk factors of peer pressure?
What makes people hypersexual or a nymphomaniac? Is it natural or psychological?
What is a best psychological hack that can enhance my way of living and my social relationship?
Is Donald Trump a gift to democracy?
I feel that I don't care about refugees, bombing and shooting victims and generaly don't care about people I don't know. Am I okay?
When will it be socially acceptable to LARP?
Is genocide one historical consequence of multiculturalism?
What is the best example of tit for tat?
Should I go out alone to make new friends?
How is Bandura’s concept of self-efficacy different from Rogers’ concept of ideal self? Describe at least three differences.
Is it a red flag that the guy I'm dating initiated flirtatious contact in a store today with a girl who looked to be 10 -12 years old?
Can I become a child psychologist without a bachelor's degree in psychology? And is it possible to become one with a bachelor's in sociology?
Should I double major in psychology and sociology because of class overlap?
What it is like to be at home for long if you are doing nothing?
Why do most humans assume that good looks and intelligence do not go together?
How often do you post selfies and call yourself ugly just to get more comments calling you beautiful?
I am divorced Indian woman in early mid-30s. My relatives want me to make big compromise in choosing a partner to remarry fast. What should I do?
Are New Yorkers really busy and have no time for socializing?
Why do some people not care when someone is talking?
Should I reply to a Snapchat sent by my ex?
I'm only confident/social when I've had a few successful interactions in the day, which doesn't happen often. How do I become permanently confident?
Why aren't sociopaths, like pedophiles, listed on a central registry and barred from positions of responsibility?
When someone is looking at you in a way that you don't like, is it a bad idea to say "What are you looking at?"
Why do many people get annoyed with conformity?
I have no friends what do I do I cant just make new ones everyone has their own clique?
Is it better to say "who are you?" rather than "what's your name?"
How can I explain the psychology of introverts to my obnoxious brother?
I have two aunts who I am not really speaking much to at the moment. They broke my trust. What do I do?
As an adult (25–120), what do you wish teenagers (13–19) understood?
What are the nature and scope of social psychology?
Should I go and meet my favorite celebrities despite my social awkwardness?
Why do people laugh when I'm most vulnerable?
How do you manage to be your best self when you have an authoritarian mother?
Do computers have a positive or negative impact on student achievement? Evidence to support your conclusions?
What will an adult be like if they are neglected as a baby (in terms of love and affection, not food shelter etc)?
From an evolution perspective, why do we laugh when see people hurt themselves?
What are the true signs of Extroverts?
Why do I get self-conscious in public when I don't care what others think?
Why do people so much obsessed with new year parties though its not an achievement?
What should you do when you want something to start but does not want to be the one who starts it?
If you saw someone wearing a swastika armband, would you automatically write them off as a bad person?
Why did you choose to post/not post your picture on your Quora profile?
How do you know a man who is present with his girlfriend is feeling insecure around another man?
What would be the psychological state of a guy if all women on Earth lusted after him? (They all lust after him but are incapable of loving him)?
Why would an ex maintain eye contact with me then walk right past me?
How do I deal with popular and arrogant people at school?
After 3 weeks on my antidepressant, some days I'm happy and social and others I am sad and antisocial. Why does my mood keep shifting every day?
Why do people get easily angry on a person who is not very proactive (especially at workplace)? Why are they not given training or time to improve?
Can I believe any of John Bargh's studies?
What are the reasons behind homophobic bullying of straight people at school?
What are the impacts of radicalisation?
I'm 40 years old haven't had a girlfriend in years. I'm rejected by almost every girl, feeling very low. What should I do?
What makes someone have a punchable face?
How has teaching psychology affected your way of life?
Are Zimbabweans socially accepted out there?
Why can't I believe people care about me?
What is your worst experience when nature called?
Is it an offense to say to someone don't be stupid?
What is it like to have a socially awkward child?
Why are people care free when drunk?
Why does it feel like I’m taking a happy drug when I look at a beautiful woman I am attracted to?
Is it wrong to put studying before people?
In the face of all the anti-bullying resources nowadays, isn't there anyone defending bullies' right to be bullies?
If a child hands you a toy phone, what should you do?
Unable to make eye contact with people due to Chalazion on my eyelid. How or why should I make them understand it's not a sty?
What are the bullying colors, and what are they used for?
What do you feel like if you are ignored by others? For example, you think you are great enough, but actually nobody cares about you.
How does someone accept being alone?
How do you respond to passive-aggressive manipulators who claim that they were "only kidding?"
How can a socially awkward introvert succeed at life?
What should be the acronym SMART as per your point of view?
What is the trend of basicity order in a group? Sometimes it's said to increase, and sometimes decrease.
How can I stop being a passive-aggressive wife?
Why don't men chase women anymore when they're only told "no" once?
Is 'being judgemental' about what you say or what you do?
Are "the good old days" a kind of archetypal imagery? It seems like it is merely an idea, not a concrete time or place.
Why do I think my parents could care less about me?
My weekend lover FWB is beginning to get passively aggressive when I tell her I can't hang out. How should I end this?
What motivate people to socialize or share things with others?
A happy-go-lucky guy I hang out with freaked out over the idea of dating me. This depressed me. How do I get over it?
A classmate enforces my friend to have phone-sex with him. What should she do?
When is a distant person worth getting through to?
Why do IITans identify themselves as such on Quora?
How do you deal with a person who has a preconceived judgement of you?
When is the time you have felt most attractive?
Is masculinity dead?
Is control of the masses by use of fear, the main objective of most religions?
What are some lesser talked about social rules?
What would be the social consequences of moving away from normal to animated films and story telling?
What happens when you expose your kids to high life which they can’t afford on their own when they have grown up?
How do I overcome the embarrassment of jogging in public?
What are some interesting fact about you?
Since I don't celebrate any holidays this time of year, should I feel offended when someone wishes me "happy holidays?"
Is an expiration on marriage contracts a good idea?
How can I be confident and professional by stop caring about others opinions upon us ,especially when considering and mocking you as a dumb person?
Why do I only feel me when I laugh maniacally?
Does anyone care about the Syrian people because of religion, seems to me it is like 1938 when no one care about what the Jews?
How can I find someone available to make sales at CES 2017?
What are the psychological impacts of demonetization on common man?
How do you feel when people inquire about your long deceased child, sibling or partner?
Isn’t corruption in India a product of the behaviour of its own people, meaning our own behaviour?
How can I learn patience, understanding, not judgemental, learn communication skills, and anything else that is needed in the field of psychology?
How do I make people think I care about them when I dont?
What would conversations be like at Google when Apple has WWDC and vice-versa?
Why are people so obsessed about having their photos clicked everywhere they go? Should we ignore narcissists obsessed with selfies?
How did you learn to live with your physical imperfection(s)?
Is there an example of the incidence of an activty actually increasing after that activity has been outlawed?
I care about people's nationality and race too much. How can I reduce this attitude?
There is a guy i like but haven’t talked to yet.We live in same apartment. Is it ok to send him an fb request?
How do you gracefully deal with people that judge and belittle you?
Why do police officers in North Dakota have no problem injuring peaceful protesters at standing rock?
Are some things better left unsaid?
Is it right for a father to force his children into a particular field?
How does a person gain the power to decide something?
Is there a dominance and submission role in every human social relationship?
If I thrive off the energy of others but also like my alone time am I an introvert or an extrovert?
What are some ways to get people to like you, if they currently do not?
What are some socially-accepted forms of deception?
We have become so touchy in certain areas (for example Muslims, Females) to the extent that we cannot be open out of fear of offending somebody. Why?
If you happen to be paired up with somebody at work or some group and they seem to need validation (ie they're insecure), how can you meet this need?
What are some truly unique ways to stand out at trade shows?
How do I let go of the fear of finding a wrong partner in life?
How can I overcome with insecurity &inferiority of small height?
Am I a bad person for despising having to have lunch with the same office colleagues every day?
How much familiarity does it take to breed contempt for 2 new lovers?
Why do I feel like I won't make it to adulthood?
Which books/resources would you suggest to learn about human behaviour/social psychology/organisational behaviour relevant to B2B sales?
What should I learn to be able to support depressed and suicidal people in my circles?
Do men and women like the look of their own genitalia?
I've been socially rejected by someone I don't even care about. Why is this pain so unbearable compared to other times?
Where does the energy for motivation come from?
Is it true that we get the same from nature what we really do with others? Tit for tat?
My coworkers often say I'm "so nice" or "really nice" and it kind of bothers me. How can I stop feeling annoyed about this?
What are the first thoughts that come to your mind when you watch some foreigner walking on your nation's streets?
Do Seeking Arrangement websites work?
My friend's 14 years old son reacts violently with high level of sarcasm and has limited circle of friends. How should they deal with him?
Who would you rather be friends with and why?
What do I say to the people that don't care about real life topics?
What do people in East Europe think about "Night Wolves" bikers and their motocross devoted to the Victory Day?
Why have I been having very strange, vivid dreams that don't make sense ever since I lowered my antidepressant dose?
What are some lessons for a new bank employee?
What are some contradictory answers that have received a lot of upvotes on Quora?
How can I passive aggressively get back at my Spanish teacher?
How have you learned microexpressions and is it useful for you? What do you think of it?
Why do women often get attacked for their looks when people disagree with their humor or politics?
Why is it OK for a boy to marry a girl 4-5 years younger than him but it is a big deal when a girl decides to do d same?
What are some effective tactics of non-verbal intimidation?
I have a crush, he used to look at me and try to talk to me, then he started avoiding me. Did he give up on me or does he just not like me anymore?
I'm a 16-year-old male and, while walking tonight, I got stalked by a stranger. He asked me to get in his car. How can I protect myself next time?
What is the difference between order effect and sequence effect?
Do you worry about what others think of you?
How do you manage your superiority?
How can I learn to care about people's feeling?
What are the things you do to get over difficult times in your life?
What are the benefits of people who treat each other with respect?
What will be the social consequences of marrying a divorced girl? How society is gonna portray my image?
Is eating my lunch at the bathroom at school retarded and/or gay?
Do people need communication?
Why are most dogs completely disinterested in the magic of television?
Why some people are not accepted by others no matter how good they are or how much they do for others?
What are some examples of internalisation conformity?
How can I make limerence fade away?
Why are some people so ignorant about the world around them?
Do I have to be a bad guy to gain girls?
You said you're introverted. How do you deal with this extraverted world?
Are passionate people dangerous since they are extremists when it comes to things they are passionate about?
How can I jokingly mess with my passive aggressive younger brother?
Why do people prefer simple answers and solutions to problems that are obviously complex?
How's the society changed, from the time you grew up in to present? Is life harder or easier?
I have ADHD. What can I do to not appear passive aggressive?
If you could describe one mindset for having a captivating and engaging presence in social settings, what would it be?
Why do some people feel they have to right to deprive other people of their rights?
Why is it so hard for people between the ages 18- 25 to be more self assured than insecure?
What is the best way to help a negative friend who is used to complaining out?
Should I include my hypothesis and details in my Statement of Purpose for graduate school applications in psychology?
I just overheard a group of people who described me as "not having much of a personality". I feel deeply hurt by this. How do I move past it?
Are studies about the attractiveness of the color red referring to all shades of red?
Is there a way not to get anxious and wound up inside after every bad interaction with people even if it's not your fault?
What is the process behind making friends?
How do I punish myself for lying? How do I stop?
What are your thoughts on men sitting with their legs crossed?
When did you first stopped caring about what others think of you?
What is the way out from my life situation?
Is there anyone who never uses a deodorant?
Will police crawl through an unlocked window if the doors are locked during an urgent welfare check?
Is it wrong to ask the question "Is this a good thing or is this a bad thing?"
What is horizontal individualism?
What are some interesting things you tend to notice when people watching?
How would you build up a network of relationships from scratch? How would you find and reach people and what qualities are needed to do this?
I realise I put on a mask that is tailored fit for different people, what does it say about me?
What are some legal and gray-area methodologies whereby one can degrade the well-being of a distant individual?
Why do people become obsessed with people they can't stand?
Why did you marry an introvert if you are an extrovert?
How can I know who started following me in Quora for answering which question?
Why do most women hate men?
Are we attracted to people with similar or opposite physical traits to ours?
How can you tell an alpha male by his eye movements?
Why can people be so unforgiving towards individuals who are on their own in social situations?
Does interracial marriage produce transcendence children?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
Do other people see the pledge of allegiance as cult like propaganda?
Are we all trapped with our subconscious compulsions?
What makes some of us romantic and others not at all?
What are the similarities between psychology and sociology?
How can I make sure they can never find or track me if I run away from home?
I want to remove all evidence of my existence. How do I do that and escape?
What does petty theft reveal about someone's character?
Why did my personality change after I isolated myself from the World and how can I reprogram it?
How do I convince my stubborn clients on improving their below average project?
Why is there so much stigma in being "weak"?
Is love still relevant in our modern and globalized society?
What is the best social strategy to defuse a violent confrontation?
What is a confident realism?
How do I stop forcing reactions?
Does stupidity serve an evolutionary advantage?
What are some beliefs that instantly put you off the person who holds them?
If you could manipulate everyone around you, would you do it?
I don't like people, what should I do?
Do cheesy people think they get bonus points to be callous when it counts?
Why is judging people so bad?
Is it possible to function without any social support system?
Which country people face the most social pressure in their society?
What do children today need to learn for future success?
Are metaphors more real than the people who walk in the streets?
How much socialization should I get so as to prevent negative effects of social isolation?
Is there any term for the bullies who focuses on bullying others for their choice of bright colors of clothes/back packs etc.?
What is a culture of conformity? What are some examples?
Can you explain anthropology and social psychology?
If we could all read one anothers minds would it bring the human race closer together or drive us further apart?
If two people look exactly alike and are treated as if they are the same person, what will they develop personality-wise and psychologically?
What do you think when our brain increase size?
Why do some people pretend to be good?
Do societies which have strong family ties value their community less?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
How can I know if I am worthy of not having inferiority complex?
What do you think of the unemployed and the poor?
How do I stop caring about what others think, even if that other is your own mother?
Why is it that some people just don't care about others, or even human rights?
Is feminizing men good for society? My wife influences me to interact in a compassionate & passive way with others, naturally I'm more aggressive.
Are there any labs that offer remote research internships for social psychology?
What are some examples of approach-avoidance conflicts?
What are the most compelling examples you have of "be careful what you wish for, you just may get it"?
How can one person manipulate influence on a large scale?
Do people give you looks or stares in public if you avoid making eye contact with them?
What is wrong with a man who seems to project his emotional unavailability to love a woman onto his 5 year old daughter?
What should I do if people want me to karaoke, but I can't sing?
If economic growth doesn't improve happiness, why do we push for it?
What is a "low maintenance person"?
Which is the key difference between the approach of Erving Goffman, George Herbert Mead, and Herbert Blumer on symbolic interactionism?
How can anyone persuade themselves to not care about other people?
Shouldn't the message of any movie be mentioned textually or verbally at the end of it?
Are social evils in the name of 'choice' acceptable & justified?
Why would I prefer having a male persona in internet forums?
How can I learn to care about people?
What do you call a person who cares about what others think of them?
Have psychologists studied the personalities of computer geeks, and do managers exploit their weaknesses to make them work harder for less money?
As humans should we be asking 1st world questions when there are people that don't have drinking water?
Why do Asian Indians seems so socially awkward at work?
Why do people make jokes about their own sad life events?
What are the advantages of conformity?
Who is the most charismatic person you know personally? Can you explain why they are like this?
Do normal people lie on the floor in random places of their home when they get in from work?
How can I smile less?
Why does everybody care so much about what watch a person and/or a leader wears?
Do you think that there is a lot of fake news and misinformation getting shared on Facebook?
I have very strong urges to hurt children both mentally and especially physically. This does not apply to blood relatives. What help should I get?
Can it be criminalized to not educate your children?
What techniques do you use to anchor yourself in a lucid dream? And how much are you able to manipulate them before getting kicked out?
How do I know if I am that kind of person who avoids eye contact in a conversation because they are too timid?
Why can it be so hard to accept trusted and loved organisations and institutions have committed wrongs or failed people?
Why is it that people seek to escape reality through drugs?
What should a social anxiety sufferer do when they fear it may have a lot to do with their questionable sexuality?
Will I always have a tendency towards depression?
I have never had a girlfriend or kissed a girl, I feel uncomfortable talking about girls with my friends, what can I do?
Why can't I take a joke?
How can an inferiority complex affect a person and how can it be overcome?
How can I find flyrecord of someone?
Should the US start paying unmarried women to NOT have babies?
What is the best way to appease two opposing ethical systems simultaneously?
What is the best way to start being more social when you're extremely socially awkward?
Will people like you better if you're not trying to sell them things?
Is something wrong with me if I can't be sad over father's passing anniversary?
When I talk I tend to laugh, especially when I'm nervous. How can I eliminate this habit?
What's the difference between changing a habit and changing a character?
Why are liberals more prone to riot or protest?
Should I let go if I am right but unable to make people understand and prove them wrong?
Will virtual reality increase or decrease tourism?
How does an inferiority complex relate to shyness?
When might verbal communication be a better choice than written or electronic communication because of the emotions involved?
How does one appeal to someone's ego?
Why is bullying a problem?
How do I deal with people who want to use me all the time and only reach out to me when they need something?
What does it mean to be an uncertain person, and why do some people seem more certain than others?
What kind of clothes do likeable people wear?
What are the most common lies women tell men?
Who hates holiday gatherings and feel drained as an introvert?
I am a complete beginner. How do you make wine out of fruits at home?
Do iPhone and Android users have different personality traits?
What considerations should we think of when using facial expressions, gestures, special punctuation, and emojis in business presentations?
Is there a correlation between a US city's weather and its materialism?
How does free charge comes in dielectric?
What are the most significant things happening right now?
How do I avoid getting manipulated if I'm planning to post online an in-depth analysis of my value system?
How much should an intelligent, educated person "dumb down" his/her speech in order to be liked?
What is the closest real-life scientific equivalent of 'studying the magic of friendship'?
What does it mean to be confrontational?
I have developed a very bad habit of gossiping, I was not like this & you know as we gossip we say about one's life to other, what should I do?
Is the imagination stunted or enhanced with television?
Why do people want appreciation?
Do introverts suffer from inferiority complex?
What are the social setting which shapes behaviors?
What is it called when you believe strongly in something but everyone believes the opposite and you begin to doubt yourself despite the evidence?
What's the relationship between mentalization and mental model?
How do I know if a social group is accepting of me?
What sense are we using when we perceive someone's stare?
What are some known practical benefits of being underestimated?
What makes a person interesting?
Can a schizophrenic control psychosis like a lucid dreamer does dreams?
When is the beginning of the end?
When you can monitor the brain with the technology we have today in answering behavioral questions, does that make psychology/social science obsolete?
Does it mean anything if my ex sent a very sweet message on the first anniversary of my dad's passing?
If someone says they live alone, do you automatically think they must be lonely?
Why do many feel threatened by conformity and normalcy?
Why do some countries have so much less regard for customer service than others?
How can we prevent emotions to reach our facial expressions and have a normal look in difficult situations?
How do we make depression socially acceptable?
How do I overcome from my inferiority complex about my knowledge?
I have noticed that I have a hard time interpreting body language, social cues, and eyes. Is that bad?
Do you think college will help me to be less shy?
I'm a grade 10 students who fell inlove with grade 7 student. and vise versa. Is it fine or should I stop?
Does fear of social rejection effect individuality?
What if Christian aliens were discovered?
How can I improve my relationships or friendships with people?
What is the use of having a knowledge without having a job in your hands?
What are some biggest mistakes that people often make in conversations with others?
Can manipulation be used to help others for the good?
What's the best, smartest, kind way I can tell people on my social media to stop sending me invites to join an MLM (multi level marketing) company?
I feel really lonely and misunderstood, even when I'm in a room full of people. How can I overcome these feelings?
Why can't I get involved in a group?
Does the media subconsciously make people want to wear makeup?
Should the whole world be forced to learn one common language in school for communication purposes (without removing any native language)?
Why do people start to advise me to obtain low skill jobs?
What does it feel to have vampire fangs?
Why is it so common for people to suspect they are the only conscious beings?
Why is sex considered so private in Humans?
Is any aspect of bigotry inherent, or is it all learned from prior generations?
How do I deal with socially awkward boyfriend?
How can I be interesting without being weird?
Why do people hurt others and enjoy it?
Is there a case on Social psychology where there was unethical behavioral issues and how it may have affected people?
How can you tell if you're needy or normal?
Why do I have trouble remembering things from past? Do I have some illness? What should I do to remember more? (edit: i don't do drugs)
What does intimacy mean and how important is it in our lives?
Why is there a propensity to eulogize dictators after they die? Don't their victims count?
Why can't I be normal in social situations?
Why are so many people stuck at the maintaining norm level in human development when we should all be aspiring to be at the postconventional level?
Why don’t people take the time to understand other people?
Does it ever happen to you that when you go near someone you know but don't have on Facebook, they later the same day get suggested as a friend?
What is a powerful and respectful posture to adopt during a verbal confrontation?
Which universities in Dubai host master's degrees in Social psychology?
Is a small compliment such as "nice jacket" considered "catcalling"?
Why would a group of intelligent, college educated, adults pass by a field with cows and yell “MOOO” at the cows?
I'm financially unable to move and I hate where I live; what can I do to cope with being here?
Should one always stand up to a bully regardless of the odds?
What do you call a consensual hallucination?
Is it normal that I can empathize or not empathize with whoever I want?
How can I charge more money for the same product/service?
I'm pretending to be someone else online. I'm trying to stop but I enjoy it. Can someone tell me how to stop it?
How can I improve my perspective in life when it's been terrible since day one, and all I know are pain, abuse, and the manipulation of others?
What are some social psychology experiment ideas?
What is a witty way to respond when someone interrupts you by saying “Are you finished”?
How do I deal with my son's passive aggressive step mother?
Is it normal to be 23 and still feel extremely shy and anxious all the time?
Is personality development training helpful for overcoming inferiority complex and getting to know oneself?
What is the true intent/motivation and purpose of racism?
What is happen inside a rioter's head after he raids, murders, or rapes others? Will he brags it to his families and friends?
What should you do if everyone is bullying you everytime?
If you took 2 people, one 'normal' and one extremely anti social, and put them in solitary confinement for say 80 days, who would go insane first?
Do I need to care about what others think about myself?
What would one infer about me if I don't stick to my words?
Have you ever returned to your ex after a while since he/she broke up with you because of misunderstanding/fear?
Do companies care about the fact that some people will never be able to afford their products?
Does caring about social status and social rank make a person superficial and materialistic?
Why did girls stop flirting with me after college?
Can the ability of taking decisions be used to define a person's psychology?
Do people really believe in the Bible, the Quran, God, Allah, Yahweh, Jesus, etc.? Or are they just saying they believe for virtue signalling purposes?
Why does everybody care so much about what watch a person and/or a leader wears?
Can it be criminalized to not educate your children?
Everything turns me on. What do I do?
What are important things to be said when presenting on domestic abuse?
Is it okay if a guy friend who claims to love you, comments about your body parts, or asks you why can't you be intimate with him?
Is bullying good? Should it be looked at differently? Have “morals” confused our logic and reason when it comes to “social hierarchy?”
Will I always have a tendency towards depression?
Why are people so concerned about Sonam Gupta?
Are there jobs that combine trend forecasting, sociology, economics, politics, culture, and science/technology?
I am always having lucid dreams and also very clear dreams. Is it normal?
Is it possible to learn social skills by reading about it?
Why am I passive aggressive?
How can I find flyrecord of someone?
What is the best way to start being more social when you're extremely socially awkward?
Why should I care so much about coal miners compared to other jobs lost to advances in technology?
How do I ignore people that keep bringing me down by reminding me of my mistakes?
Is there ever a legitimate reason for adults to communicate only through passive aggressive social posts?
When I talk I tend to laugh, especially when I'm nervous. How can I eliminate this habit?
Why are teens so easily influenced by peer pressure?
How would you psychologically evaluate a person who makes plans but fails to follow through with those plans?
Does sales strategy based on guilt work?
How do we eliminate mistrust among east and west?
Is there anyone that truly and completely does not care about what people think of them? How do I get to be more like you?
I'm 14. Why do I prefer talking to adults?
How do I control the obsessive use of mobile phone?
Is there a difference between gossiping and networking?
Why am I feeling left out even though I am happy?
Is being nice no longer acceptable for Americans. Would people rather be jerk?
Why is my brother dating a girl without any life ambitions?
Why do men roll up their sleeves before a fight?
Why is bullying a problem?
Which physical traits gives someone a more influential appearance?
I am a complete beginner. How do you make wine out of fruits at home?
How do women treat men they dislike but have no choice but to meet as they are relatives or family members?
Does listening to a comedian while asleep make your personality more like theirs?
What are some statistics that are commonly used to mislead people?
I am wildly in love with a close friend but it's long distance, do I tell her?
How will scrapping the INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes affect the daily lives of Indians?
What does it mean to be confrontational?
What are 10 things the United States does better than European countries?
What is it called when you believe strongly in something but everyone believes the opposite and you begin to doubt yourself despite the evidence?
I caught my 14 year old daughter stealing money from our family. How should I handle this?
Are monsters born or made?
What is increasingly becoming socially acceptable?
How do you read someone's mind through their body language?
Can people entertain ideas without believing them, or do ideas slowly convince your mind to accept them as true?
What can I do when my sister doesn’t treat me the way I deserve and need?
Do you think future generation English speakers will have improved or degraded grammar, punctuation, and articulation skills?
How would a person be if he had 0 percent stress level?
Does it mean anything if my ex sent a very sweet message on the first anniversary of my dad's passing?
If someone says they live alone, do you automatically think they must be lonely?
Is it wrong to lie and let people 'hear what they want to hear'?
How can we prevent emotions to reach our facial expressions and have a normal look in difficult situations?
Why don't people care about the environment?
Why don't people care about the feelings and respect of plain looking and physically weak students?
Am I socially awkward?
Who is that one stranger you will never forget? How did he teach you the biggest lesson of your life or removed biggest misconception you ever had?
How do I overcome from my inferiority complex about my knowledge?
How often does the term 'womanism' get misinterpreted by non-feminists as a term for female chauvinism?
I'm a grade 10 students who fell inlove with grade 7 student. and vise versa. Is it fine or should I stop?
What are the psychological effects of social isolation in prisons?
What are some biggest mistakes that people often make in conversations with others?
What are some interesting documentaries about stigma?
Is a modern 'trendy' hairstyle really necessary? (men)
How do I attract influencers to join my interest-based social platform (FearlessLittle.com)?
What are some body language postures I should adapt and what are some hacks and tricks to make the interviewer select me?
Generally, what are the best places/attractions to go/visit with a 21 year old college girl who you like/love/have feelings for?
What are some methods for dealing with people who talk too much?
How can I be interesting without being weird?
How can you tell if you're needy or normal?
How do I get my personality back?
How would social psychologists analyze Donald Trump's victory?
Why do you care so much about other people's lives?
Should you help people who are selfish?
What can you do to attract people to you?
What's the psychology behind people who turn every conversation towards a particular political or social issue?
Why do people want others to see them differently than how they actually are?
Why don’t people take the time to understand other people?
How do Asian cultures view social anxiety?
Is it true that most people are too wrapped up in themselves to care about your mistakes/flaws?
What is a powerful and respectful posture to adopt during a verbal confrontation?
Can a person have low self esteem and be a narcissist?
How do I build a team if I'm surrounded by people who only care about grades?
What are some good ways to "read" people?
Why does a person become angry and agressive if you tell him that he is not sincere and doesn't love me?
How come people in the USA care about Trump so much but forget about his VP, Pence who is much worse and has way more support?
Who is more vocal with their views, INFJ or INFP?
Why did Jenny not settle with Forrest Gump even though she loved him?
What can be the reasons for people who want to enquire so much about others personal affair?
Why is social interaction in groups so bizarrely awkward and seemingly unnatural?
If I am living in the "first-world", do I ever have a right to be sad?
What are some ways to manipulate someone with a big hypersensitive ego?
What is the most shocking thing someone you know has done on Facebook?
What is a healthy and ecological alternative to capitalism?
How do teenagers change psychologically between 16 and 18?
How do I identify people who have a need for achievement and power?
Is there any possibility, an emotional intelligent person to face psychological kind of problems?
Why do I always need to let someone else observe an event?
What does “high need for approval” mean?
What is the best pre-law among these three in the PH: psychology, anthropology, or sociology?
Do you think humans are more or less clones?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
A guy I'm dating downloaded my pictures from Facebook and sent them to his male friend without asking me. Is this normal?
Will having a moral compass hurt you or help you?
I have a strong inferiority complex towards profession with high social status and beautiful people. How can I prevent to pass it on to my future kid?
Which myths if busted would hurt your parents?
If you were given 1 trillion $ to create (as much as practically possible) a perfect world, how would you do it?
Are intuitive people less consistent?
Putting all politics aside, is there a psychological explanation for so many angry, uncontrollable outbursts resulting from the election?
Have you done something without free will today?
Why are some people intimidated by my personality?
What is the inability to put up opinions called? Is it detrimental in any way?
Is staying silent and not retaliating, the safest option nowadays given a mean world out there?
Is there any solution to end hate amongst women?
How do you stop feeling bad when people give you funny looks or stare?
Why do people assume that being a single child, you are more selfish?
Can you train yourself to not care about other people's opinions?
If only 20 questions are available to learn about someone, what should be asked?
Is being attracted to intelligence a call for social mimicry?
Does arguing about vaccination and vaccination policy share some features with arguing about religion?
What is the most effective way to bring new ideas into mainstream politics?
How can we get people to see past their own personal interests (particularly financial interests) and think about the collective interests of a group?
Why are awesome women always single?
What would be the social and psychological implications of "training" a whole population (of a country) to repress their emotions?
What questions need to be asked to detect someone's weaknesses?
Which theory best explains why humanity screws up?
Why can't my mom understand that I am depressed?
What makes someone a Goth?
Is it appropriate to practice in front of a mirror aiming to fix the grimaces you make when you discuss with your friends?
Why are religious people fearful of individualistic people?
We are all bad people. Do you agree?
What are the zeitgeist of today’s times? How are people psychologically and sociologically affected?
If suddenly all humans could solve almost any mathematical problem nearly instantaneously depending upon the size of their computer what would happen?
Am I an extrovert?
How does one get used to his/her own voice?
What do you think of those people who hate themselves?
Are people with ADHD socially awkward?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
Why are people grateful for praise (compliment) , but defensive when someone offers constructive Criticism?
Why am I socially awkward?
When you talk to your own self, have you ever listened?
How do I deal with a passive aggressive daughter in law when I'm confrontational?
What influence does herd mentality have in Indian democracy?
Given that some people commit horrendous acts in God's name, how do you know if you are truly following God's will?
What are some of the long lasting effects of verbal bullying?
Why do we need confidence?
Why do some intellectual people tend to be unhappy?
Why do people like us when we assume they like us?
Why do I have such a hard time believing my friends care about me?
How do psychology students make their online profile strong?
What are some good colleges in Europe to study anthropology, Cognitive psychology and Social psychology?
How can you tell if people are intimidated by your presence?
Are older people more careful about their laundry?
Why am I addicted to election coverage?
Is acting appropriately in social situations a form of lying if my outward behaviors do not align with my private thoughts or feelings?
Do many people fake smiles, when they get their picture taken?
All drugs of the mind create a dampening of the two conscious thinking minds called the real and the ethereal? Are we turning imagination on or off?
Are you more driven by ego than you sometimes care to admit to yourself?
How do you get a girlfriend if you're socially awkward?
How can you tell if you're getting funny looks from strangers or if it just your imagination?
My bf tells me that, due to experiences as a kid, he has developed an inferiority complex towards people with my profession. What can I do to help?
What's it like to reunite with a person you care deeply about?
Can I use hypnosis to end my sexual attraction to someone in a relationship?
Is non-pathological psychology a nearly "dead field"? Did the researchers in their old/middle aged researchers find out what's worth finding out?
How do I stop seeing horrific acts I read about done to a child that won't stop playing like movie in my head?
Do INFJs experience other people's emotions as their own?
Should I forgive my absent father?
How do I change other people's negative perception of me? How do I change myself to be more well-liked on first and lasting impressions of me?
Is it possible to become brainwashed without giving up one's free will?
What are the true signs of Introverts?
What are some social psychology mechanisms that are relate-able in US presidential election?
Are there any university studies on Eric Fromm? How can I locate researchers who are studying him?
Why is being completely truthful and unfiltered in every social interaction considered to be pathological and/or a social handicap?
Why is it that very few Quorans almost never improve their answers based on comments given? How do you feel about it?
Is there a psychological term that describes calling someone crazy to deflect/hide the truth?
I'm 25 with Autism (HF), I fail to care about other people still, what would snap me out of this?
Why does it seem like I frequently responded to by being contradicted by people or by them showing me their worst sides?
How do I survive college when I'm a bit older than others?
How does society encourage objectification of humanity?
How would you feel if you liked someone and then found out he/she was a sex offender?
What things are just not worth the effort?
Why do some people suffer a lot more than others?
How do I stick to successful people if people in general don't like to keep me around?
How can you tell if someone might enjoy playing video games with you?
Young people often argue that they don't hide sth illegal, so they don't care about surveillance. Why don't they value non-illegal privacy more?
What are the key traits of mentally strong people?
Are you ready for anything that life may throw at you?
How can a 27 year old son, cope with a selfish, short-tempered, unforgiving, dis-respecting & dominating 52 year old mother?
Should I tell my best friend that I know about his feelings for my girlfriend?
Why do people love to interfere into personal lives of others?
Is it okay to do the right thing reporting someone doing a violation, even if you’re doing it not only because it's right, but to take revenge too?
How do Pakistanis feel when many people from other countries call them 'Pakis' to abuse them?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to "love" an older woman?
In the long-run is it better to deal with bullies by practicing nonviolence or standing up to them and risk reprisals?
Why am I awkward around guys?
Is it better to learn how to deal with people by reading books on social skills or having an active social life?
Does increase of obesity rate increase Anorexia rate?
Why do some people support people who invade other people's privacy?
If someone makes provocative statements that may cause someone else to have a stroke or heart attack, are they committing a crime under the law?
Does someone feel jealous of someone else's success? Because I do but don't know how to overcome that feeling and be happy as I'm not a bad person?
How can I stop being so awkward and shy?
What are the basics of body language?
Does almost no one have an open mind?
What are the questions to help me screen any woman quickly?
How can I overcome feeling stupid after an important conversation?
Why is it important to tell others you care?
Why do people still care about others' choices?
Why do I feel so distant from the other people?
I am Robin and I am a racist! Does that make me a bad person?
Are the problems of society made by the psychological problems of the indviduals?
How can I get more attention when I speak?
What is the best way to prevent a parent from living vicariously through you?
How can I strengthen my character and not be weak inside anymore? (Regarding relations with other people)
Is there any smallest denominator which we can use to save the world?
How can I free my mind of being addictive?
Does "truth is, people are addicted to people" makes sense to you?
How will we detect that a person is psychologically unfit?
Is it unethical to have sex with your previous psychiatrist? What do you make of this? All people are human right?
Is Quora your new reality and taking you away from human interaction?
Is society an invention or does it occur naturally?
What is a good free way to cheer up a roommate?
How do restaurants use psychology to manipulate our spending and eating habits?
Should all high-schoolers have to take computer science?
I'm getting lonely & desperate for good company but most people I meet only care about alcohol and hedonistic pleasures for recreation. What do I do?
About to be evaluated by graphologists, I am "fluent" in several writing styles. Which should I use?
Why is it not socially acceptable to enjoy Bill Cosby's comedy but it is acceptable to enjoy Michael Jackson's music? Both are likely sex offenders.
Is there anyone you don't like but you respect?
How do I know what I should care about?
How is the way you perceive yourself different from the way others perceive you?
Do people who care about the environmental issues actually do something about it?
How do I deal with my maternal aunt who interferes a lot in my personal life?
Is this a rule that if you care much or are always available to someone, you will lose your value?
What does it mean when someone has no respect for other people's privacy?
How can I avoid falling in love?
Will people judge you if you have no friends?
How do I survive a party when I don't know anyone?
Do friends change over period of time? Why
What are the superficial details about a person that reveal a lot about their personality and character?
Is it acceptable for a 26 years' old lady to lie naked at a sea beach?
How should we judge people with a horrible past?
Why some people try to act so cool by saying that they dont care about anything, but in reality everything bothers them?
How do I find valuable friends?
For those with careers in mental health, has your knowledge helped you or hurt you more at home with your own family?
Why would a man (classmate or stranger passing by in a supermarket) look at me with a blank face?
What can one deduce about the relationship between these two business partners based upon their body language in this picture?
Do social circles in New York cause the problems in the Middle East?
Why are there so many people who hate Intel corporation?
How can I avoid making interview candidates cry?
How do I get to know as much as possible as fast as possible about people?
What are the advantages of discriminating?
Who said that sociologists need to predict human behaviour?
What's wrong with climbing over a row of chairs from behind to get to a seat rather than trying to contort your body past all the seated humans?
I feel that life is flowing around me and I'm losing many opportunities but then again I don't want to achieve anything. What does that mean?
How do you know when somebody knows you well?
My friend's boyfriend is gay, what should I do? Should I tell her?
Do people like others to know about what they are reading or do they like to keep it to themselves?
What would you say to a suicidal person preparing to jump off a bridge?
What traits or actions does society lionize the most?
How do you deal with people who promise you things and then take them back?
How do I tell to other readers that is not right to discuss inside the library even if they just whisper without getting evil?
What would you do if you get compliments about you (style, kindness, etc.) when you usually don't get it?
How can I maintain a conversation for a long period of time?
What makes someone a bad employer/manager, someone I shouldn't continue to work with?
Why do I dislike to share my own work with other people?
Besides good posture and a great smile, what are some tips for projecting positive "presence" when I walk into a room?
How does peoples’s perception (about their friends) affect their friends?
How can you tell if you're ignorant or stupid?
How are non ambitious people happy with a mediocre life?
Is bullshit easy to see through unless a third person just pretends it isn't, or it feeds into many subliminal conventional patterns?
What is the advantage of being an introvert? Are you an introvert? Do you have any friends?
How can I be more outgoing and social? I was recently described as someone who "flies under the radar" and I don't think it was meant as a compliment.
Sometimes I don't feel like talking to my friends, why?
Which psychological principles are useful for understanding the average person?
When the woman wants an abortion but the man does not, what are the socially and morally accepted choices, and are the two answers exclusive?
Why do some men think women at bars are insecure or have low self esteem?
How can Maslow's hierarchy of needs be used with Myers Briggs test results?
Is it ok to be passive aggressive in a text as long as you use a fun emoji?
Why is stereotype accuracy one of the largest and the most replicable effects in all of social psychology?
Can giving someone a lot of things be a form of manipulation?
How can the "people" regain the governing power that should be vested in them, not the political class or the business class, giant corporations?
How do people label someone as weird?
What do you do if others in your social circle try to bring down your social status?
What are unacceptable factors?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and sociopath?
Why do nerd characters in media tend to be portrayed as having stereotypically effeminate manners?
How do I act with considiration of other people naturally?
Where did the hatred of darker complexions originate and why?
Why should everyone conform to the society especially when it's a corrupt society?
Why do we do favors for people even though we don't want to?
Broadly speaking, are "toxic people" those who don't respect your personal autonomy?
Not wanting people to like what I like - what's the name of this thing?
Do socially awkward girls like socially awkward guys?
Am I just being jealous of young kids who drive luxury cars bought by their parents when I despise their bad manners, or is my discontent normal?
Is Attention Deficit Disorder a static or fluid condition? How much does environment play a role?
Is it common to discredit something because it has been misused or misunderstood?
Why do some people seem to think breast size has something to do with promiscuity?
How do I perform the mirror exercise more effectively?
Why do some people love to lecture others?
Why is it difficult for me to care for others?
Why are people always on the extreme edge, of either being too selfish or too selfless?
What's the biggest difference between 'mirrored politeness' and 'mindful kindness' as a way of being?
Why do we need the company of other people?
Is there a Master's programme in Social psychology I can apply to without a background in psychology?
When do you draw the line between being brutally honest and being tactless?
How does the presence of an alpha male leader positively or negatively effect his organization’s culture?
Why do people care about the expectations of the society so much?
Do more people tend to label their exes as narcissistic and how often are they right?
I keep having terrifying visions which involve my ex boyfriend who is a narcissist. These things didn’t happen but they seem so real. Am I crazy?
Why does "every" male talk about football?
Why do i have to stand up for myself?
Why can't I remember most of the basic things people tell me about themselves?
I'm only good at communicating with excellent communicators. How can I get better at communicating with those who are not?
Should you really be nice to everyone?
Can engineers be funny?
What is something that you care so much about that you spend much of your days doing whatever it is?
How can one come out of the inferiority complex?
I don't really miss people when they aren't around, I enjoy being around them and am happy when they get back, Is this some kind of empathy disorder?
Why do some people produce negative vibes or aura around us even if they do not want or mean to do so?
Can one with mediocre (or lower), self-elected standards of rationality impress on the internet and yet prove completely inadequate in real life?
Why do I have a high IQ but yet have an inferiority complex with respect to academics?
What is respect and what is the best way to get it?
Why do so many people care about opinions of others who can't influence their lives?
Is it wrong to not want to associate with people who don’t feel the need to catch-up or keep in touch?
What are some modern examples of non conformity?
Why is Hillary not offering her opinion on many contentious issues as Donald Trump does?
Can a person tell people of his/her own race apart if he/she is not used to seeing them?
What is considered unacceptable in a relationship?
Why doesn't the saying that you should treat everyone like you want to be treated not work in life?
What makes someone become popular?
Does the internet give an effective "advantage" (and in a sense even "safe space") to people who can't keep their appropriate distance from others?
What is your weakness?
Do people care about socio-economic status?
Why would someone be so obsessed with someone that they would want to know what that person is constantly doing?
Why many girls begs people to add them on Snapchat? Why they want others to know about their life?
Which type of people prefer answering questions on Quora more than asking questions? And vice versa?
Why are extroverts more rewarded?
What do you think about The Psychopath's Bible?
Can a contempt application be returned?
How can a 10 years old boy stops defining himself according to his parents' identities and learn to be aware of his personal identity?
Will losing weight make me fit in better and less of a center of attention?
How do I give off a friendly vibe instead of a sexual/lover vibe as a gay person?
Why did I fail the psychological test after I passed the competitive examination with flying grades?
Would repeating parts of a question twice before answering indicate that someone is trying to think of a lie to tell?
What is the difference between conformity and uniformity?
Why do some people want to bully the poor?
Have you ever noticed that men fish for worry from women like women fish for compliments from men? Why?
What is so great about being an introvert?
Is democracy a weaker’s/looser's option?
How does one reduce the amount of herd thinking in society?
Why is it important to tell others you care?
What is more dangerous than people usually think?
What are some great tips to help someone not care what others think?
What are some negative effects of bullying?
What are extroverted teenagers like when they are adults?
I have ADHD. What can I do to not appear passive aggressive?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
How do I let go of the idea that I won't find anyone like him ever again?
Do people care about the first impression?
Have you ever received a really thoughtful gift from someone of the opposite sex?
Should I stay in another country with a full time job but no friends, or go home to friends and unemployment?
Why are most current reality shows about wealthy, vulgar and stupid people only?
How will we detect that a person is psychologically unfit?
Be yourself and don't care what others think. Is it a bad advice?
What is conformity in sociology?
Does my best friend care about me? She always tells me things about her life, but when I do it, she's kinda unapproachable.
What are some effective but morally questionable psychology tricks?
Do you think most people are good or bad?
Are personal conflict and inter-group conflict the same?
Was the protagonist in Sling Blade a sociopath?
Why is it difficult to put one's nation before one’s religion? If religion really defines us as people, then why do we have nations?
How do you determine someone's levels of affective (emotional) empathy?
How can we identify thieves’ body language?
Why doesn’t my 5-year-old stepson want me to teach my 10-month-old son a language that my stepson can’t speak?
Can a person tell people of his/her own race apart if he/she is not used to seeing them?
How would you predict when someone is more likely to change/renew its smartphone?
Is it being unconfident to not be able to ask a woman to be her friend for benefits?
Do you hide anything about yourself? Why?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Do social circles in New York cause the problems in the Middle East?
Why are you so nosy?
What motivate people to socialize or share things with others?
Does Ross Geller (from the TV show Friends) have Asperger’s syndrome?
Is it possible to become brainwashed without giving up one's free will?
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
A classmate enforces my friend to have phone-sex with him. What should she do?
What is the best way for an extrovert to handle/deal with situations where people are not interested in socializing? (I'm an extrovert.)
How does someone become a master of 'social dynamics'?
How does society encourage objectification of humanity?
What are some things or principles that you would not die for but would go to jail for if it came to it?
I'm 14. Why do I prefer talking to adults?
Do you think humans are more or less clones?
How do I determine people's ideology, socially and religiously?
Which myths if busted would hurt your parents?
How different would the world be if we were limited to speak only 500 words per day?
How can mythology relate to sociology and psychology? What are the examples of sociological and psychological myths?
Why are some of the most beautiful and best things in life underappreciated or underrated?
Why do we care so much about being judged on what we wear in public?
If one is honest, is he also authentic?
What are some pieces of life advice you can give to a 16 year old guy?
Why does the cooking lady act sometimes as if her coworker, the cleaning lady, is the boss?
What's the best way for a society to fight ignorance?
What are the available subjects in BSC social psychology?
What are the best research topics on social psychology research?
Are people real?
Why is it socially unacceptable to drink alcohol in the morning?
You're at a party feeling so awkward and so insecure with people dancing and drinking (I don't dance nor drink), what do you do?
Broadly speaking, are "toxic people" those who don't respect your personal autonomy?
How would you feel if you pour your heart out to someone, and they respond with 'K'?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
Can psychology explain social change?
How can I reward good behavior in a classroom?
Should I care what others think about raising my son to respect women?
How do you defeat a passive-aggressive opponent?
What do I do if no one in the group likes me?
How does a immature spouse get along with a mature spouse?
Why did you marry an introvert if you are an extrovert?
What are some ways of dealing with relatives who gossips about you because you are becoming Westernized?
How do I get to be the most chill guy ever?
She likes to have large circle of male friends. I hate it when this extrovert girl acts silly around them now. What should I do?
What are 10 things the United States does better than European countries?
Why do people care so much about their data being sold?
Is their any psychological reason behind why spending time in nature makes people more alive?
Why are most people happy to accept the phrase "that's just the way it is"? Why don't people ask "why"?
Facebook: Why do people "vaguebook?"
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
What are your positives and negatives aspects?
Why do I only feel me when I laugh maniacally?
Why does one participate in one-upmanship?
Why can people be so unforgiving towards individuals who are on their own in social situations?
What was origin of cleopatra complex?
If a woman wants to marry a rich guy, does it necessarily mean she is always a golddigger?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
Is it accurate to say lying is a part of social interaction?
Can I pursue a PhD in psychology after completing a BS focused only on social psychology?
What are the root reason(s) of why people care of what others think of them?
What would conversations be like at Google when Apple has WWDC and vice-versa?
Do people really care what happens to them when they pass?
How do l calm down burning fire of anger inside me and keep quiet?
Do people care when you think they don’t?
How do I convince my stubborn clients on improving their below average project?
Dan Bilzerian and George Clooney are both playboys but one feels different from the other. How does Clooney do it?
Should minors be required to have parental consent for abortion?
If you could manipulate everyone around you, would you do it?
My friends are laughing at and making me feel like almost everything I do is wrong, what should I do?
How can I stop my 5-year-old stepson from bullying my 1-year-old son?
How frequently do you text a female friend vs. a girl you're interested in?
I like to ask why and talk about philosophy and science, am I a boring person because I like deep conversation?
I have trouble breathing when talking. How can I breathe better when having a conversation?
Is it weird that I don't think I could ever be around a guy that messed with me in high school even if we made amends at some point?
What does it mean if a person talks too much about someone?
What are some biggest mistakes that people often make in conversations with others?
When someone is looking at you in a way that you don't like, is it a bad idea to say "What are you looking at?"
Why do so many people not care about real knowledge?
What would you call it when an individual breaks a social norm because the alternative is more in alignment with their autonomy?
What's the best, smartest, kind way I can tell people on my social media to stop sending me invites to join an MLM (multi level marketing) company?
Is it possible to live your life thinking you were an introvert but turn out to be an extrovert or vice versa?
If you happen to be paired up with somebody at work or some group and they seem to need validation (ie they're insecure), how can you meet this need?
Does life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
What are some weird and interesting psychological cases?
Why is the new iPhone 7 protected against water?
What can be said of a person who joins a social group, then leaves, rejoins, then leaves again?
Is it normal that I dislike most people my age?
We are all bad people. Do you agree?
How do I be a happy introvert?
What’s the best way to remain kind and well-tempered when dealing with difficult family members?
How can I be a "social mirror" psychologically?
If someone asked an absolutely, socially unacceptable question in front of a crowd or audience, how would the crowd probably respond?
What is the difference between interfering in someone's personal life vs caring for them?
What does it feel to have vampire fangs?
How have you successfully handled a passive aggressive co-worker or acquaintance?
How do you manage to be your best self when you have an authoritarian mother?
Why do we need confidence?
Why are biracial Asians more likely to be diagnosed with mental illnesses than monoracial?
Why is there such a discriminatory attitude towards slow learners by quick learners and even at times by society in general?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex in academics?
What are some good colleges in Europe to study anthropology, Cognitive psychology and Social psychology?
What will happen if all liquor shops are closed in a country?
Is any aspect of bigotry inherent, or is it all learned from prior generations?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
When you are in a loving relationship and wish to maintain intellectual excitement, what sorts of topics and questions are smart to discuss together?
What are some methods for dealing with people who talk too much?
Why do Liberals care so much about other people's feelings?
What is the definition of a "real man" in the Western World?
How can you tell if you're getting funny looks from strangers or if it just your imagination?
Why some people try to act so cool by saying that they dont care about anything, but in reality everything bothers them?
What is social interaction, and what are some types of social interaction?
Is passive-aggressive behaviour akin to bullying?
Can I not care what people think?
What is the difference among stress tolerance, stress resistance and stress resiliency of humans?
Why do I have trouble remembering things from past? Do I have some illness? What should I do to remember more? (edit: i don't do drugs)
How would social psychologists analyze Donald Trump's victory?
Why don’t people care about the homeless?
Do extremely formal people irritate you?
Can you pay great attention while having a laugh attack at the videos below and then describe what is happening in your head and body at that moment?
How can I completely destroy my whole life and be like you?
If you were to design the algo of automated cars, when it was unavoidable to hit one of two cyclists, one with a helmet and one without, what would the car do?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
What are three things every person wants?
What would be the consequences if someone refuses to drink or join a party?
How can I let my guard down?
What are some examples of approach-avoidance conflicts?
How do Asian cultures view social anxiety?
Is it true that most people are too wrapped up in themselves to care about your mistakes/flaws?
Is bullshit easy to see through unless a third person just pretends it isn't, or it feeds into many subliminal conventional patterns?
I have to work with a narcissistic woman. She always tries to make me look bad. How should I behave and talk to her?
What is the word/phrase in psychology for people who think that the world is as they perceive/see? ("koopamanduk" is the word in Hindi)
How can you tell if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Why extroverts are so adamant & arrogant?
Why do people assume that being a single child, you are more selfish?
How do you live among fake people?
Is it practical to wear neck tie?
Does anyone follow a structured thought pattern to be more aware and confident during social interactions?
Why are people condescending towards introverts?
What is the relationship between climate and psychology?
What do I do when everyone ignore me as if I'm not there, it really hurts?
What are the fastest ways to deal with an inferiority complex and shyness?
How can I free my mind of being addictive?
A girl liked me very much, but she lost all interest and now she isn't so keen on talking to me. What should I do?
What is a truth that nobody wants to admit or doesn't see?
Why do people care so much about being popular or unpopular on Quora when it's merely a platform for learning things and expressing opinions?
Can I marry five women if I love all of them equally and am wealthy enough to take care of them?
How can I stop a person from jumping to conclusions about me?
Why is it that international PhD students hardly mix with white American PhD students in the soft sciences programs with a white majority?
How can one give oneself the right to exist as one really is?
What are some telltale signs of an authentic and compassionate person vs. a person who is faking kindness?
Do gender differences exist in herd thinking?
Why do critiques find the movie "The Edge of Seventeen" so profound when it's as ridiculously unrealistic as a Disney movie?
How do I lessen the impact of my loved ones inevitable deaths?
How does it feel like to be a single mother?
What's the real meaning of the psychology word?
What are my chances for getting a call from IIMs with 98.32%?
Are Zimbabweans socially accepted out there?
Is acting appropriately in social situations a form of lying if my outward behaviors do not align with my private thoughts or feelings?
Do introverts feel drained by interacting on social media?
Why do people care so much about material things?
How hard is it to find real friends? i.e. people that actually care about your well-being.
What can you infer about someone who has more than 2,700 friends on Facebook?
Why do people only care about family not other peoples?
Does messaging on Quora seem cheap or desperate?
What is the most shocking thing someone you know has done on Facebook?
Are most persons passive aggressive?
What are the advantages of discriminating?
How would a man describe feeling protective of a girl?
How do cults convince people to give their stuff to the cult?
Why is wider gaps in suicide rates as function of gender is overlooked?
Why do some people disagree with Gurmehar?
Do you believe there are different races?
If everyone was equal financially, would status monetary status symbols lose all their value?
Is it possible to see past your privilege and actually care about minorites?
What do people who care about the land-base need?
Should I change my friend circle? And if yes, how ?
I work at a cafe where 90% of the customers are elderly. What is an appropriate way to respond if one comments negatively on my tattoos?
Do best friends of opposite genders share sexual fantasies, deep secrets, cuddle and drive an hour to see one another?
You said you're introverted. How do you deal with this extraverted world?
How can I overcome my dependency to social media?
What's something you're not good at that others think is important?
Some people like to think in binary terms, black and white. Why is nuance so hard for them?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
Why are you good at reading people?
How's the society changed, from the time you grew up in to present? Is life harder or easier?
What is the difference between caring deeply for someone and having feelings for them? Aren't they very similar?
Why don't people seem interested in talking to me?
Am I selfish for saying no to social gatherings?
Will sociology graduates get more salary than engineers or doctors after 2020?
What is the first thing that comes to your head when you see this guy in the image?
If a male friend starts overanalyzing your questions, does he like you? Especially if this was a change from his norm?
Would people who support someone's bad behavior privately still continue to do so if the bad behavior became public?
Why do most meetup groups have many members but only a few actually show up?
This guy told me he cheated on his girlfriend of 4 years, broke up a few months ago and got back recently and cheated again. What is wrong with him?
What is the need for superficial socialization?
What is the most efficient ethical way to un-brainwash (very) large numbers of people?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
Does a lack of response mean “request denied”?
What are the bullying colors, and what are they used for?
How do you become an interesting and creative person (How to overcome nervousness in order to be myself) ?
What's the psychology behind certain people liking pop music because it's popular and other people disliking pop music because it's popular?
How do I get my mom to understand that I'm socially awkward?
How can the performance of introverts and extroverts differ in sports?
Why do people think I care when I say "I don't care"?
Why is "cunt" considered so much worse as a swear word than "dick" or "cock"?
How can we make people care more about recycling resources?
Is Islamophobia a made up concept or is it deeply embedded in root level society in the US?
What influence does herd mentality have in Indian democracy?
Why is social isolation bad?
How can I practice mindfulness without meditation?
I'm a really lovable and caring person but I always seem to care more about other people instead of caring about myself. Should I keep doing this?
How can I stop feeling that I am not worthy of love?
Does social status largely affect whether confidence goes up or down with age?
Am I a bad person? Should I be ashamed if my grandma let me stay at her house because I was homeless but then defend myself when she treats me badly?
Why do some people have inferiority complex?
Why do so many people care about opinions of others who can't influence their lives?
As a Christian, if people’s eternities are on the line, why should I care so much about my own security?
What makes someone nonreligious?
How can introverted, individualistic, slow-minded, less-stamina and deeply philosophical people survive in a massively chaotic country like India?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
How come ‘supermodel’ is even a thing?
Why are we so interested in what others think of us?
Why is it OK for my girlfriend to criticize my flaws but if I comment or criticize her flaws I'm the bad guy?
If someone was raised in the exact same circumstances as another, would they make the same decisions?
I know our personality type, INTJ, is often very misunderstood. What are some instances of being misunderstood that bothered/affected your life the most?
Why do many people never care about other’s feelings?
What are some unspoken social rules at school?
A sadistic psychopath is after me. If he manages to attack me, what can I do or say to at least annoy him one last time?
Does sales strategy based on guilt work?
Why is it that when we tell a few people about our plans, they never come true?
How do I learn new things without studying, practicing, reading, seeing, listening or experiencing?
How can one manage his life after being bullied in middle school and high school?
Why does anyone care what others believe?
Who are famous social psychologists working on group behaviour/processes/dynamics at the moment?
Why do many people perceive 30 years old as old?
Will virtual reality increase or decrease tourism?
What are the warning symbols before downfall of a society?
Is bullying foolish?
How do I control my boss mind?
How does one appeal to someone's ego?
What are the habits of a person who is both, an introvert as well as an extrovert?
Is the experience of social chemistry with another person ever one sided?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
Is it something international to care about what people around you think about you?
What is horizontal individualism?
If only 20 questions are available to learn about someone, what should be asked?
Why do humans care about being judged?
How do people label someone as weird?
What does fist fighting say about us as the human species?
Can one remain unsocial in a group?
Does listening to a comedian while asleep make your personality more like theirs?
What are some statistics that are commonly used to mislead people?
Is there any explanation for someone contacting right after thinking of them?
Why is it so difficult to judge oneself objectively as a person?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
My mother is engaged to someone she met less than six weeks ago; the wedding will take place in less than two months. What advice should I give her?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
How can a bar be designed to specifically appeal to introverts?
Is yelling at someone an efficient way to get out to them?
Is the imagination stunted or enhanced with television?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
What do you think of people who march to the beat of their own drum?
I'm getting lonely & desperate for good company but most people I meet only care about alcohol and hedonistic pleasures for recreation. What do I do?
What is Digital Psychology?
Why does the idea of not living seem so good?
What are some reasons a guy would go quiet after a great time together? He was the one who kept stretching the evening longer, why has he gone quiet?
Can video games turn an extrovert into an introvert?
What makes someone unpatriotic?
Are monsters born or made?
I caught my 14 year old daughter stealing money from our family. How should I handle this?
What does it mean when you convince yourself that objects need you?
Why would another guy tap you on the back after using the bathroom as you walk inside the bathroom to use it?
What have you learned in 2016?
What boss or colleague irritates you the most?
What is the most precise way of bearing pain & keeping your dignity at the same time?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Is there a term for the sudden feeling/vision of getting hit in the face by a fast moving object?
How do I deal with my inferiority complex?
How can I stop being passive, fatalist, and resigned at 22 years old?
How can I take revenge on somebody at school for stealing my phone for fun?
Why do I care so much about things that should be unconcerning?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
What is it called when you don't care what people think of you or say about you at all?
Is putting your hands on someone's shoulders a sign of affection?
Would racism be reduced if people cared more about race?
Is it unnecessary to try being extrovert, or is it the need to socialize?
How can I survive being totally isolated from any people?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
How much does "social construct" influence our behavior?
Why don't people care about the feelings and respect of plain looking and physically weak students?
How is it possible for a smart girl living on welfare and in a trailer park to get to Harvard?
What if there is no meaning to life?
How does it feel to be a 'neurotypical' person?
Our family's life is not changing and none of us are achieving anything big. What should we do?
I was trying to help my mother, she misunderstood me and thought I was critisizing her, she get so mad and threatened me. What would make her do that?
Are you ready for anything that life may throw at you?
What is the advantage of being an introvert? Are you an introvert? Do you have any friends?
Why do police officers in North Dakota have no problem injuring peaceful protesters at standing rock?
What are schemas in social psychology?
Do you think he avoids me on purpose?
What book would you recommend on human and social behaviour?
Are teenagers more likely to flirt with a group teenagers they don't know over a group that they do know?
Why do people think so much about others?
Why don’t people admit or say that their hobbies are using Facebook most of the time, or watching TV, or sleeping, or eating, or taking selfies?
What questions need to be asked to detect someone's weaknesses?
Why do some people get mad when you "play devil's advocate"? Isn't it healthy & essential to use counter-advocacy for just about everything?
What are some examples of intimate touch?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
I am Robin and I am a racist! Does that make me a bad person?
What subtle things do psychologists notice when speaking with someone that tips them off that the person is dishonest?
What are some body language postures I should adapt and what are some hacks and tricks to make the interviewer select me?
How do I let go of the fear of finding a wrong partner in life?
Why don't I care what others think, yet I still get nervous about talking to people?
Why do people care about how others think about their richness?
What are memes and themes and what do you know about them?
How do people feel about coming to a new, modern world in which technology is heavily depended on?
How can you stop feeling meaningless and worthless when you don't achieve something important?
Should I go and meet my favorite celebrities despite my social awkwardness?
Is it fair to say that gangs discriminate?
Why do people laugh when I'm most vulnerable?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
Can a person opt into more than 1 stream of psychology? How much can we earn in counselling, organisational psychology, and social psychology?
How can I stop being socially awkward as a teen?
Why do people only care about social issues?
What about you made/makes you a misfit?
How can I naturally be funny and charismatic around people without coming across as awkward/forced?
How can we stop human trafficking and modern slavery?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why do human beings have a duty to obey the law?
Are all good deeds inherently selfish?
Is there a case on Social psychology where there was unethical behavioral issues and how it may have affected people?
How much time can an adaptation for living in the new country like the USA take?
Is it true that we get the same from nature what we really do with others? Tit for tat?
Is it a desperate attempt to hang onto you if they say "I'll change"?
Are people with depersonalization-derealization disorder socially active?
If elite hackers declassified hundreds of conspiracy theories from the Pentagon, what would the public/international reaction be?
Why are annoying people that are talked about often given limitless leeway but not the one talking about them?
How do you define the word "populism" in light of contemporary events?
How do I stop caring about what others think, even if that other is your own mother?
Are there any university studies on Eric Fromm? How can I locate researchers who are studying him?
People are always telling me that I only care about myself, when I care alot. What can I do?
How do I learn to deal with my walls and boundaries as an adult if I was bullied as a kid and am not able to form relationships now?
Why does somebody like to be loved and adored even at the cost of their self respect at times?
Why doesn’t a person give importance when we care about them?
Don't you really care about what others think or say about you?
Why are the people becoming divided on social media according to class, religion, colour, etc.?
Is it a type of OCD if you cannot refuse to answer someone's question that you feel uncomfortable answering?
Should people care what someone personally finds "offensive?"
How has the internet changed the social landscape of the world? Has this created any problems?
Is socialisation simply a state of flow?
Can a person completely lose their personality and only be able to act out one of many possible personalities?
How does being the President of the United States change one? We can see the physical changes but I wonder if this makes them better people?
How do Pakistanis feel when many people from other countries call them 'Pakis' to abuse them?
What is the psychology behind associating cigarettes with art?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Why is it so difficult to find academic or medical sources of the criteria distinguishing shyness from social anxiety and vice versa?
Is it normal for people to ask why you're sweating?
What are your thoughts on the concept that someone with mental illness cannot be a victim of discrimination, because the condition cannot be seen?
What is the best way to learn social sensitivity and self awareness?
What do we call the people who judge or knows a lot about someone?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
There's a clown standing on the corner and he's totally creeping me out, what should I do?
Does not wanting to hit a girl make me sexist?
Why do some communities evoke the supernatural to make sense of morality?
Has someone ever mistaken you for someone else?
What is the actor-observer effect?
How do you not care about what others think?
Why do people use the phrase "that made me smile"? Is that a bid for connection?
Why did Jenny not settle with Forrest Gump even though she loved him?
Will people judge you if you have no friends?
What is the Unicorn Effect?
Why do I have such a hard time believing my friends care about me?
Why is being reserved and introverted in the U.S so stigmatized compared to other developed countries?
Why don't the majority of people care about having a family anymore?
Have you been practicing compassion?
Do most people have kids because of social pressure?
What causes bullying to happen?
Can one be satisfied socially by having only online relationships?
For those with careers in mental health, has your knowledge helped you or hurt you more at home with your own family?
Why does infant or child rape happen? What is the psychology behind this?
Why do we judge when we see someone is weird?
A team of people is left on an island. What psychological tricks can you use in order to be accepted as their leader?
Is it possible to be a "nice guy" and not be passive aggressive about it?
What do you do when someone annoys you?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
Is it possible to ignore your own emotions for a good reason, and if so, how?
What does it mean to be low in affective empathy?
Why would my aunt discourage me from taking a good opportunity whilst encouraging her daughter for the same?
Why is empathy and compassion often seen as weakness?
Do companies care about the fact that some people will never be able to afford their products?
Why do people care so much about Syria war?
How can I make limerence fade away?
Why shouldn't I waste time on girls, and concentrate on porn?
If you only had a choice between being curious or smart-which would you choose and why?
Can you be working class and rich?
Why do people protect, help or defend strangers or the weak without expecting anything in return?
I read an article that men are starved for appreciation, acknowledgement, and affirmation. Do men get hooked on women who offer these to him?
Where can I find online, accurate, and free spatial reasoning tests?
Due to watching porn and 'what will people think', I have difficulty to talk to girls. How can I over come?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
Why do people act violently?
What does your average 31 year old guy think about spending time with a 22 year old girl?
Why have humans not evolved as a rational society even after thousands of years of civilization?
What should everybody know?
Is moden technology ruining human social interaction?
Does increased herd thinking sometimes decrease search costs (in economics)?
How do I know if I am that kind of person who avoids eye contact in a conversation because they are too timid?
Is Attention Deficit Disorder a static or fluid condition? How much does environment play a role?
Why do girls always say they're busy when you ask them out on Tinder?
How can you tell if a man doesn't trust you?
Which question(s) would you ask an individual to get the basic idea about his personality?
What do you think about social media and friendship?
How does one practice being patient with other people?
Why is it so hard for people between the ages 18- 25 to be more self assured than insecure?
I only like guys who aren’t interested or don't know me. What sort of brief psychoanalysis could you make of that? What does that say about me?
If somebody wants to know about psychology, what should be their introduction to psychology, if they were looking to use it and learn about it?
Is being passive a bad thing?
Is it weird that I go out and eat alone at a restaurant?
Is the Facebook addiction making us less outgoing or anti-social?
I am always having lucid dreams and also very clear dreams. Is it normal?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
How did you feel when one of your parents came out of the closet? Or how did you feel as a parent coming out to your children?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
Do bullying happens in Pakistani schools?
What is respect and what is the best way to get it?
How can I become comfortable with interacting publicly online on Twitter?
Have you ever realized you and another person are completely dysfunctional but have great chemistry?
Why do we care about what others think of us, and when we realize the problem, how come nothing changes?
How do guys feel when a girl puts her head on their chest when she hugs them?
How can I change my mentality that makes me believe that I will never be loved by women?
How can I get a girlfriend when I don’t think I’m worth anyone’s time?
When I talk I tend to laugh, especially when I'm nervous. How can I eliminate this habit?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why do people care about suicide?
What's the difference between changing a habit and changing a character?
If I stop eating and drinking now, how long will it take to die?
How do you start a texting conversation with someone you're interested in?
Why do religious people care about only certain things but not other things in Bible?
What does it mean when a girl says, "Yeah, you’re cute, but can I learn from you?" to a guy?
Why is it that when a guy pretends that he is arrogant and cold hearted he becomes more interesting but with girls it's not the same?
Why did the stormtroopers care about hiding the fact that they killed the Jawas?
Is arrogance more attractive than humility?
What are the most dangerous aspects of groupthink?
What is the psychological term that describes a person who compulsively blames others after taking help from them?
How does it make guys feel when a girl says "I would feel safer if you were with me"?
Do I need to be extra nice to the people who project their inferiority complex on me?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Could calling a thirty-year-old man "puppy" be offensive to him?
Should I tell my best friend that I know about his feelings for my girlfriend?
Which ideas of social psychology do the educational system need to grasp?
When should you care what others think of you?
How do I make myself brave? How can I motivate myself to work hard?
Why do we feel like even though people care about Snowden they don't care that much about him?
Rasicm: How can I be more tolerant of other cultures?
How can I be an interesting person that people love and enjoy talking to?
Who hates holiday gatherings and feel drained as an introvert?
Why are awesome women always single?
Is it true that men over 20 almost never experience physical contact with another person during their regular day? Does it affect them?
How do you argue with a millionaire?
Why should I care about how other people feel?
What can I do to overcome my stutter as I am very nervous and shy to the point when in the past I had avoided social interactions outside of school?
How do I overcome inferiority complex regarding my career?
How can I exit any social situation as fast and tactfully as possible?
How can an INFP stop being passive?
What is the psychological and social damage of masturbation?
Is there a Master's programme in Social psychology I can apply to without a background in psychology?
Could you not be more British even if you tried?
I'm introverted and socially awkward, how can I meet a girl if I'm always silent?
How can we control social media?
As a critical thinker, do you have many friends, and how are/were your family relations?
How can I be confident and professional by stop caring about others opinions upon us ,especially when considering and mocking you as a dumb person?
Do girls like to make fun of boys? If so, why?
Am I a vampire if I need blood?
Could a society exists where no has to work and everyone is rich? (thanks to technology like robots)
Why should or shouldn't prostitution be legalized?
Why are my unexperienced classmates able to record videos in a resolution of 2160p?
Is it good to be hardcore, as in a tit-for-tat kind of person?
What are the most effective life hacks?
Why is social status so important? Why does it matter more to some people than others?
What are some known practical benefits of being underestimated?
Are there any objective traits in male or female individuals that would make one of them more desirable to build a new society?
How do I not be socially awkward in small talks?
How can I make somebody pass out without leaving any permanent damage or any clues?
I'm not at all interested in fashion and clothing. Is it normal?
Isn't it a paradox that the universal symbol for doctors and medical science is derived from a deity and a story from mythology?
Why should we care about the privacy of others?
Why does social interaction seem so effortless to everyone I see but me?
Do selfish people really care about others or only about themselves?
Why did my personality change after I isolated myself from the World and how can I reprogram it?
What is bullying for?
Why does it seem like I frequently responded to by being contradicted by people or by them showing me their worst sides?
How did you learn to live with your physical imperfection(s)?
Do societies ever vindicate the people who forewarn them about events that they ignore and deny?
How do I stop envying successful people?
Does China suffer a lot from the bystander effect?
How do I stop forcing reactions?
Why does a man feel vulnerable when a woman surprises him with a gift?
Is there an example of the incidence of an activty actually increasing after that activity has been outlawed?
Which are some of the disadvantages of verbal communication?
How can I get the favor of the superior rich and powerful people?
What are the key traits of mentally strong people?
When scandals become public, do most people continue to support them or do they cut ties?
There is a guy i like but haven’t talked to yet.We live in same apartment. Is it ok to send him an fb request?
What do you think about studying psychology at Oxford? Are there any opinions?
What makes people more inclined towards a certain ideology or philosophy?
How many friends should a man of 30 have?
Which do people prefer - the first bench or last bench?
Should you interview people in your personal life like you interview people for a job to try to determine if they will be a good fit for you?
Can you give me advice on my dating life—it's complicated?
Why do children not care about what other people think of them, and what makes them change when they grow up?
Why do we have financial but not social credit agencies?
How do you show love and kindness to your enemies and people who show disliking to you?
Does arguing about vaccination and vaccination policy share some features with arguing about religion?
is it better to be right or to blend/fit in?
What can be the psychological effects of body shaming?
We have become so touchy in certain areas (for example Muslims, Females) to the extent that we cannot be open out of fear of offending somebody. Why?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
Is it true that a child’s physical health is influenced by the love between the child’s parents?
Why did my aunt choose to discourage my brother?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
What makes someone an Indian?
What serious repercussions can come from leaving a passive-aggressive note on a car that was terribly parked?
How do I know if I'm sick or just lazy?
Why do children play?
Why would a five year old child say that he wants to die?
How is social psychology applied in everyday life?
Why do I care what people think so much? What causes this?
If you could only save one person, would you save someone of your own race or of other race?
How can I cultivate an aura of prestige?
Is this a rule that if you care much or are always available to someone, you will lose your value?
Why is society insane?
What kind of flawed thinking is it when someone says, "I'll get a lot of customers once I advertise on #### website"?
Why is sex considered so private in Humans?
Could a guy be looking at me only because I looked at him?
Does being "thick skinned" mean not having dignity?
Why do people accept biological differences between sexes but deny biological differences between races?
Is it normal for people to feel socially awkward at times?
How often do you swear?
How have cults been started in the past and how could one start now?
Why is acute appendicitis often seen in individual of high social status?
How do I overcome the uncomfortable feeling when it comes to asking for help?
Biologically, what makes people more awkward than others?
Why am I always hearing my name?
What are the most popular new emojis added in 2016/17 and what do they mean?
How do extroverts balance the need for interactions with others, with the need to be able to control some circumstances of their own activities?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
Why don’t people take the time to understand other people?
What do I say to the people that don't care about real life topics?
Can a narcicisst also be an introvert?
My partner is not an affectionate man but is overly affectionate only while we are asleep. Why?
What is the psychology behind psychologists choosing the field of psychology?
How do I deal with popular and arrogant people at school?
Why do people use the "I don’t want this to ruin our friendship" excuse when they decide not to date a friend?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
Is it right to help a friend during an exam?
Could an autistic savant display social aptitude through psychological study, and memorizing body language, micro-expressions, and other social cues?
Why do women often get attacked for their looks when people disagree with their humor or politics?
What is the best way to develop a strong social network?
What is the difference between Criminology and Criminal psychology?
Do you remember when you were young and had a "thing" with a guy or girl you were interested in? What do we call that situation as adults?
Do people not care that our resources are being depleted?
What is the most optimal school class size for the different age groups?
How come people in the USA care about Trump so much but forget about his VP, Pence who is much worse and has way more support?
Is using psychological findings to stimulate people doing as one's wish considered as manipulation?
Why do good leaders end up abusing their powers in high positions?
What is more important, how the creating force of this time-space judges you, or how your contemporaries do?
What causes a 5 year old child to wake up in the morning in a cranky, disrespectful, uncooperative and authoritarian mood almost every day?
What are the advantages and shortfalls of being individual (lonely), in a group and being in a couple relationship?
Why women are underrated in business or in politics?
When did cigarettes become socially unacceptable?
What must one assume or learn to question about social morality to not be a victim of other's dogmas, false ideologies and collective tyranny?
I'm 40 years old haven't had a girlfriend in years. I'm rejected by almost every girl, feeling very low. What should I do?
If you're interested in a woman, should you just start out as friends?
Have you ever had someone in your life who was beyond patient with you? I have never had someone like that before.
Are social evils in the name of 'choice' acceptable & justified?
How has teaching psychology affected your way of life?
What do you think about Donald Trump's shake-and-pull handshake?
What can be the reasons for people who want to enquire so much about others personal affair?
Why is Hillary not offering her opinion on many contentious issues as Donald Trump does?
How can I differentiate between the things which I actually don't want to do and the things which I don't do for other's sake?
I'm always terrified of posting on my Facebook status. What does that mean?
Is it wrong to look for financial status of a marriage partner not just for money but for background, values, mentality & mannerisms?
What are the "social processes" in social psychology?
Why do my friends always go on about me being rich (even though I never and get uncomfortable talking about it)?
Why do guys playfully push and throw things at girls even as adults?
Why should anyone pay a spouse’s bills when he/she sabotaged his/her career by selling trade secrets just because of his/her ego?
What is the biggest lie you know that is almost universally accepted as truth?
Will Facebook one day control our lives?
What do you do when you have a crush on your best friend's brother?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because my parents told me to?
Why would someone be so obsessed with someone that they would want to know what that person is constantly doing?
Is Christianity getting more popular in the west?
What makes someone a liar?
What should one do to let others think about you positively?
Is it bad to be satisfied by Internet socialisation alone?
How quickly do social skills "rot" after a period of little use?
Why is human behavior so unpredictable?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
Is there a single word to describe a relationship between two parties built solely on the mutual hate or distrust of a common third party?
What is the best way to deal with a passive aggressive mother in law?
How can I stop craving male attention?
What's the use of socialization?
What haunts you personally?
Do people really believe in the Bible, the Quran, God, Allah, Yahweh, Jesus, etc.? Or are they just saying they believe for virtue signalling purposes?
How does social isolation affect elderly people?
Could one predict what kind of 'cheap' stance a certain populace or community would take on any given slightly challenging issue or problem?
What is the simplest thing that anyone could do that could completely change society?
What does it mean when a guy texts you regularly in the evening and the morning?
What is the secret to having an amazing social life?
Is division and conflict between people rooted in the creation of divisive groups?
What are the behaviors of strong people?
I have faked a personality for a few years, but now I'm tired of doing it. What can I do?
Can you fix a broken person?
In the face of all the anti-bullying resources nowadays, isn't there anyone defending bullies' right to be bullies?
Should I ask my former master's advisor for a letter of recommendation if he is no longer in academia?
Why did my curiosity for the same gender only start to come about at such a late age?
If someone is irritable, getting only up to three hours of sleep a night, and jumps from topic to topic when talking, what could be wrong?
Are humans really socially intelligent yet?
Is it bad to be a perfectionist, an existentialist, an extroverted introvert, and a highly sensitive person all at the same time?
Do people care about men's issues?
How do I handle unannounced visitors?
What Awdhesh Singh had given back to the society?
Why does a passive-aggressive partner stonewall for weeks on end?
How do you do more than just show tolerance to others who are different from you?
Can you die from social isolation?
How do I deal with social cliques?
Is there a name for this phenomenon?
Why can't I take a joke?
Why are children cared more about than adults?
What's the difference in a passive-aggressive relationship and a narcissistic one?
What is the displacement of responsibility in social psychology?
Why don't people care about asbestos exposure?
How can an inferiority complex affect a person and how can it be overcome?
In what countries do people not care about a politician’s marital status?
How many people would rejoice if you died?
Should the US start paying unmarried women to NOT have babies?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
Why do I think my parents could care less about me?
How can I start being myself & feel confident? How can I stop restraining my personality due to fear of coming off as arrogant and cocky?
Why do we as a society love technological progress but disregard working on social and cultural progress so much?
How do you know when people will be unfriendly to you at a party?
How do you know if you are viewed as least prioritized?
Is something wrong with me if I can't be sad over father's passing anniversary?
What makes the character Deadpool so lovable?
Why do people claim to be Navy SEAL's when they are not (Stolen Valor)?
Why do people push you away if they care about you?
How do I survive college when I'm a bit older than others?
What can you say to comfort someone who broke a bone and won't be able to do physical activity for a year?
How can I determine if someone is interested in me or my money?
What are some behavioral examples of a frenemy?
Did the Aurora shooter have Asperger's Syndrome?
What effects do the GOTG, LEGO and Flash (TV) series, which utilizes extensive references to other pop media, tries to have on their audience?
How out of touch is Pepsi management after such a tone deaf commercial?
Why us human justify our behavior using primitive instincts?
How can I defend myself when people at the place I volunteer are trying to block my performance and stonewalling me?
When men are grinning and their eyes light up when talking to a women, does that mean they are happy to talk to her or is there more to it?
When a woman puts herself in a vulnerable situation with a guy, does he perceive her trust?
What's the most challenging thing as an empath or simply as someone who is highly sensitive?
Is it wrong that I reject those that were not friendly to me in the past?
Why do men roll up their sleeves before a fight?
What are some things I can say or do to make myself seem smart?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
If a guy starts pointing out all of the things you do or say that make him smile, is that a sign of emotional attachment?
How do I reduce or stop ass sweat?
I am a complete beginner. How do you make wine out of fruits at home?
How do we control how people treat us?
Why do I feel so distant from the other people?
Why do people talk more about you in their mind than in person?
What do people do once they realize they are genetically unfit to reproduce?
Can you fix your reputation on Facebook?
Which MBTI types love and hate competitive ball sports?
Why do most women hate men?
How do I deal with a teenager who's been neglected for most of his life?
What does it mean to be confrontational?
What are the social setting which shapes behaviors?
Is an expiration on marriage contracts a good idea?
What must I do when I come across selfish people?
How do I stop caring about how I appear (personality-wise)/what others think about me?
I don't really miss people when they aren't around, I enjoy being around them and am happy when they get back, Is this some kind of empathy disorder?
What is something that you care so much about that you spend much of your days doing whatever it is?
How do I know if a social group is accepting of me?
I feel that I don't care about refugees, bombing and shooting victims and generaly don't care about people I don't know. Am I okay?
Do you think it's right to punish a teen with humiliation? I do it but a lot of parents say it's wrong.
How should I deal with a passive-aggressive friend?
Why is it that the more we care, the more we get hurt by people?
Why do people have patterns of leaving others and then coming back? And how can one improve this?
What is the way by which I can stop being an extrovert?
Can men and women just be friends if they admit mutual attraction?
What are ways to change my personality to save myself from the savior syndrome?
How do you get to where, you don't care what other people think?
What are the similarities between psychology and sociology?
What are some examples of safe spaces?
I want to remove all evidence of my existence. How do I do that and escape?
How can I be more fun and engaging at social events?
Have there been any researches that proved or disproved following statement regarding convincing people to believe certain things?
What was Rousseau's precise opinion about private property?
Is the narcissistic way the best way when dealing with new people, by never showing emotional weakness?
Does Tori Guy enjoy being a bumpkin?
What do you do when someone says you have hurt their feelings and they are starting not to care?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Do you ever feel inferior just because of where you come from?
India does not care about its own slums. Why does India say that India cares about the standards of living of the people in Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
Do people say that there is no need to be accepted by others because they are not so?
What is the best social strategy to defuse a violent confrontation?
Why am I so bad at doing "fun" things?
What is a confident realism?
Am I socially awkward?
What would happen to the world if the emotion of fear suddenly disappeared?
What do you consider sufficient social interaction?
Would it be socially acceptable to not tip in the US?
How can I become an open person around strangers?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
What was the study in the early 2010s which suggested that many social psychology studies were over reliant on samples of students in major cities?
Are New Yorkers really busy and have no time for socializing?
What is distributive justice in the workplace?
How can I avoid the bystander effect?
I have a strong inferiority complex towards profession with high social status and beautiful people. How can I prevent to pass it on to my future kid?
What should be the parameters to rate a person?
Considering the outcomes of the Milgram experiment, what can be the best framework for an efficient institution?
As a Muslim, have you encountered Muslims who abuse the concept of taqiyah?
Why is judging people so bad?
Why are some people so callous to others?
Do the liberals that articulate the most inconsequential component(s) of an argument to be annoying or are they literally that stupid?
Is feeling lonely a type of emotional disorder?
What are the consequences of being sarcastic around people?
Have you ever felt an inferiority complex in MBA colleges like IIM, XLRI, or SP Jain where people around you were just better and smarter than you?
Do you find the tweets of the United Nations during holiday season offensive?
Why do many people get annoyed with conformity?
When is it appropriate to use ghosting in online social situations?
Why don't people care about constants other than π?
What makes someone a Goth?
Why do some people criticize other people for mourning about an incident and not mourning about countless others around the world?
Is there any smallest denominator which we can use to save the world?
What is the best way a person can get rid of his limiting beliefs?
Do you think introverts actually want to be extroverts?
Why does Google honour Abdul Sattar Edhi today?
How far would you go if someone call you names?
What criteria (if there is one) do you use to judge whether somebody is smart or not?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
Why do people care about other countries? We shouldn't feel bad for our enemies.
Why are millennial women so passive aggressive?
Why don't Indian people care more about the environment in their country?
Prostitution and spying are considered as the oldest professions. What does this say about us humans?
Why do some people identify with labels of all sorts?
How do psychologists and sociologists view social issues (e.g. crime, violence, conflict or terrorism) differently?
Is it normal to imagine killing someone when you are angry?
How do you loosen up before a socially challenging event?
What are the fundamentals of Stoicism and how does it affect social interaction?
Is it more psychologically damaging if a child grows up with a father who is emotionally absent and abusive rather than growing up without a father?
Is it possible to be self absorbed but still care about others?
Should you tell someone close to you, everything that happens to you?
I am looking for the name of a historical woman who carried sick newborns around and their health improved dramatically. Do you know her name?
Do sensitive people have trouble being persuasive and/or direct?
Why do we as people only care when someone in the first class dies? People don't care when people in a poor country get killed?
What are some ways to spot a homeschooler?
How do I find valuable friends?
Where does the energy for motivation come from?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
How can you tell if you're needy or normal?
How can I avoid making interview candidates cry?
What is your definition of weirdness, in other words when you would call somebody weird?
What should be done when you get to know that your 13-year-old brother not only watches porn but stimulates this idea within his friends?
What does it mean when I can read other's emotions but I don't actually care about them?
Are intuitive people less consistent?
What does intimacy mean and how important is it in our lives?
How does an Indian man tamper with a woman's self-esteem?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
Should you help people who are selfish?
What's the psychology behind people who turn every conversation towards a particular political or social issue?
Why do people treat you good when you are rude to them and treat you nasty when you are nice?
How do I overcome inferiority complex of having less knowledge about weak subject?
How can you tell if someone might enjoy playing video games with you?
At what age does it become socially acceptable for a guy to dine alone at a restaurant?
My girlfriend doesn't have friends. How should I deal with it?
Does facing adversity make you more sensitive to the suffering of others?
What are the most compelling examples you have of "be careful what you wish for, you just may get it"?
Young people often argue that they don't hide sth illegal, so they don't care about surveillance. Why don't they value non-illegal privacy more?
What do you think would happen if someone lived with little to no contact with people starting after the age of 18?
Are more people passive aggressive in the service professions?
Why doesn't someone make an affordable .405 WCF?
How do I build a team if I'm surrounded by people who only care about grades?
Is it weird that I developed the habit of telling myself what others think of me, even though I don't care about people?
Is it okay that I try not to care what people think about me?
How can I stop feeling like people don't actually care what I have to say?
Do people with low self esteem and insecurities become targets?
I'm surrounded by limited thinking and lazy people. I've become one as well. How do I get out of this situation?
Over the years I've taken many tests and always come out as ENTP, how can I improve or enrich my life by knowing this?
Will hurling harsh abuse at my dad whenever he has a cigarette help him to give up smoking?
What would be the social and psychological implications of "training" a whole population (of a country) to repress their emotions?
I'm an introvert, and see social interaction as tiring, and sometimes, a waste of time. How do I enjoy social interaction more?
Why do people care so much about left handedness?
What are your observations about the psychology of "Flat Earth" believers?
What should I do if I care for others and they do not care for me?
What is one original thought that you have had that could change the world or even just the life of another but that you've never spoke or shared?
Psychologically, do people prefer to see smaller numbers go up (1,2,3…40) or larger numbers (1000, 2000, 3000…40000)?
Should I be offended if someone doesn't feel comfortable with me because I am not a 'visible' person of color?
What level of technological progress could be necessary in order to functionally dispell organized superstitions?
How do restaurants use psychology to manipulate our spending and eating habits?
How can I improve my perspective in life when it's been terrible since day one, and all I know are pain, abuse, and the manipulation of others?
When should you be proud?
Why do people make such a big deal out of the advent of a New Year?
Who is more vocal with their views, INFJ or INFP?
How do I deal with my maternal aunt who interferes a lot in my personal life?
What is cognitive hypocrisy? What type of cognitive bias causes hypocrisy in a person?
Why do so many supervisors and managers talk to their staff as if they are 10-year-olds?
Is being introvert for men and extrovert for women wrong?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
How does a girl respectfully point out a man is in the wrong without making him feel shame?
Why don't we know how to be people?
Do I need to care about what others think about myself?
How do I avoid prejudices and stereotyped thinking?
What can one deduce about the relationship between these two business partners based upon their body language in this picture?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
What is the reason behind social comparison, especially over social media platforms? How can one overcome the need to compare?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
Why should I care about the opinions of strangers?
Why do people look down on those in economical distress? This can be homelessness or just unemployment.
Why do many of my old friends start to avoid and ignore me, after I clearly declared that I am taking full responsibility for my own life?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
I don't like people, what should I do?
What disorder includes: must be right, too honest, hyperfocus, high energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, and logical?
What's something people have belittled you for caring about?
What is your one secret or mantra that would help me to succeed in anything?
Do you agree with all of these points on the nature of mankind?
What was your experience of arguing with a narcissist like?
How do teenagers change psychologically between 16 and 18?
Why aren't we mad at the specific people involved in the United Flight 3411 incident (man forcibly removed from overbooked flight)?
Have you ever returned to your ex after a while since he/she broke up with you because of misunderstanding/fear?
I am doing a social experiment for school. Which pant leg do you put on first when you get dressed and which is your dominant hand?
What are some examples of internalisation conformity?
What makes being stubbornly loyal a character flaw?
If love and companionship are basic human needs, then aren’t we with people just because they satisfy these needs?
Does your wife complain about you watching porn?
What are your favorite internet communities that have made an impact in your life?
Why do Indians love helping foreigners? Is there any psychology behind it?
I know that my best friend treats others better than me. Why do I not care?
What are some of the best relationship advice for men?
Why does somebody know you for 2 seconds and call you shy?
Why does Cristiano Ronaldo have more fans than Lionel Messi, even though everybody admits that Messi is the best player?
How do you know if a platonic relationship is toxic or if you just have differing opinions?
Why do people care about the size of their genitals?
Unable to make eye contact with people due to Chalazion on my eyelid. How or why should I make them understand it's not a sty?
Am I just being jealous of young kids who drive luxury cars bought by their parents when I despise their bad manners, or is my discontent normal?
How long should I wait for a reply email?
Am I objectifying men if I took a picture of a really attractive man to show my friends?
What do you think of people who constantly apologize?
Why do people often misrepresent themselves (unintentionally) on their social networking profiles?
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
What will be the advice if you have to advise yourself now?
My 16 year old daughter keeps on screaming and swearing at me even though I haven't done anything bad to her. Can someone help me stop this?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
Security updates piss me off badly. Do you have any advice?
What is the trend of basicity order in a group? Sometimes it's said to increase, and sometimes decrease.
Is it acceptable to lie to someone with a bad temper in order to avoid conflict?
What is the best way to manage the hedonic treadmill?
Why did my wife’s biological mother ask me why I wanted to marry my wife? Is it because she is crazy?
How can a male teenager of 18 years old become mature?
What is the psychological reason behind "Gloomy Sunday" being so depressing?
What is the difference between Communication Studies and Social psychology?
How do I stop feeling like everyone hates me at my new job?
Is there ever a legitimate reason for adults to communicate only through passive aggressive social posts?
What can be said about a person who says he can do things but in reality cannot?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
When did you first stopped caring about what others think of you?
Are there some recent examples where a society was shamed into changing its values and collective behavior?
Is it wrong to ask the question "Is this a good thing or is this a bad thing?"
Does someone who never experienced a certain type of adversity able to emotionally empathize with the victims of that adversity?
Is masculinity dead?
Why do some people care too much about their self image while others don't?
Why do some people get annoyed & consider you stupid or accuse you of asking "stupid questions" whenever you ask questions?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
Why do 3rd world country people care so much about stealing?
How do I deal with people who want to use me all the time and only reach out to me when they need something?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
What has always been your paradigm about love relationship between men and women?
I'm socially awkward and I feel socially rejected from my peers. What can I do to improve my social life?
What is the difference between social psychology and counseling psychology?
How do women treat men they dislike but have no choice but to meet as they are relatives or family members?
Why do some people turn into savages and become aggressive and irrational when they are confronted with things they don't like?
Why do I feel like the cleaning maid wants me to leave my parents house and go live somewhere else?
Why do some people look like they belong in a certain social groups?
Should I tell my classmates about this opportunity even if it means i'll be indirectly telling my enemy about it?
How do I avoid getting manipulated if I'm planning to post online an in-depth analysis of my value system?
What social skills do Millennials lack or need to improve on?
Is it ok for a 30 year old man to spend a significant amount of time alone with a 21 year old girl if he thinks she's too young for him?
Why do some people think it is okay to fake having a disability?
Why do people generally laugh when a female punches a man, but as soon as the man punches back they all rush in to stop the fight?
How do I know what I should care about?
What kind of GIFs and emojis do you wish existed but don't yet?
Why don't I want to do anything in life?
How do I get rid of the fear of what other people think and say about me?
What do you think of those people who hate themselves?
What are some controversial questions about forgiveness?
What makes you believe you are contrarian? And how do you avoid the herd mentality?
How is the way you perceive yourself different from the way others perceive you?
How does one put aside one’s ego for the comfort of a relationship?
What do other people do that you don't do?
How do I get the man I need?
What's the relationship between mentalization and mental model?
What can I do about my embarrassment with loneliness?
How can I stopped feeling and believing that I am nothing at 22 years old?
Can extroverts be shy around the person they like?
What makes someone seductive?
Why, when looking down on someone for not meeting their standards of dress, do they say they "could have made an effort"?
Are humans social because of biological or sociological reasons?
Can people entertain ideas without believing them, or do ideas slowly convince your mind to accept them as true?
What can I do when my sister doesn’t treat me the way I deserve and need?
What are some reasons I should stay alive?
What issues do adult children of narcissists face, and how can they over come them to lead a healthy life?
How do you know if you should give someone another chance in your life?
Do you think future generation English speakers will have improved or degraded grammar, punctuation, and articulation skills?
Why does the saying “familiarity breeds contempt” come true almost always?
Is it so hard to see positivity in every people?
Why do some people think that war and unnecessary violence would solve a conflict?
Will people dislike me if I'm not very self confident?
How can I hang out with Bill Gates?
How can I be an unfeeling person?
Why are there so many men who choose their jobs over families?
Is it unreasonable of me to ask my boyfriend to take down photos of his daughter at birth as I'm pregnant with his second child?
Why do people often care about looks over personality?
Can someone be deprived of physical (platonic) intimacy with others? If so, how would "touch deprivation" be treated?
How do I get over the fact that I almost lost my job?
Why is it so difficult nowadays to find a conservative, religious, nationalist girl?
How often does the term 'womanism' get misinterpreted by non-feminists as a term for female chauvinism?
Why does unspoken approval exist in some relationships and not others? What does it mean about that relationship?
In the movie "Good Will Hunting" Do you think the ending was right or wrong? Why?
I'm a grade 10 students who fell inlove with grade 7 student. and vise versa. Is it fine or should I stop?
Are some things better left unsaid?
Does fear of social rejection effect individuality?
Should I reply to a Snapchat sent by my ex?
In the long-run is it better to deal with bullies by practicing nonviolence or standing up to them and risk reprisals?
What would be the consequences if greed was completely eliminated from mankind?
Why do people force themselves to purchase a newer smartphone despite the old one still works perfectly fine?
What are some ways to get people to like you, if they currently do not?
Could not being hugged or told that I'm loved for two years affect me for the rest of my life? I'm aware of being skin starved.
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
Do misanthropic topics attract more traffic or audience in internet?
What are common personality types of Russians?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you after doing a good deed?
How do I adapt to the new culture and the environment?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
What makes someone ask about someone else when they have already spoken to them?
Most people want to stay in the favor of an (apparently) powerful/influential person, irrespective of the role in terms of positive or negative. Why?
Have you been shy before but one day decided not to anymore?
Why are people always on the extreme edge, of either being too selfish or too selfless?
What are the similarities between games, religion and corporate?
How can participants benefit from diary studies?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
My dad is acting very passive aggressive and on edge to anyone in our family who annoys him. What should we do?
How can I have a trivial conversation?
How do I stop envying men who have success with women?
When you talk to your own self, have you ever listened?
How do I handle other people's opinions?
Why do I care so much about my impression?
Do you have any tips and techniques from a superior person to get work done?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
What is being mature for a 22-year-old man?
Which professional should I see for personal general advice?
Does the word "please" after every question make it better?
Has the "herd mentality" of humans ever caused you to have a negative experience?
Is psychiatry a front for capitalism?
Have you been attending church and fellowships without ever feeling the need to become baptized? Do you question why others get baptized but not you?
In group dynamics, how would you stop a leader who uses the group's fear to control it?
Is there an age or social status at which it is no longer OK to accept used clothes?
What is the purpose of someone telling you that things you have done or said made them smile?
Do you test people to see if they care about you, before doing something for them?
What is social psychology? What exactly is the work of a social psychologist?
Why do people use the bathroom for every dirty thing?
Has society always had insecure girls?
For someone not used to the city life, what things should I keep in mind while socializing with others?
The guy I like told me he loved me while he was drunk. What does this mean?
What do you think about herd mentality?
How could I lower my expectations of people?
Are haters productive for society?
How can I worry less about others thoughts?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
Are there any great books that speak, specifically, on how not to be passive aggressive?
What is the greatest persuasion tactic to use?
Putting all politics aside, is there a psychological explanation for so many angry, uncontrollable outbursts resulting from the election?
How has social media ruined our inner soul?
After 3 weeks on my antidepressant, some days I'm happy and social and others I am sad and antisocial. Why does my mood keep shifting every day?
What percentage of people practicing any religion are true believers and not following it as a ritual out of fear of being ostracized or victimized?
Why are Indians out of other races, care so much about status and social class?
I'm financially unable to move and I hate where I live; what can I do to cope with being here?
What are the questions to help me screen any woman quickly?
What do you do if others in your social circle try to bring down your social status?
What can you tell about a person's level of intelligence from their facial reactions and microexpressions?
How can I approach women if I have no interesting things to offer or to say?
Why does a person become angry and agressive if you tell him that he is not sincere and doesn't love me?
Is it better to act like Ezio from Brotherhood or like Gandhi? What are the perceptions and advantages of either, including influence and likability?
What is the best school for a PhD in social psychology?
What is the black bloc?
Would introverts like to be extroverts?
Have I been betrayed due to my own way of reaching out by helping those who seemed isolated?
Do you think he meant this comment as an insult?
Can people Differentiates between shyness and arrogance?
Do people care about what is going on around them?
Why do I still care about people that underestimate me?
How can I make friends in 2nd year college Btech?
Why do some people not care about how the other person looks like when dating?
Which people have the highest social status among our society?
Why am I the only one suffering in my family, but they think everything is fine?
What are some examples of social mores in psychology?
Why do some men choose to marry women who do not bring much to the table apart from their looks?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? Friends do this occasionally when it’s funny, but he does it all the time.
Is it true that Bernie cares about helping ordinary people while the rest of Congress mostly care about their own wealth and position?
How should you introduce yourself in a way that'll make people care who you are?
When a guy tells you to make him smile, is it a bid for connection? Why do people do this?
What are the benefits of people who treat each other with respect?
What would young people say that they care about if we asked 26,000 of them?
What is one problem affecting a large group of people that could be solved within one week, only through organizing via the Internet?
Is it good that I force myself to talk when I have no desire to speak at all?
What will be the social consequences of marrying a divorced girl? How society is gonna portray my image?
Is it wrong to not want to associate with people who don’t feel the need to catch-up or keep in touch?
What are some good arguments against bullying?
A friend of mine was banned from a bar that we would frequent together. Why is he attempting to prove himself now?
What do you think about the fact that I rarely think about school when I'm not in school?
What's passive aggressive tendencies?
Who said that sociologists need to predict human behaviour?
Is 5"9 short for a 23 year old man?
What are the true signs of Introverts?
While there are many dangerous cults, are there any that are not dangerous?
Is everything fundamentally sexual?
Why do people try to impress and spend time with someone when the other person is showing no interest at all? More information in the details.
A girl told me that she had a boyfriend, and then the next day she told me she was just kidding. What was that all about? It was kind of random.
Does knowing social psychology gives you an advantage?
What would you do as a girl if your former boyfriend threatens to kill or injure your current boyfriend because of jealousy?
How predominant is internalized racism within people from East Asia (Korea, China and Japan)?
How does a person stop being so naive and believing what everyone says (gullible)?
How do I manage with roommates (stranger) if you are sharing room away from hometown?
Does ASPD make you lonely?
Why should I offer my seat to a pregnant woman?
Is it wrong to put studying before people?
I’m ugly I like the cute girl but she doesn't like me, but there's a not my type girl who likes me, should I just go with her to not be alone forever?
Could the reason that I unknowingly get close to and in relationships with females that have mental illnesses be that I have a mental illness myself?
Why are people so much harder on other people?
How can someone who's not "a success" associate with successful people, when successful people do not want unsuccessful people around them?
How long does it take for someone to show their true personality?
Am I a bad person for not always helping other people whenever I have the chance to?
How do you know someone is lucky?
What was lacking or excessive in how your parents raised you and how does it affect you today?
Why are people so easily offended by anything?
Why do people feel lonely even when married?
Do you find that intelligent, beautiful people, are more scorned than admired?
My sister suddenly starts crying, what shall I do?
Will we buy more stuff simply because we have the space for it?
Why do I like to go from zero to one hundred?
How much and in what ways does social conditioning affect the libido of women?
Should someone admit that he/she is an introvert?
How do I avoid overreacting and getting angry and frustrated when discussing with other people?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
As a social psychologist, how do conversations usually feel with other people? Do you analyze everything they say/do and base your responses on that?
Why are people in the West so intelligent and smart compared to people in East?
What do you feel like if you are ignored by others? For example, you think you are great enough, but actually nobody cares about you.
If I had to learn everything about social interactions while growing up, what does it tell about me or the way my mind works? (and good with pattern)
Why do some people want a leader who is a peer, “like them" enough to be a drinking buddy, rather than one who is better, smarter, more skilled, etc?
Is there a limit to social progressiveness?
What is the term used to describe someone who pretends to know about psychology?
We say that we don't care what others think of us, but isn't everything we do for others?
Is it possible for women to initiate conversation with a guy?
How do I stop getting intimidated by someone due to their size, physical appearance, social status or social rank?
Does being introverted have much to do with not wanting to have sex that much?
Do you think that those popular teenagers who pretend that they are cold-hearted are acually cold-hearted or do they just want to appear interesting?
What are must known psychological and sociological theories that every marketing professional know?
Should men with Asperger's who want to date women work on their looks more than on their social skills (which can't be improved)?
How can someone stop pretending to be someone he is not at 23 years old?
How can one be selectively social?
What are some ways to become more well versed in today's political and social events?
Why do people worry so much about other people's opinion of themselves?
Is the "I'll show you you're wrong" mindset/attitude the same as caring what other people think of you?
What is the difference between low self-esteem and inferiority complex?
My weekend lover FWB is beginning to get passively aggressive when I tell her I can't hang out. How should I end this?
Are social dynamics complex?
Should modern society be criticized for being materialistic?
Why do I feel extreme laziness and reluctance towards socializing?
What makes someone assertive?
How do I punish myself for lying? How do I stop?
Why cross culture communication more and more important in modern social?
If someone were to give you a billion dollars on an agreement that you build a weapon that could cause a massive genocide, would you do it?
Why do people judge other people?
How do we eliminate mistrust among east and west?
Do men need social connection as much as women?
Is it normal to become socially withdrawn after moving to a new job?
Why do some people suffer a lot more than others?
Two people are in a room, and you are told that one of them has to die. What five questions will you ask them in order to choose which one lives?
Is being nice no longer acceptable for Americans. Would people rather be jerk?
How do you stop feeling bad when people give you funny looks or stare?
If someone is 75% European, 15% Native American, 8% West African and 2% North African - Would you consider them white or mixed?
When women consistently don't make eye contact with me, it makes me feel that I’m not someone worthy of acknowledgement. Is this feeling justified?
Why are most academics not very friendly?
What makes one person funny and another not funny?
How will a mature 30-year-old girl behave?
What should a person do if they develop inferiority complex even with slightest failure?
How would you build up a network of relationships from scratch? How would you find and reach people and what qualities are needed to do this?
Is it okay to send my supervisor a message wishing her a good holiday?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How do I stop caring about what others think and say?
I always don't have a lot to talk about and that makes me feel others don't like me. What's going on exactly with me?
What are some experiences of people changing personality in a complete 180?
Do you think that Trump supporters tend to respond to gut feeling more than reason?
What is the closest real-life scientific equivalent of 'studying the magic of friendship'?
Why is multiculturalism good?
What would happen if you put some people in a closed room and tell them only the last survivor will leave?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
What does it mean when someone has no respect for other people's privacy?
Why do people care about their careers?
How can I be true around women and stop being too nice and passive?
What are some of the most common examples of conformity in everyday life?
Are genius people socially awkward?
How do you deal with passive aggressive people and those who are trying to tear you down?
Would you rather be yourself and nobody likes you or not be yourself and everybody likes you?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
What's the attitude men are attracted to the most when they flirt with female sex workers, submissive or dominant?
Why do I find some people annoying for no reason?
Is it wrong to not care about other people?
Why do people care about not hurting others feelings?
What makes a person interesting?
Can trying to be congenial to others upon meeting them be misinterpreted as kiss-assery?
Is it safe to assume that there is a hidden hypocrite in every person?
Are vast sweeping social changes in the U.S. not going to happen quickly until it starts affecting whites and/or the upper class?
Why does this girl at school ignore people?
Why do you think people usually hardly withstand the not very comfortable truth about them or their actions?
What if we as a society become desensitised to beauty?
The woman I am dating is attractive, kind, and well off. I am afraid to take it further because I feel like I cant compete. How should I look at this?
What are some unspoken social rules and conduct that we have been following so far, and how will they change in the coming years?
What it is like to be at home for long if you are doing nothing?
What would you do if you get compliments about you (style, kindness, etc.) when you usually don't get it?
How do I deal with this particular teacher?
Is it wrong to lie and let people 'hear what they want to hear'?
Is there any possibility, an emotional intelligent person to face psychological kind of problems?
How do you offer compassion to someone who doesn’t seem to deserve it?
What makes someone a bad employer/manager, someone I shouldn't continue to work with?
Is love still relevant in our modern and globalized society?
What things are just not worth the effort?
Why should social psychology be taught in school?
Do convulsions make people have psychological/social problems?
Why do I always want physical affection, despite having a loving family?
Why are people savages?
Why do people care what other people think?
How do you flirt when you're socially awkward?
I talk and I'm really good at it. I can get the most introverted of introverts to feel comfortable and open up. How can I capitalise on this?
How do you know if you have intellectual chemistry with someone else?
How can I forget about being neglected and abandoned in childhood and have a good self-esteem?
When someone loses their will to live, does that mean they will die?
Do INFPs tend to be more judgmental than others perceive? Do they like to gossip/ to criticize people?
From a highly introverted person, I'm transforming into a very extroverted one. Will I miss my old self?
How can I be more outgoing and social? I was recently described as someone who "flies under the radar" and I don't think it was meant as a compliment.
When the woman wants an abortion but the man does not, what are the socially and morally accepted choices, and are the two answers exclusive?
How do parents deal with their passive-aggressive children?
Why is stereotype accuracy one of the largest and the most replicable effects in all of social psychology?
Every spring, I feel sad for no apparent reason. What could be the reason, and what could I do about it?
How do I make a living without ever going outside?
Why are foreigners helping us Bangladeshis but our own people don't care about our country?
What is the most effective way to bring new ideas into mainstream politics?
Are more Muslim youths in Kosovo becoming more religious?
Do most people sometimes have much more cash on them than at other times?
Why do the Bajrang Dal people become so active on 14th Feb and start caring about the country's culture so much? Why is no action taken against them?
Can one's intelligence be detrimental to social relationships?
How did the Dutch greet each other in the 1950s?
How do I not lose faith in kindness when everyone around me is so cruel?
How much socialization should I get so as to prevent negative effects of social isolation?
What would be a good title for an (adult-oriented) cartoon about a socially awkward man?
What are some other good ways to experience the magic of life similar to skydiving and zero gravity?
Why do so many people on Quora like to explain exactly how to do their type of business?
What are some useful tips to control your negative thoughts, when you are in situation where people treat you low and talk bad about you in the back?
What makes cars attractive?
Is it unethical to have sex with your previous psychiatrist? What do you make of this? All people are human right?
What do we learn from research in social psychology?
How do I deal with discouraging people?
As someone who is a classic introvert, how can I expand my social network?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
How do you quickly assess someone's desires?
Why do people tend to label themselves?
Do people care about themselves more than others?
Is it silly to offer someone help that you yourself cannot achieve?
What makes someone European?
How do I deal with socially awkward boyfriend?
What do I do when my friends don't want to watch a movie that isn't from Hollywood?
Why do people hurt others and enjoy it?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
What should you never try in life?
Why most of them speak about others?
Can people in numbers be more easily manipulated? Why?
Should people with personality disorders be held responsible for their behavior?
How can I judge people from their behaviour?
How can I maintain a conversation for a long period of time?
Why are some people just popular?
Should you care about people around you respect you or not?
Why do we sometimes get attached to people who treat us badly?
Why did you choose to post/not post your picture on your Quora profile?
Why do right wingers think people are insulted by being called Social Justice Warriors?
Why are narcissists hypersensitive to even mild criticism?
How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed about being associated with being wrong?
If social manipulation might have led to the US electing Trump, should we also question the results of down ticket races?
Why have I been having very strange, vivid dreams that don't make sense ever since I lowered my antidepressant dose?
What are best techniques for handling a difference of opinion?
Is being attracted to intelligence a call for social mimicry?
Why doesn't the Adverse Childhood Experiences test include childhood bullying from peers?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt ask me what I find attractive about my wife and tell me that she considered my wife ugly?
How can we get people to see past their own personal interests (particularly financial interests) and think about the collective interests of a group?
Should one always stand up to a bully regardless of the odds?
Why do people claim that all Asians look alike but they never claim the same about Africans (of certain parts)?
Why are smartphones good for youngsters?
What are reasons a person would not be courteous enough to move out of the direct path of an individual?
If a girl tells me to stop, should I?
Should I care what people think about my appearance?
Is saying "I'm pessimistic" considered pessimist by itself?
What are some reasons a man would avoid eye contact with you?
How can I get more attention when I speak?
Do you ever use a pet name for a female friend?
What are the social dynamics?
How do I deal with feeling intimidated and embarrassed when learning something new?
What are some tips to use your mind better in conversations?
How effective is psychological first aid to people affected by traumatic situations?
How do I deal with people who won't take no for an answer?
How can people accept to express their own choices, take responsibility for them and stop looking for validation?
Why do people care so much about IQ scores?
Why do people obsess with other people, particularly people who aren't affiliated with them?
Do you believe in the concept of the Evil Eye?
Why do Indians care so much about social status, reputation and what other people think about them?
How do I debate with someone who says, “women dress up sexily is indistinctly for men, if there were no men in the planet, women won't dress up sexily”?
If you are a person whose friend committed suicide in the past, how do you feel now?
Why are people so concerned about other people’s looks?
What makes someone have a punchable face?
How do you overcome ethnic or religious bias and have a successful dating life?
How do you know someone's true personality?
How can an introvert make a speech while fully optimizing their qualities specific to introversion?
Is it possible to actually be addicted to the thrill of doing something I shouldn't be doing?
What is your worst experience when nature called?
Are people more or less likely to engage in pro-social behaviors when it is anonymous?
Is sivananda gurukulam a safe place?
What is it like to have a socially awkward child?
How do I get to know as much as possible as fast as possible about people?
Why do a lot of people only care about themselves nowadays?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Is it cool to be a racist today?
What are the advantages of conformity?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to travel with him?
I'm 18 and haven't had a girlfriend, what should I do?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
Do Europeans have double standards?
Are there some people who just call themselves as introverts to get attention?
Do you feel like texting someone right before you fall asleep is intimate? Why does this feel so significant to some people?
How do you lie effectively?
What are signs that a lady is willing to share her bed with you?
What is social distance?
What are the negative effects of bullying?
How can you tell if you're ignorant or stupid?
What is "intimacy" in Maslow 's hierarchy of needs?
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
What's wrong with society nowadays?
Why do people only care about themselves nowadays?
Should I turn in the same work?
My family keeps asking why I'm mad, but the reason why I'm mad is because they won't stop asking why I'm mad. How do I get them to stop?
What does social psychology impart to us?
What does the field of psychology think about the Romantic period and its values?
What skill comes easily to you while extremely hard for others?
Why is so much attention given to drama?
What do you do if your so called close relatives are not your well wishers but you can't cut them out of your life due to social or cultural reasons?
What is the psychology behind a person who is uncomfortable around you when she is alone but acts very friendly with you when she is with her friends?
Is it normal to not explain your feelings and reactions unless prompted?
Why do people care so much about rotten tomato reviews?
What are some specific social actions that increase oxytocin and does this measurably benefit us? If yes, how?
Why are people so different through email than they are in person?
How can I get rid of the victim mentality that I have since childhood?
What would be your psychological analysis of Light Yagami from Death Note?
What can you do when you start to fall out of caring for someone?
What is the relationship of psychology, anthropology, and sociology to education?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
He is trying to say he is sorry by his actions but why is it so difficult for my younger brother just to apologize?
Concerning online presence, what are the motivations that make someone wants to share personal details about their lives ?
If I can scientifically prove that gayness is a psychiatric disorder, will I be awarded the Nobel Prize?
Does lack of social life harm intelligence?
Why does it take time to process in your head that you've been betrayed?
How has your frequently moving homes/geographic locations as a child affected your life?
How do I deal with a socially awkward relationship?
Does being in a relationship increase your social status?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
Is it possible to get a PhD in Social psychology or sociology as a designer?
Would you rather have the "perfect" appearance and be charismatic, or be extremely intelligent, creative and slightly socially awkward?
Does low life satisfaction correlate with anti-establishment views?
What would be the psychological and social effects of a world without privacy?
Is it ok to ask out my friend’s cousin? She’s a hot girl.
Why do some people prefer emotional exuberance than intelligence?
Why doesn't the saying that you should treat everyone like you want to be treated not work in life?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
What causes hybristophilia?
Why do people often care more about 'intelligence' than effort?
What should I answer if someone asks "Are you new to this city"?
Why are extroverts so insecure?
Were you a bully in school?
Is there any axiomatic model for the games people play in human relationship?
Why are so many people so anti sex?
Why do some people think it's impossible for white people to face racism and discrimination?
Why is it that this guy I know sees the need to call me by my middle name?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
How do I become the dirtiest manipulator and liar?
Is it appropriate to practice in front of a mirror aiming to fix the grimaces you make when you discuss with your friends?
What is the difference between the values and rationale of a cult vs. society at large?
Why do I want to approach people to confront them about something but then I change the subject?
How do you deal with people asking you personal questions?
How do I avoid someone annoying at school?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
Why is social interaction important to human health?
Why are liberals more prone to riot or protest?
Is there anyone that truly and completely does not care about what people think of them? How do I get to be more like you?
How do social psychology perspectives work?
Is social psychology used in game development?
What does it mean when a guy starts sending you music he likes?
How do I stop feeling guilty for people worse-off than me? Why is the world so unequal?
Why it is so difficult to talk with girls? Every sentence seems forced and we end up in awkward silence.
Why do women follow the herd mentality when choosing men?
What are the emotional challenges that some single children might face in their personal/social life?
What does it mean when a guy points out every time you do/say something that makes him smile?
How do I help a person who is having a cultural shock?
When was the last time someone tried to hit on you on Quora?
How is it possible to really move on for good in my life, to forgive the past, and to live mindfully in the present, after I have lived miserably for 23 years?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
Can being in a group influence your behavior / thinking?
Are Muslims in Kosovo becoming more religious?
How do you change a bully's want for power/domination?
If I don't eat at all and go to my local gym six times a day, will I be very extremely thin in six months?
What makes someone part of the capitalist class?
What does gay mean? Can a girl be gay because I’ve only heard this word used for boys?
Why do people care more about adopting animals than kids?
Why do we love some numbers more than the other ones?
How much should an intelligent, educated person "dumb down" his/her speech in order to be liked?
Why would someone only watch violent movies?
My singing video has went viral. How do I handle this sudden fame?
Is it okay if I borrow some habits from the fictional character?
What are social skills and why are they important?
If the grass is greener on the other side is that a good thing?
What is betrayal? Could you give me examples so I can understand why people betray?
Are "regular" people or socially awkward people more better off in life?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
As a guy, would you let a female friend just sit and play with your hair?
How can I find someone in a new place who has the same taste as I do?
Why do you care about what others think of you and your legacy?
Do you text your female friends every day or just the girl you're interested in?
Is there a psychological explanation for why I get turned on by dressing literally hot?
How do you deal with a passive-aggressive partner who seems to start arguments for no reason?
How do psychology students make their online profile strong?
What should I put on my 101 in 1001 Days bucket list?
Why do people care so much about their babies, even though they could just make a new one?
Is it acceptable for a 26 years' old lady to lie naked at a sea beach?
Is it fine to avoid a shabby-looking and uneducated cousin or brother?
How do you get over a highly accomplished ex?
Guys, why would you ask a girl to go to yoga class with you?
Is there a good way to not feel bad when you read insults that are indirectly targeted toward you (e.g.: “All woman are bitches.”)?
Should you believe that people apologize in their own way and you should accept it as that, instead of a flat out apology?
Can you tell my personality by the type of music I enjoy?
How can I make sure they can never find or track me if I run away from home?
Should I forgive my absent father?
What can I do to make myself feel better about my body?
How can one incorporate emerging markets prices with G7 markets as a global macro trader?
What does it mean when a guy brings up previous conversations unnecessarily? I understand it’s a bid for connection, but he does it all the time. Why?
Do people care if their friends are selfish?
Are people born pansexual and only become "more specific" due to their social environment, media, etc.?
Who is responsible for what a person says and does to another person?
What do you think of people who always complain whenever someone discusses a topic that has been discussed more than once?
How do you casually decline an offer to something that you think you would enjoy doing?
Why can't I stand other pupils of my school class to have better smartphones with better cameras ?
If you are in a group and you find someone not mingling, would you let that person mind his/her own business or do something else?
How can I stop pretending that I don't care about people or anything, because I actually do care?
Why do people care about white washing?
Is literature ultimately just entertainment?
Do apps like Snapchat create narcissists?
Why do American citizens place so much importance on looking happy?
I speak very poorly - finding it hard to express myself - and people often perceive me as being dumb because of it. How do I speak better?
I have noticed that I have a hard time interpreting body language, social cues, and eyes. Is that bad?
Would the child of a murder victim be able to visit their parent's killer in prison?
What are some reasons nobody should have an inferiority complex?
Why is dominating others the worst human personality trait?
As a society, are we lagging in race relations? We are progressive on many fronts but are we becoming an inclusive and "colorblind" society?
What are some research trends in the field of psychology?
What are the similarities in sociology and psychology?
How do people make decisions?
Can giving someone a lot of things be a form of manipulation?
Have you ever had a real-life "What Would You Do?" (ABC TV show) moment? If so, what did you do and were you pleased or disappointed with your response?
What role can cognitive psychology play in the application of AR/VR in museums (informal learning environments)?
How can we apply Thibaut and Kelly's independence theory in living our lives?
Do you think people who commit suicide are the ultimate quitters of life?
Should you judge someone based on their tone of voice?
Why we care more about Malala as compared to our own people,like Razia?
Why do you think you care about others?
What would happen if there were no social rules?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and sociopath?
What factors influence whether a person becomes or is territorial?
Why do many people feel that racial/religious diversity is something a country needs? Are these types of diversity beneficial? Why?
Is showing being a victim a way of getting favour? What is the victim card?
What is a culture of conformity? What are some examples?
Remember the man who confessed to killing Jon Benet Ramsay, but didn't? What should have been done with him?
Why is it not socially acceptable to enjoy Bill Cosby's comedy but it is acceptable to enjoy Michael Jackson's music? Both are likely sex offenders.
How does an introvert overcome procrastination and laziness quickly?
Why is it that when someone pays attention to me I act stupid?
Why do pretty people get treated differently?
Why would someone who has a very high IQ achieve nothing worthwhile in their life?
When there are questions about God and Christianity here in Quora, why do atheists flock and answer?
What are the coolest social psychology theories and concepts?
Why would a woman get more attention from men when wearing a suit?
Why do some people prefer fantasy and are addicted to it? Is it because of a lack of social interaction? What is this term called in psychology?
What do you think of Eric Barker's book Barking Up the Wrong Tree?
Would you prefer to smile on a bicycle or cry in a BMW?
How can I stop doubting myself for an upcoming contest?
Why are some people not afraid of being judged by others?
What celebrities do you want to be in your squad?
Is it favoritism for my mother to place more pictures around the house of her grandson than of her stepgrandson?
How can I psychoanalyse other people?
Do bipolar care about what others think about them? Do they hate being judged negatively?
Why are the people around us so negative?
Why do I pretend to be mean?
Why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on power lines?
Can one buy their way into high society? If so, how? How much would it cost? Who in history has done it?
What is the psychology behind worshipping a hero/strong man?
I've been socially rejected by someone I don't even care about. Why is this pain so unbearable compared to other times?
How is possible to disconnect from everybody socially without feeling guilty for doing so?
Do INFJs experience other people's emotions as their own?
Is it common for unattractive, broke, unsuccessful people with low standards to obsessively hate on people who have it all?
Is it ethical to attempt to change the beliefs of a closed-minded individual?
Has any country other than India ever had Demonetization of their currency notes?
How do I change my own micro expressions?
Can you arrest people's attention for extended periods by fast acting and fast talking?
How can we help a person who have negativism inside them?
How can I take revenge on my teacher for taking my phone away and deliberately embarrassing me?
How would you feel if you liked someone and then found out he/she was a sex offender?
What is the best way to pick up girls through social media?
How far you now from yourself? And what's make you "you"?
What does someone look like when they are confident about themselves?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
Is it considered weird/socially uncouth to go bowling alone?
Why do some people struggle with small talk?
Have you done something without free will today?
Is staying silent and not retaliating, the safest option nowadays given a mean world out there?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
I told the deepest secret of my life to a near stranger. Was I stupid to do that?
Why do iPhone users now have a tele-camera?
What is wrong with a man who seems to project his emotional unavailability to love a woman onto his 5 year old daughter?
Is success in show business based mostly on luck and connections?
What are unacceptable factors?
What is the psychology behind religion and why do intelligent people fall for it?
What is not caring what others think in a good way?
Why don't people care about my efforts?
How do I deal with siblings who are born shy, emotionally dependent and coward?
Who is Danielle Bregoli?
Why is it that I smile when others cry or simply don't care when they talk about all the bad in their life?
How much is protesting driven by right of passage bandwagons vs. return on personal investment?
What are the impacts of radicalisation?
How can one control mob lynchings?
What is peer pressure like in Japan?
Why do people think they'll find the answer to the nature of god and the afterlife on Quora?
Why should I care about people when they don't care about me anyways?
What is the single most underrated trait a person can have?
How is the sense of obligation and duty used to manipulate people?
Do you need to care about other people as a student?
How do I use my social awkwardness to my advantage?
Men, what attracts you to women, and why?
I'm only good at communicating with excellent communicators. How can I get better at communicating with those who are not?
Why doesn't anyone tell me to hangout even though I think I'm a really good and fun person?
Some rumours going around that, even though Steve Jobs was very inspiring, he was a mean person. Whats your take on that?
Why is sperm donation looked upon as a socially unacceptable, cheap task?
What does learning & mastering a language (apart from first/second) show? Why is it a mark of leadership? How is it important to win the trust of the people?
What is the true intent/motivation and purpose of racism?
Why is ”culture” a thing?
Does anyone still care about the reason or why stuff happens in modern times?
Why should humanity not vanish? Why are humans so egotistical and self-centred? Are humans altruistic by nature? Can any species ever be altruistic?
What are the best articles or essays on psychology/humans/human nature?
What does a therapist say to someone with self-hatred in psychotherapy?
How did you meet the love of your life and are you still together?
Have psychologists studied the personalities of computer geeks, and do managers exploit their weaknesses to make them work harder for less money?
What is the difference between Sociology and Social Psychology?
How do I change other people's negative perception of me? How do I change myself to be more well-liked on first and lasting impressions of me?
How do you think Vault 7 from Wikileaks has changed the world?
What are the best ways to become a catalyst to society dismantling leading to anarchy?
Becoming friend with your ex even if you know that she still loves you is it good or bad?
What are some examples of social psychology perspectives?
Is it okay to be a femboy, and is being one socially unacceptable?
How can I shake off my sensitivity?
What is a zero sum view?
How do I tell to other readers that is not right to discuss inside the library even if they just whisper without getting evil?
How would you explain "sexual abuse" to a group of children? (In kid-friendly language)?
Why do some people treat people who love them worse than those who don't care about them?
Why do people not care about war or donations?
In today's society do people genuinely care about others or more about themselves?
How does peoples’s perception (about their friends) affect their friends?
Should I cut my friendship with someone who spoke badly of me to another person?
Can one heal from narcissistic abuse with a professional and learn to cope with living with a narcissist, or is no contact the only option?
Do I have to be a bad guy to gain girls?
Can the ability of taking decisions be used to define a person's psychology?
How can I connect deeper with people, make friends and also be a better friend?
Does the presence of too many intelligent persons in a place hinders their progress?
Why do intelligent and financially stable people not want kids?
How can I impress other people?
How easy is it to confuse simple awkwardness with a judgmental vibe?
Should I start drinking occasionally by changing my beliefs and the person that I am?
Do you consider yourself naive?
How would chickens (gallus gallus domesticus) behave when set free? Would they still be aggressive towards each other?
What are important things to be said when presenting on domestic abuse?
How do you deal with nosey people?
If you could describe one mindset for having a captivating and engaging presence in social settings, what would it be?
Which is worse, verbal or physical abuse?
Would you continue to turn the dial in the Milgram experiment? If so why?
How you fight bullying in schools?
How do social and personality psychology differ?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
What was the most shocking incident you have seen in the airport?
Do you think being introvert is bad?
If gender is a social construct, is it a harmful or beneficial one?
What makes someone weird?
Are 'passive/aggressive behaviors' done unconsciously?
When do you draw the line between being brutally honest and being tactless?
Why do people care so much about transgender bathrooms?
Do girls hate introverts?
What do people often get wrong about social interactions?
What are the levels of social status?
Why are people so concerned about Sonam Gupta?
What is your favourite personality typing system? And how do you use it?
What are some lesser known/ understood psychological facts?
Could anyone provide a list of examples of escapism?
What do you do if someone does not like you?
Who benefits from groupthink?
What has turned nudity into a taboo?
What was the last lie you told, and why did you decide to lie?
Is there a way not to get anxious and wound up inside after every bad interaction with people even if it's not your fault?
What can be said of a person who yells and screams at you and then acts like he did nothing wrong within a few hours?
Are "the good old days" a kind of archetypal imagery? It seems like it is merely an idea, not a concrete time or place.
How should we judge people with a horrible past?
Can people who completed their BA with a major in sociology become counsellors if they get a master’s degree in counselling?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
Can anyone admit that their partner who was hurt in a previous relationship is jaded, angry and controlling with you as a result of that?
Don't Americans in general care very much about what others might think of them?
Why would my aunt want to speak to every single person in my family to tell them that my cousin has bought a car?
If you are allowed to watch 1 movie in your entire life what movie would you watch?
On a class trip, at night I am scared that one of my classmates will steal from me or hurt me during my sleep. What can I do?
Under what circumstances do emojis lead to better communication?
When is a distant person worth getting through to?
Is being an introvert the reason why social interaction does not seem natural for me?
Why are good people considered fools in this evil world?
What are the subjects where the bandwagon effect doesn’t work or have an effect?
Why do people care so much about the emancipation proclamation?
Why are some people more private than others?
Why are some people intimidated by my personality?
How can a girl know if a person is a bad person?
Why did my wife’s biological mother warn me about a possible fight between the father of my wife’s 5-year-old son from a previous relationship and myself?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
What is the difference between being social as opposed to being intelligent?
What do you do as a living and how did you get where you are today?
What are the problems arise by hiding real behavior?
I just said something bad about my teacher, and didn't realise that he was just behind me. What should I do now?
What makes someone a twinky?
Why is it that when one has an abnormal IQ, their social and psychological behavior is irregular?
What is the self-social psychology?
Not wanting people to like what I like - what's the name of this thing?
Do you think that people can be put on a spectrum going from absolute good to pure evil? Why?
What considerations should we think of when using facial expressions, gestures, special punctuation, and emojis in business presentations?
What pain are you willing to endure?
Why do people become obsessed with people they can't stand?
What do you do when your wristwatch gets broken?
Why do people sterotype and make fun of intelligence, yet then use intelligent people to their advantage?
What must be the reason that I don't get approached?
Since I don't celebrate any holidays this time of year, should I feel offended when someone wishes me "happy holidays?"
How can I know who started following me in Quora for answering which question?
How can I start to sense and understand people's perception of me?
Do girls feel excited when they see a guy’s exposed underwear? Why do guys feel excited when they see a girl’s exposed panties?
Are we attracted to people with similar or opposite physical traits to ours?
Why do I become irritated after a day of social interaction?
Why are white women considered to be the most attractive?
Why is it so hard to tell someone they are doing something that hurts your feelings?
My good friend was pronounced dead today and my immediate reaction was a laugh. What does this suggest?
How do I impress 2-3 of my old college friends who I'm meeting tomorrow for beer after 3 years?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What makes people indifferent to society and how it can be cured?
Is family a Universal Social group?
Why do I feel uncomfortable while talking with non-Asians?
I keep having terrifying visions which involve my ex boyfriend who is a narcissist. These things didn’t happen but they seem so real. Am I crazy?
How can I respect conservatives when they go against everything I believe is right? I believe in socialism. I'm pro cannabis, pro LGBT, and pro choice.
In an education test I have to answer a pedagogical situation in philosophical, sociological and psychological aspects. How do I choose what to study?
Is Stirner basically saying that I shouldn't care for any other people at all?
How do you read someone's mind through their body language?
Do other people see the pledge of allegiance as cult like propaganda?
What has Facebook taught us or revealed about humanity since its inception?
Is it normal that I don't care what people think of me at all?
Why do men feel shame about being wrong? How do you handle conflict when a man hurts your feelings so you don’t make him feel ashamed?
What have you taken the full blame for when others were just as culpable so as to make a problematic thing go away sooner or not appear as bad?
There definitely comes a point in life when one realizes which characteristics one inherited from which parent. Is this maturity or what?
What psychological response does the so-called Seduction Community hope to achieve in their targets with the practice of "negging"?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
What's the most decisive trait to be a good president?
How can I change my facial expressions?
Do campus placement people care about grades?
Is it exhausting to have haters?
What is the root and cultural significance of a roast?
How is Bandura’s concept of self-efficacy different from Rogers’ concept of ideal self? Describe at least three differences.
My colleague abused me and told me that I have no work morals. How should I deal with us?
How do you deal with being behind your peers after many years working?
Isn’t corruption in India a product of the behaviour of its own people, meaning our own behaviour?
What makes some of us romantic and others not at all?
Why do I keep talking to myself, creating hypothetical scenarios in my head? How do I stop doing that?
What makes someone engaging to you? What makes you want to get to know someone?
Why does it seem like life is getting harder in every man made institutionalized system in the west?
What are some unspoken rules teens follow?
Is it good having social awkwardness?
Why many girls begs people to add them on Snapchat? Why they want others to know about their life?
Does doing Engineering in India mean following the herd? (Read the description.)
Apart from Islam, why do women cover their heads in some cultures?
Could automatic behavior be associated with certain social interactions?
Did human society make females overly care about their looks and not care about judgements?
Which countries in the world have the highest levels of social mobility?
What is lack of conformity?
What makes someone an overachiever?
Do you think college will help me to be less shy?
What are some people that you must avoid?
What are some differences between social psychology and evolutionary psychology?
What if Christian aliens were discovered?
Is selfishness self-made or inflicted upon one by others?
Is it ok to be passive aggressive in a text as long as you use a fun emoji?
What are some socially-accepted forms of deception?
What does Scientology scripture mean by "Families are not good groups; they’re bad groups”?
Why do people even care about the sexuality of other people, and sometimes violently object to it?
Which takes precedence need or ambition?
Is passive-aggressive behavior a trait of covert narcissism?
How can I endure a lot of pressure and stress from work and life?
Does my boss really value my work?
How can we fight greed in modern society?
What's the difference between passive aggressive and courteous behaviour?
How do I research people’s behavior for psychology?
Why have you resented society?
Can you explain anthropology and social psychology?
Is social climbing a good thing or a bad thing?
How can I explain the psychology of introverts to my obnoxious brother?
How could one break out of their bubble of being shy and caring so much of what others think?
What makes a person spend their money?
How can I eradicate myself from this world?
Why do people start to advise me to obtain low skill jobs?
Should I tell the theater teacher about how much they negatively affected my life, for closure?
Do you sometimes avoid going out with a stepchild of yours because you don't want to become associated with the child due to the childs misbehavior?
Why can't we treat both genders the same?
Do I need to seek psychological or medical help or am I overreacting? If I do need help, how can I cure myself?
Is vulnerability to be honored?
What are people's views on moral relativism? Is there no standard, overreaching good?
Why do people judge others who are often alone?
How much do you care about self-fulfillment instead of supporting other people besides yourself?
Is it possible to go through life without anyone knowing if you're a boy or girl, man or woman?
From an evolution perspective, why do we laugh when see people hurt themselves?
Do men and women like the look of their own genitalia?
How can I be a supportive friend in conversation?
Is giving random applause to bad drivers considered passive aggressive?
How can I know if I am worthy of not having inferiority complex?
What are the differences between editions of the Social Animal by Eliot Aronson?
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
Why do we never cherish the things we do have in our life and always spoil them by going for things that we dont have?
Why would a man (classmate or stranger passing by in a supermarket) look at me with a blank face?
Why are there questions "disadvantage of educating women" on Quora & many articles on internet about “advantages & disadvantages of educating women”?
What does forever alone mean?
Why do you care so much about other people's lives?
Can somebody invent something that will keep me from accidentally texting my ex?
Why is it that some people just don't care about others, or even human rights?
What is the psychology of perception?
Are there social rules that should be amended?
My friend says he can't imagine his own face, but can imagine near strangers'. Why is this?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
Why are people with personality disorders usually considered as human monsters, rather than individuals in need of psychological help?
How does psychology influence business management?
What do I do with a passive-aggressive wife?
What have you learnt about life, people or business that you can classify as 'undeniable truths'?
Is a small compliment such as "nice jacket" considered "catcalling"?
Why do people love to interfere into personal lives of others?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
Can we stay put and relax to let nature sort things out for us in our society?
Do straight men watch (or at least curious to watch) gay porn?
What are the levels of approach from human relationships, speaking of psychological factors and sociological interactions?
What do you call a consensual hallucination?
How will scrapping the INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes affect the daily lives of Indians?
How does one be in the present and be prepared for the future at the same time?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differentiate?
Why do I have such poor verbal/communication skills? Is there a way to improve them?
Why is it hard to use proper English like others?
What are the reasons behind homophobic bullying of straight people at school?
What is social loafing and how can it be avoided?
Can adoption cause introversion?
Why are religious people fearful of individualistic people?
If you could take your pick on how to kill your most hated enemy, how would you do it? (provide context as needed)
Why do people fight you when you are providing evidence to show where they are thinking about something incorrectly?
How might a person stop feeling sorry for innocent victims?
How can I pretend that I care about other people?
Why do people care about being socially superior?
How would the concept of family change?
What is inter-purpose conflict? How is it different from inter-intention conflict?
How do I learn to care about other people?
Why don't people understand that homosexual attraction to other men doesn't necessarily make a man less manly?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Why would a guy ask a girl to go to yoga with him?
Do you feel horny today?
Is eating my lunch at the bathroom at school retarded and/or gay?
Can I use hypnosis to end my sexual attraction to someone in a relationship?
How do I stop hating boys?
Why do people care about physical beauty?
What are the first five things that come to your mind when you think about the following - terror, faith, culture, history and power?
Why do people care so much about appearance and status?
Can you recommend literature about shame as a core emotion?
What are some basic human traits and their positive and negative attributes?
How do I increase my social interaction?
Why do I get affected by things which never affected me in the past?
Do muslims living in the West have a tendency to machismo?
What happens if a robber tries to rob someone who doesn't have any money to give, because he's broke or bankrupt?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
How do you not let a breakup affect your ego?
Do you believe, in this culture of "whoever cares the least wins," you should be brave enough to be the person who gives a damn?
As a Muslim woman in Canada, how do I overcome stereotype threat?
My girlfriend reckons there is nothing more sad than an older greying balding man sporting a ponytail and it is not attractive? What do others think?
How can I get a girlfriend in England if I'm socially awkward?
How can you tell if a girl is insecure about herself around a certain person?
Why do we care about people in need?
Does a handshake tell alot about a person?
Why don't people in Kerala care about water use?
How can I smile less?
Is knee and feet pointing really a sign of attraction, even when those people aren't talking to each other?
Should I have shouted at my dad for being too slow?
If you accuse someone and he or she reacts with a surprised smile, does that mean you are right?
Do you think a certain glowering malevolence is not avoided or seen as a low standard in principle but distributed by subjective sympathies?
Do you ever feel like you know for sure the emotionally unavailable man cares about you?
Why do people look down on me? I feel like leaving this world.
How should I deal with people assuming that I'm "white" and treating me according to their ignorance?
Everything turns me on. What do I do?
What are the simple ways not to allow others negatives vibes to affect you?
Why is it socially acceptable to throw cigarette butts on the ground?
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
When a person feels proud of something does this automatically mean they feel superior?
Which theory best explains why humanity screws up?
Why is being smart, informed and educated seen as uncool in America Pop Culture and Hollywood?
Why do I have trouble sleeping alone?
How important is it to realize your view is uncommon or the minority on an issue?
Can we wear pink formal shirts in America?
Do Americans still baptize their children?
Is bullying good? Should it be looked at differently? Have “morals” confused our logic and reason when it comes to “social hierarchy?”
Why do I see so many international students with few or no White friends?
How does a pecking order contribute to social behavior?
Why are people grateful for praise (compliment) , but defensive when someone offers constructive Criticism?
Can someone make my number restricted?
How do I forgive myself for attacking my younger brother?
I have completely lost my faith in humanity (myself included). What should I do?
My friend had sex with her boyfriend, but had to be persuaded into it. Is this rape?
Given that some people commit horrendous acts in God's name, how do you know if you are truly following God's will?
Why do we like some people more than others?
When and why was the carrying family name cultural tradition passing from father to son established?
Why doesn’t my wife want me to teach my 10 month old son a language that my wife can't speak?
What is it that makes my schoolmates so superficial? Many times all they talk about are material possessions or stuff related to "social status."
How would you deal with someone using a communication misunderstanding to spread a rumor that you are mentally ill?
How can I stop being a passive-aggressive wife?
Should I include my hypothesis and details in my Statement of Purpose for graduate school applications in psychology?
Can one with mediocre (or lower), self-elected standards of rationality impress on the internet and yet prove completely inadequate in real life?
How can I get rid of this limiting belief about myself: ''who do you think you are''?
Is it being self-centered or selfish if someone gets upset that I did not give them a ride in my car?
Why do I feel the need to protect others from injustice?
Are studies about the attractiveness of the color red referring to all shades of red?
Why do I fail at fighting social awkwardness?
Why do poetic or emotional answers get more upvotes than the logical ones?
Why are the fans of every sport in Europe more fanatical than the ones in the USA are?
What is the relevance of social psychology?
Is it correct to say "I care the fuck about others"?
How do I ignore people that keep bringing me down by reminding me of my mistakes?
Is it possible to use debate as a form of flirting?
Are relationships about giving and taking?
What is the psychological profile of a bully?
How do I get less attached to my family and friends and move on with my life?
What are some social psychology mechanisms that are relate-able in US presidential election?
Do you think what other people care about and do not care about actually matters as if it's important?
How can you help a 9 yr old boy who is violent and socially awkward?
What is the process behind making friends?
Is ignoring ignorant or rude comments on social media really always the best policy?
Should I feel uncomfortable when my dad slaps my bum?
How can I stop being a conversation killer?
When a woman passes by while in public, which part of her body will be observed first?
Why do people care so much about productivity in their daily lives?
How can you tackle anti-social behaviour?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
What do other Himachali people think about other Chaudhary and Ghirth people? Do they have a good social status?
Is it okay to feel betrayed by the people I cared about? Or should I think from their point of view too? More in my comment.
What is the science behind successful social interactions?
How long should we care about society?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
What do you call someone that constantly changes his friends/companions?
What are the things that interest you in a man and a relationship?
How does an inferiority complex relate to shyness?
What are some important things that psychologists know about but most people have not yet realized?
How much of what straight men do and what they like are the result of social expectations?
When might verbal communication be a better choice than written or electronic communication because of the emotions involved?
Was socialism a good thing?
Why do some people like to install uncomfort situations for an opponent in conversation?
Do people care about their health?
Why do Indians care so much more about what other people think about themselves instead of getting to be proud of themselves?
Should I keep pursuing her?
Why is social acceptance important?
Why are mixed couples in which the male is White not criticized as severely as when the female is White?
What kind of clothes do likeable people wear?
What are some interesting things you tend to notice when people watching?
What happens when you expose your kids to high life which they can’t afford on their own when they have grown up?
I'm so ugly and lonely. What do I do?
I have many awesome face selfies stored in my phone. I can't decide what to do with them. Should I post them on social media or keep them in phone?
How can I win all people's hearts without doing anything?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
I strongly believe I have aspergers but pyschologist or people close to me won't believe me. How can I get a diagnosis?
Is it possible to hate someone you haven't properly met?
Why is it hard for me to communicate?
Do iPhone and Android users have different personality traits?
Would it be beneficial if, on a global scale, the illusion of separation was accepted and acknowledged?
How can I become arrogant & have lots of attitude that I stop caring about people who don't care about me or who actually don't deserve my attention?
Could you share intimacy with someone you dislike?
Do people tend to be more humane when Christmas comes? Why?
How can I humanize a car and make it more human like?
Is it normal to look back at times spent with a narcissist and smile?
Is there a correlation between a US city's weather and its materialism?
How can I free myself from resentment? How can I reprogram my mindest toward my field?
Why do some people enjoy bullying?
When and how was panic disorder first discovered?
What can we do to make people care about the environment on a scale that would actually lead to change?
What does it mean when a guy starts to seek your approval? What does it mean when he tries to get you to like what he likes?
What 7 questions would ask someone to gauge their suitability to be your personal assistant?
How can I understand how people perceive me?
What are some of the long lasting effects of verbal bullying?
How much did Buddha care about the opinion of others in search for truth and enlightenment?
What are the types of isolation?
Should you really be nice to everyone?
Are older people more careful about their laundry?
Should I go for a more expensive transport service for peace of mind, or should I try to figure out the cheapest taxi service?
Would you rather be extremely well connected or wealthy? Why?
How does partisanship make us less smart?
After people found out more about me, I was shunned from society. What should I do?
Is extrovert more likely to success in running a business than introvert?
What does it tell you about a person if they have thousands of Quora Answers, but zero Quora Questions?
Is social dominance real?
How can I teach psychology to my peers?
Why are people being judged by their past?
Why won't my parents let me run harmless psychological studies on them?
A relative of mine has a power of attorney who cares more about saving money rather than getting him the medical care he needs. What do I do?
What psychology stuff should I know about women?
Why do some guys treat girls like they are young?
How can I learn patience, understanding, not judgemental, learn communication skills, and anything else that is needed in the field of psychology?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Why do I care so much about my class position?
How do I become a productive member of society?
What causes attraction? Can you help being attracted to someone? Or is it something that can't be helped? Are you attracted based on your upbringing?
What are the social dynamics in any local development projects?
Why do I get so embarrassed to clean my runny nose in public? Does everyone else feel the same?
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
What do you own that you care about more than you care about most people?
Do you feel that the "pun" in this video is because of the way she's dancing in public, what she's wearing, or a combination of both?
Are there any secure facilities in the UK to care for people with dementia who are dangerous to other patients?
I am divorced Indian woman in early mid-30s. My relatives want me to make big compromise in choosing a partner to remarry fast. What should I do?
Are we sharing our happiness or seeking approval?
Is it the kind of crowd a particular restaurant draws that determines if you get weird looks when you go there?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
What are some things you disagree on regarding Abraham Maslow's hierarchy of Needs?
What is a psychological hack?
Do cheesy people think they get bonus points to be callous when it counts?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why do I smile when I'm insecure? And how can I stop doing it?
Do people actually care about their loved ones?
Are metaphors more real than the people who walk in the streets?
What are characteristics of awkward people?
Under what conditions should people be unkind?
What are some interesting documentaries about stigma?
Why do some men go silent and disappear for a few days when they realize they are wrong?
What is the minimum conforming behavior we need for society to function?
My inferiority complex is becoming extremely harmful, how do I overcome it?
Why are so many humans against BIG changes, even when it is quite clear they will be beneficial to society?
As civilization continues to advance, what will be the next major changes to our views on cultural norms that change over time?
What are the nature and scope of social psychology?
Why do bars not utilize a queue system?
When people in your country talk about "salary" or "how much you earn" in daily life, do they include the tax in the amount?
Is it abnormal that I don't care about other people?
Why do most people respect jerks more than honest, decent people?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
Is there something wrong with me? Am I a high-functioning nut-job?
How do you deal with someone that purposefully accuses you of everything that goes wrong, even when they know that they caused the issue?
Do people outside of STEM careers care about doing interesting work at their job?
Why do I burn all the bridges between a person I used to know?
What does it mean when a guy deeply values your opinion, and wants you to be excited for him?
Do women think there's something wrong with you if you have no interest in dating?
How can a guy with absolutely no bartending/waiter experience get hired & quickly be great at the job? How can I consistently make great tips?
Why is the world full of shitty people?
Life is so simple. Why do people seem so confused? Why are they trying to find meaning, and even experiencing existential crisis?
Do I have some bits of autism?
What are the true signs of Extroverts?
Is it good to work in silence and not care about what people explicitly notice?
I can't forgive anyone who hurts my friends, even if I’m not friends with them anymore. What kind of person does that make me?
Is it customary to hold the door for others who are approaching?
Who is that one stranger you will never forget? How did he teach you the biggest lesson of your life or removed biggest misconception you ever had?
What is a libtard?
What would you do if you liked your sister's friend?
What do you like most about other people?
What can you do to attract people to you?
Why do many people tend to judge a person by their past history and not by their present condition?
How can a girl with a high income be with a boy with a low income?
How can I enliven the atmosphere when FaceTime with the opposite sex?
Why do people want others to see them differently than how they actually are?
What does “high need for approval” mean?
Are there any labs that offer remote research internships for social psychology?
Why are so many people stuck at the maintaining norm level in human development when we should all be aspiring to be at the postconventional level?
Should I feel bad about being somewhat passive aggressive towards my brother?
How are non ambitious people happy with a mediocre life?
Is there a reasonable limit to how far out of one's “echo chamber” one needs to reach?
How do you safely confront a bully?
How often are you in touch with someone you are friends with compared to someone you are interested in romantically?
Which psychological principles are useful for understanding the average person?
Can sexual underperformance cause touchiness?
What is the best advice for sales?
Is it normal for an adult guy to hug a female friend every time he sees her?
How can I overcome the fear of being vulnerable?
Can you train yourself to not care about other people's opinions?
How can I stop being so awkward and shy?
Do Koreans have an inferiority complex?
Which MBTI personality type gains the most popularity on Quora?
What are some good ways to "read" people?
What should one do if someone is creating unnecessary trouble, such as throwing waste at my doorstep or puncturing my car tyres?
What is the psychology behind Trump using Twitter to vent his emotions?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
I hate all fields. What academic field is best for me?
How do I know I'm not wasting time when socializing?
What is the best book on maintaining a social life?
Why do we care so much about others?
How do I deal with those extremely pessimistic people who say - India can never improve?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
How do I get rid of smoking fetish?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
Do we humans treat inhumanity as a freedom?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
Are people who keep talking about how busy they are, really actually all that busy?
How do you develop passive-aggressive emotions?
Why is it more socially acceptable for an attractive woman to have high standards but not an unattractive woman?
Why did my wife’s biological aunt say that my wife and I are from different socio-economical classes?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
What things/habits one should avoid at age of 18 onwards?
Shouldn't the message of any movie be mentioned textually or verbally at the end of it?
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
How can I deal with self-hatred, the wound of rejection, the feeling of Inadequacy, inferiority complex, and self-sabotage?
What type of men do women like?
Is it safe to assume that if more than 10% of women upvote a fellow woman's answer, the majority of women would agree with her, given the gender mismatch on Quora?
Why are people on stackoverflow so ridicules & offensive?
Can you have an entire conversation using GIFs and would that be considered a new language?
When did you stop seeking approval and validation from others?
Why do rapists rape? What drives a person to do such vile act?
Why is social interaction in groups so bizarrely awkward and seemingly unnatural?
Do passive aggressive narcissists ever own up to their failures?
Why are most dogs completely disinterested in the magic of television?
Can your spit be boiled off your tongue?
What will happen if a woman finds a random phone number of a guy?
Why do the people I care about hurt me so much?
Why would my guy friend say he prefers to use messages to text me instead of WhatsApp?
Is trying to replicate other people's social quirks healthy?
What is your weakness?
How would you make new friends at a new place/country?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Why are people told to study the arts when they don't know what they want in life?
What is the broad (minimum length) classifications of human psychology? And how they can be identifiable observing behavior?
What is a healthy and ecological alternative to capitalism?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
Why do people care about how other people run their lives?
Should I ask my best friend's brother out?
Where, when and why did the custom begin of removing price tags before gifting merchandise?
What are the differences between the nature of a poet’s observation and that of a scientist’s observation?
How do I master intermittent reinforcement in order to control an individual?
Do robbers target luxury homes, average homes, or poor looking homes?
Is it ok to talk to strangers in your country?
Why do I dislike to share my own work with other people?
What kind of things a person with a high level of psychology knowledge is able to do on a daily basis?
How do people change from lovers to strangers?
Will human social interaction have any purpose in the distant future?
How can you tell if a guy is actually enjoying spending time with you or if he's just humoring you to be nice?
What do you do when your significant other is being passive-aggressive?
How can we overcome inferiority complex in front of ultra modern society?
I grew up in a dysfunctional family, which kind of made me insecure about my upbringing. How to be more confident?
With regard to dating and relationships, what early investments can couples make in their relationship to strengthen it against the inevitable setbacks?
Why don't people care about things that don't directly affect them?
Are there any socially awkward models?
Is it possible for a conversation to have more than 3-4 participants?
I'm not the kind of woman who falls for players yet he got me. How do I get past the feeling of shame?
What are the best tips to overcome my inferiority complex?
Why do many countries let a fourteen year old child, who is ineligible to vote, choose to give birth?
How can someone actually love themselves if they feel unloved and unwanted?
My mom is completely white and my dad is completely black but I look completely white. What do I put down when I am asked what race I am?
How can I overcome feeling stupid after an important conversation?
Is it ok that I don't have any self-respect at all? What should I do in this case?
If a child hands you a toy phone, what should you do?
Why do some people feel they have to right to deprive other people of their rights?
How can I stop being socially awkward and build a network?
Is it common to discredit something because it has been misused or misunderstood?
How do you answer the question "how are you?"?
How can I stop doing what I think other people would like me to do?
Why do I feel really emotional about others' mental disabilities?
Does "truth is, people are addicted to people" makes sense to you?
What is social interaction and what is the elements and types of social interaction?
How can I stop fearing any interaction with kids? How can I effectively communicate well with kids & teens without feeling/seeming creepy?
Why is it that no matter where I go in life, I still experience the same negative outcomes?
What should a social anxiety sufferer do when they fear it may have a lot to do with their questionable sexuality?
Why do people love to boast about stuff no one cares about?
How does an intern ask to be transferred to another team as he is currently not happy with the work he is doing?
Why do people care so much about typos?
Do people who care about the environmental issues actually do something about it?
What should be the acronym SMART as per your point of view?
Why can't I remember most of the basic things people tell me about themselves?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
What do you do if you find out someone made fun of your appearance and your friends laughed with them behind your back?
Is it possible to learn social skills by reading about it?
To what extent do you care what others think?
Why am I passive aggressive?
Is 'being judgemental' about what you say or what you do?
What can be an explanation for an 80 years old man having girlfrends during his lifetime for at least 20 years younger?
What is so good and bad about Indian society or culture?
Why is physical beauty so important in today's society?
What makes someone become popular?
Can you get two masters in psychology and sociology?
Is it common for people to distance themselves from someone who is involved in something illegal/unethical?
I have aspergers and don't care about others deeply, if they tell me problems I really can't relate or care. How do I change?
How do you break the silence when you're alone with a friend? I'm socially awkward.
Have you ever met two people who seemed perfect for each other?
Do people care about socio-economic status?
If we thank people too much then does it look bad?
Can a straight guy be jealous of a girl spending time with a gay guy?
How do I make a girl who hates me fall in love with me?
How do I deal with passive aggressive coworkers?
This girl confessed to emailing me under a fake name. Should I keep her confession private?
My son thinks buying him running shoes will make him faster. How do I explain that they won't without hurting his feelings?
Why do people accelerate towards red lights? They don't get to their destination any faster by doing so.
How can technology help improve social climate in schools?
How can I develop a passion for learning deeply and for a longer time?
Why am I feeling left out even though I am happy?
Do you consider yourself passive aggressive?
What are some examples of social factors in psychology?
Why do I get a profound satisfaction when I overpower a group on my own? (in anything) The lesser the effort, and the bigger the group, the better.
Does being a polyglot make you more of an intellectual?
Why are self-righteous people so annoying?
What would be the social consequences of moving away from normal to animated films and story telling?
What are some universally applicable psychological or sociological frameworks for considering future innovations regardless of industry or market?
Why has Money become more important than Human relations?
On the internet, every person is caring, sensitive, etc. If almost everyone on the internet is such an angel, where are those angels in the real world?
How is life to live with an introvert? Myself being an introvert.
How do I not care about what others might say?
Are there any conclusive experiments to prove that criminal behaviour arises only due to social conditions?
Why are prostitutes looked down upon?
Why do some people push others away when they are ill?
What is social disintegration?
Is it possible to have an aggressive personality and be socially liberal?
How are some people more likable than others in a social environment?
How can you tell if you are more intellectual than your peers?
What makes certain genes dominant?
If men are aroused by sexy dress, are women ready to help them from getting distracted by wearing nice ones ?
How do I make people accept that I am right?
How do I not feel bad about quitting my job that I just started working for?
What are some risk factors of peer pressure?
Do you believe, in this culture of whoever cares the least wins, that you should be brave enough to be the only person who gives a damn?
How can you start not caring about other people's social life?
When I tell someone my new invention, somehow I'm much less motivated to make it after the telling. Is there a psychological term or study for this?
What makes people hypersexual or a nymphomaniac? Is it natural or psychological?
Why does my wife get mad at me when we’re laying in bed and I get an erection when watching a TV show with a sexy woman in it?
What is sexual corruption?
How do I pee in the presence of others?
When will it be socially acceptable to LARP?
Is genocide one historical consequence of multiculturalism?
Why do we respect people who create things?
How can I stop being intimidated by everybody?
If you want to set up a social group how would you find people?
My friend's boyfriend is gay, what should I do? Should I tell her?
How can we prevent emotions to reach our facial expressions and have a normal look in difficult situations?
How can you tell if a man is emotionally attached to you or if he just thinks you're pretty and enjoys your attention?
How can we improve persuasion and convincing skills?
I try to avoid the knowns on my way and feel comfortable among unknowns as I like not to chat directly. Should I consult a psychiatrist?
Everyone likes psychology. How do you know if it's a suitable career and more than just a natural curiosity?
What are some examples of situations where the majority of people in a nation were found to be completely wrong about something?
How do you gracefully deal with people that judge and belittle you?
How can I tell where other people's perceptions start and my reality begins, e.g. if multiple viewpoints/opinions from other (random) people match up?
Why do people see someone who is kind & generous by nature as someone who is weak, easy to manipulate and take advantage of?
How can a 27 year old son, cope with a selfish, short-tempered, unforgiving, dis-respecting & dominating 52 year old mother?
What are the best examples of the psychology of responsibility versus freedom?
Is it right for a father to force his children into a particular field?
What psychological theory can be used to study social enterprises?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
Sometimes I really hate being boyish, and sometimes I really hate being girly. Which do I choose?
If I thrive off the energy of others but also like my alone time am I an introvert or an extrovert?
Is social or religious fraud against the law?
What do children today need to learn for future success?
Where did the hatred of darker complexions originate and why?
How can you make the difference and make an Instagram girl with thousands of followers to reply your message and ultimately get to know you?
Is there any term for the bullies who focuses on bullying others for their choice of bright colors of clothes/back packs etc.?
Is there a biological reason why men should always be blamed for unsatisfactory sex or is it purely a product of sexist mindset?
What do you do while people applaud you?
Is it possible to not have any hater?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
I'm socially awkward and when I'm high I realise how bad it is. I feel like I need serious help. What do I do?
Why do so many people seem to not like or care at all about wolves?
As an adult (25–120), what do you wish teenagers (13–19) understood?
I have two aunts who I am not really speaking much to at the moment. They broke my trust. What do I do?
Am I an extrovert?
Why do people care about the expectations of the society so much?
What are some examples of a confident body language?
Why does "every" male talk about football?
Do you think that most of the evil TV/movie characters are geminis or scorpios?
Why is it so common for people to suspect they are the only conscious beings?
Do computers have a positive or negative impact on student achievement? Evidence to support your conclusions?
What do you think about this belief: people's self-worth is high or low based on their social class?
I care more about my friends than school. Is this bad?
How would you deal with passive aggressive and "two faced" co-workers in a professional work environment?
Do survivors of traumatic stress feel more or less empathy for other survivors than they would as a non-victim?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
How long does it take for a culture that has been enslaved, oppressed, or suppressed to heal?
What makes you like someone?
How do I identify people who have a need for achievement and power?
How can I stop my sister from sticking her nose into my and my wife’s personal lives?
Do people care if I write about them on composition books?
Why is calling dog to someone considered abuse but calling lion to someone is not?
What should you do when you want something to start but does not want to be the one who starts it?
In what language would a hypnotized bilingual/multilingual person speak?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
My parents deny the emotional instability my brother is causing me, what can I do?
Is there anything specific I could say or do to win any argument?
Why might be a reason that I don't understand and/or care about gender?
What can an adult child of narcissistic parents do to recover and lead a healthy life?
Does it ever happen to you that when you go near someone you know but don't have on Facebook, they later the same day get suggested as a friend?
Is it a good thing to give money to my irresponsible sister every time she claims she's in need?
Why do people care so much about how much money other people make?
Why do so many people care more about actors & directors than the characters or movies themselves?
What are the insecurity detecting algorithms? How much of these insecurity algorithms are implemented in Facebook and WhatsApp yet?
How do I start standing up for myself and not care about what others think?
What is the most useful question to ask someone in a different profession?
Why do people care for their names?
Why do people care too much about IQ, is it because that measurement can raise their self-esteem up?
Is it okay to do the right thing reporting someone doing a violation, even if you’re doing it not only because it's right, but to take revenge too?
How can you tell if a guy is using sexual innuendos because he sees you as a "bro" or if he's trying to gauge your interest in having sex with him?
Why is it so hard for me to forget about someone who hurt me really bad and is now ignoring me?
How can the "people" regain the governing power that should be vested in them, not the political class or the business class, giant corporations?
What are some more subtle power positions?
What would be the best advice for someone who is being bullied in high school - fight back, ignore them, or tell the teachers?
Is it possible for a man and a woman who are attracted to each other to be just friends?
How can there be many genders if gender is a social construct?
What the hell is going on with me?
I want to move, but I'm sadly torn between leaving family for great weather. What to do?
Do creative artists get too much credit and the inherited tools they use too little credit?
My friends made a Facebook chat group and didn't add me, how do I stop letting it bother me?
What do confident people understand that shy people don't get about people, conversations, and social interaction?
I'm pretending to be someone else online. I'm trying to stop but I enjoy it. Can someone tell me how to stop it?
Do more people tend to label their exes as narcissistic and how often are they right?
How do I win over a person who has done psychology?
How can I improve myself at explaining stuff to others?
How can I control the seven billion people in the world especially rich and powerfull people?
How do I keep a sequence of day-to-day events or example sequences of movies in mind?
What is important in life?
How can one come out of the inferiority complex?
According to social psychology, does human nature change?
How does Asperger's syndrome effect social acceptability?
Is personality development training helpful for overcoming inferiority complex and getting to know oneself?
What are the specific reasons for people's disgust with female body hair?
If I am living in the "first-world", do I ever have a right to be sad?
What do you call a person who cares about what others think of them?
Why are some short people so mean to tall people?
What makes watching TV shows like Frasier give you emotional comfort from painful loneliness?
Are most women sexually repressed?
Why do introvert people ignore text messages from people they care about sometimes?
Is it an offense to say to someone don't be stupid?
What would one infer about me if I don't stick to my words?
Are people with similar “world views” drawn to each other?
Psychologically, what makes someone prone to invitations, supporting others, and paying for their sandwiches, Coke, and candies?
How do I drive it into my subconscious that I am the real value, & I should love & prioritize my own interests regardless of how broke or lost I am?
What tactics/techniques can I use to ACCELERATE the pace of my self-improvement and understanding?
Has the number of suicides by teenagers increased since a decade ago?
What characteristics makes someone bullyproof?
What makes someone a household name?
Why does it feel like I’m taking a happy drug when I look at a beautiful woman I am attracted to?
Why do people not care about NASA?
When will Quora most likely throw exhibition gatherings of members/Top Writers?
Do normal people lie on the floor in random places of their home when they get in from work?
Is it altruism when the current me makes a sacrifice for the benefit of the future me?
Why does it make me sad when I find out actors who play fictional characters differ from their roles?
Do we always owe obedience to our parents even if they treat us bad in that moment?
How can I gain confidence in my appearance?
What makes someone a layperson?
Why do people act fake and want to follow the herd? If older people are experienced, why do they want us to follow the herd?
How can I jokingly mess with my passive aggressive younger brother?
Is the future worse than today?
Can it be criminalized to not educate your children?
Who did the experiment that showed that people who able to change their mind about a painting were less satisfied than the people who were able to?
Which is scoring: psychology or sociology?
How would a nationalist extremist group who idolized their nation's head of state responds if said leader denounced them?
How can I stop being jealous to people, who had luck?
Why do people prefer simple answers and solutions to problems that are obviously complex?
What is the psychological explanation of people who live their lives in a constant state of competition?
Do feelings exist or are they just facial expressions?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
Why is sex a big taboo in front of Indian parents?
Have you or known anyone who acted like a completely different person when they’re angry?
How can I overcome having a baby face and youthful looks for better visibility in the work place?
Why do I always care about others' views of me?
When I hang out with one of my male friends, he frequently sits with his right hand crossed to his left upper thigh. Is that how men hide erections?
How do we end racism and racial bias in the Western World?
Why do people feel so desperate to say that they love their families before dying?
How can we make people fully grasp that truth, JUSTICE and CARING for others are more important than personal interests and gains?
What makes a character cool and lovable?
Do you believe that no matter their social status, everyone is born with the same opportunities?
How do I not care about what others think or talk about me?
About to be evaluated by graphologists, I am "fluent" in several writing styles. Which should I use?
How can I stop letting what other people say about me bring me down?
Am I the only one who experiences more sexism from other women than just guys?
Should I date a girl who I'm not attracted to, just because the girls that I'm attracted to aren't attracted to me, so I'm not alone forever?
I just overheard a group of people who described me as "not having much of a personality". I feel deeply hurt by this. How do I move past it?
Why don't men chase women anymore when they're only told "no" once?
What are possible career opportunities for someone with a Master's in Social psychology?
Why are Indians so obsessed with astrology?
Is it always bad to be passive aggressive?
Why do people care about criminals?
Why is no one ever able to relate to or understand me at all, while I find it easy to do so with most people?
How do you get a girlfriend if you're socially awkward?
I have this fear that no one will measure up to my ex. How unrealistic is this fear?
What does the practice of fagging in England say about English culture?
What's worse? People being completely indifferent to you or people hating you for your opinions?
Are people unable of sound, good argument able to essentially attack others for suspicion of the same weasely techniques and get others on their side?
Why is Urie Bronfenbrenner's ecological theory considered psychological and not sociological?
For a research paper I want to write about music. However, I also need to write about a solution to a global issue. How do I even approach this?
Why are teens so easily influenced by peer pressure?
If you could save either a thousand happy lives or a million sad people, which would you save and why?
How do you deal with people who promise you things and then take them back?
Do higher functioning psychopaths read other's emotional cues better and handle social relationship better than the lower functioning ones?
Why do beautiful girls make me feel inadequate?
Is there a psychological explanation as to why some people find mixed-blooded individuals highly attractive?
Do females find males disgusting?
What is the biological reason of the shyness?
What's the psychology behind 'Jonestown'?
What is a healthy balance between intellectualism, objectivism vs. emotional intelligence, socialising, expressing emotions?
How can I become a more quiet and calm person?
Should I let go if I am right but unable to make people understand and prove them wrong?
What should you prefer? Loneliness or trying to run after people who don't seem to care about you?
Why does the left not seem to care about people who shame atheists, short people, virgins, people with low IQs, and other groups?
Why does everybody hate me, am I not allowed to have any friends?
How do you deal with a person who has a preconceived judgement of you?
Why is it illegal to abandon an animal, such as a dog or a horse, but not a human being?
When is the time you have felt most attractive?
Is control of the masses by use of fear, the main objective of most religions?
What is the psychological cause behind daydreaming?
How can I become a Nunchi?
How can I build up a social life? I work 7/7 and I am studying to become a pilot one day.
How do I stop being so socially awkward and win love?
What are the indications that a person is jealous of your intelligence?
How would society behave if sex weren’t a taboo?
How can I bring out the kid in me whenever I want?
Why do people care about “family” and “friends”?
Do people care about originality anymore?
What are some legal and gray-area methodologies whereby one can degrade the well-being of a distant individual?
Psychologically speaking, why are fantasies and day dreams healthy within societies?
Why do we obsess over and idolise public figures and celebrities who will never actually care about who we are?
What are the psychological and emotional effects of undersocialization during adolescence (13-19 years old)?
I can't make deep connections with people and many of them don't remember me. Is it a lack of confidence?
Has your partner ever said they wanted a new partner openly?
Why is the community so important in society?
Are most of the Americans extroverts?
What are the positive effects of being against bullying?
What are the pitfalls of using GIFs?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
How can I find someone available to make sales at CES 2017?
Does interracial marriage produce transcendence children?
What is something that needs to be said?
Why do some people have an inferiority complex but they are very good at it?
What are your predictions for 2017 regarding the global social scene?
Should I go out alone to make new friends?
What are some modern examples of non conformity?
Is non-pathological psychology a nearly "dead field"? Did the researchers in their old/middle aged researchers find out what's worth finding out?
Are we all trapped with our subconscious compulsions?
My bf tells me that, due to experiences as a kid, he has developed an inferiority complex towards people with my profession. What can I do to help?
Why has the Facebook killer gotten so much attention?
Why doesn’t the other man/woman in an affair care about the wife or husband (or family)?
What do you do when people don't care?
What does petty theft reveal about someone's character?
How can I look powerful?
I literally spend my day thinking about other people's lives and how happy they are. Should I keep thinking this way?
What do guys think of a smart, cute girl who is bad at social interaction and appears to be awkward?
Isn’t confidence also the act of not caring what other people think or say about you and just doing what you want?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
I'm 25 with Autism (HF), I fail to care about other people still, what would snap me out of this?
Do guys find girls that are smart attractive?
How does one respond when people seem to project their inferiority complex on you?
Is the fear of being rejected nature or nurture?
How can I respect my father as my employer?
Why do I always need to let someone else observe an event?
How can multiculturalism strengthen a homogeneous society?
I told a 10 year old boy to "fuck off" as I noticed he was literally taking my phone out of my pocket. Does this make me a bad person?
Are boys and girls both in a collage or school want to talk to each other but eel shy to do so?
How can you help stop bullying?
I care about people's nationality and race too much. How can I reduce this attitude?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
How do I control the bad words I speak when I’m angry?
Why do people judge other people’s age?
How did you feel about police work and policemen and women before you yourself became a police officer?
Leadership: Under which circumstances should you take responsibility for others' actions?
Are you socially awkward? Why?
What are the psychological effects of social isolation in prisons?
If someone makes provocative statements that may cause someone else to have a stroke or heart attack, are they committing a crime under the law?
Does increase of obesity rate increase Anorexia rate?
Is a society only a social construct- how much of our behaviour is programmed by material necessity? Drives- how reflexive are they?
I’ve been referred to as "pussy" a few times. What does that mean?
Can manipulation be used to help others for the good?
Is it wrong for me to just want some results instead of excuses?
Why can't I get involved in a group?
Is having an inferiority complex inferior to not having one?
Is a modern 'trendy' hairstyle really necessary? (men)
How do you measure social status?
Does the media subconsciously make people want to wear makeup?
What disorder includes someone who must be right and is too honest, hyperfocused, high-energy, socially awkward, empathetic, introverted, sensitive, logical, and insistent on perfection?
What are some truly unique ways to stand out at trade shows?
If we could all read one anothers minds would it bring the human race closer together or drive us further apart?
Generally, what are the best places/attractions to go/visit with a 21 year old college girl who you like/love/have feelings for?
Why do people only care about sex?
Why do people often claim that people from other nations are crazy drivers?
Why do some intellectual people tend to be unhappy?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
Why could I have such a bad tendency to be clingy?
How can I eliminate my sensitivity?
What is over-feminism?
What psychological issues are there when a person feels great fear that his parents will divorce?
"Every relationship has a limit. When that limit is reached it becomes fake." Is that true?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
Why do I tend to avoid interacting with people as I become increasingly familiar with them?
Which books/resources would you suggest to learn about human behaviour/social psychology/organisational behaviour relevant to B2B sales?
How do I convince my friend who is a philanderer (not in a sexual way) from proposing to a simple girl?
Why are evil people so healthy while good people suffer from chronic diseases?
What would make a woman repeatedly fall for men she can't realistically be with?
I'm only 13 but honestly, what's the point of living?
How would you describe a complainer?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Why do some children show more gender typical behaviour than others?
What are the first thoughts that come to your mind when you watch some foreigner walking on your nation's streets?
How do I stop overanalyzing social interactions?
I'm 20 and I don't have any hobbies, when did you discover yours?
How can I ask multiple questions in one conversation?
My friend's 14 years old son reacts violently with high level of sarcasm and has limited circle of friends. How should they deal with him?
Why is there a propensity to eulogize dictators after they die? Don't their victims count?
Who would you rather be friends with and why?
If you saw someone wearing a swastika armband, would you automatically write them off as a bad person?
What kinds of personality issues are at hand when someone says "I knew it was going to blow up in my face"?
What do people in East Europe think about "Night Wolves" bikers and their motocross devoted to the Victory Day?
How do I understand others' body language?
Is a person who wins formal debates and speeches, but doesn't like attending parties and informal conversations an introvert or Extrovert?
Why am I awkward around guys?
I am unable to picture faces when imagining people who are important to me. Why is that?
Why do people value recognition and praise so much?
I want to quit my job and start a business to help under privileged people. Is it stupid?
If Lord Krishna takes birth in India in this age, what could his life look like?
Why is my brain not motivated by hedonistic things like a normal human?
Is it normal that I can empathize or not empathize with whoever I want?
What causes someone to develop the savior syndrome?
How do you make someone have a crush on you?
Which labels about other people do you find useful and which ones do you try to see beyond?
In which fields is social psychology used, and how?
What do you do if you are mad?
How does the presence of an alpha male leader positively or negatively effect his organization’s culture?
What are some social psychology experiment ideas?
I'm a 16-year-old male and, while walking tonight, I got stalked by a stranger. He asked me to get in his car. How can I protect myself next time?
How can anyone persuade themselves to not care about other people?
What is a witty way to respond when someone interrupts you by saying “Are you finished”?
How can an introvert and extrovert personality be described?
Do you worry about what others think of you?
Due to a number of commitments, my social circle shrunk. I am now looking to expand it again. How do I do this?
What do millennials think about Simon Sinek's video about millennials in the workplace?
Is it wrong to make a recommendation to someone for something that can help them?
How do I deal with my son's passive aggressive step mother?
How and why some people don't care? (e.g. what others know)?
What qualities do rich women look for in men?
Are "invisible friends" as unique to the US as koro to Japan, thus being culture-specific syndrome?
Why would I prefer having a male persona in internet forums?
What are some tips on running a successful Meetup group?
How can I learn to care about people?
Is it true that someone you find attractive might not necessarily be attractive to someone else?
Can stigma be life threatening medically and psychologically?
What is happen inside a rioter's head after he raids, murders, or rapes others? Will he brags it to his families and friends?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
How do you convince extroverts that you're an introvert and need time alone without being judged harshly?
I need help. I'm losing myself. I can't open up to anyone. I've completely withdrawn myself from the world. What's going on?
If you took 2 people, one 'normal' and one extremely anti social, and put them in solitary confinement for say 80 days, who would go insane first?
Why are we called social beings?
Why do people like me more when I don't care?
What could you gather from a guy that watches Teen Wolf, The Originals and Riverdale? Isn't it a bit odd?
Does an increased level of aggregate compassion among a population lead to decline in productivity? Is there a social/economic theory linked to this?
Are sly digs a form of passive aggressiveness?
How old is your youngest and your oldest friend you regularly talk to?
Why is it rude to wear a hat indoors?
Who is the most charismatic person you know personally? Can you explain why they are like this?
In India, why do people care about marks more than skills and knowledge?
Why do people misconstrue a simple hearted person as being shrewd and calculative?
What are the three most important things that most Americans don't understand about how the rest of the world views us?
How can I stop being a needy person?
Why don't strangers smile, say "hello," and acknowledge each other anymore?
A guy I'm dating downloaded my pictures from Facebook and sent them to his male friend without asking me. Is this normal?
Can you suggest a social norm that I can break?
How do you stay happy as you withdraw from people?
What specific type of mental disorder is it when someone always feels sorry for himself/herself?
Why do I instinctively feel hostile toward obese people?
Are passionate people dangerous since they are extremists when it comes to things they are passionate about?
Was smelling more socially acceptable some decades ago?
Are people in general lacking in the ability to judge patterns beyond what is given as part of them or how they personally think they understand them?
How can I get to terms with the fact that attractive people get to experience sexuality and attraction much more lustful and exciting than ugly ones?
How do I stop inferiority complex of being a slow learner and absorber and just start to live in a highly competitive society?
Why do so many friends I see have egos?
Why do we keep lingering on the people who don’t even care about us?
Which one is better, bullying people of different country or religion or bullying your own people?
Your group receives a message asking for help for an ill person. Should you tell the others that the person will not survive?
Why do people still care about others' choices?
Why do we do favors for people even though we don't want to?
What is the psychological or sociological dynamic behind the apparent tendency of British people to not express their feelings?
Why don't older people care about killing fun?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
Should I say the truth when someone asks about my sister?
What can I do if some one keep harassing me over phone using multiple numbers?
What questions can drive a conversation towards a specific goal? What goal and why does this work?
I am an introvert who is in its early 20's(boy) and seems that life is boring and how I can change into an extrovert?
How do I fit in?
Should you 'just be yourself' if you are a bad person? Or should you change to suit others?
Why do some people seem to think breast size has something to do with promiscuity?
Does the increased presence of digital monopolies (Amazon, Facebook, Google, etc) increase herd-based thinking?
Why do people regularly choose to spend £5 on burgers rather than nutritious meals for the same price?
Why do some people like to reject opinions of others?
Psychologically, is it possible that I picked a mate who resembles my brother in order to fix the relationship between us?
Are unintelligent people more susceptible to social pressure?
Why are people with authenticity, conscience, kindness and selflessness (traits highly prized by society) easy targets for manipulators?
Why do i have to stand up for myself?
What does it mean when a guy sends you a photo of his outfit or new haircut?
I have never had a girlfriend or kissed a girl, I feel uncomfortable talking about girls with my friends, what can I do?
How do I survive a party when I don't know anyone?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
Why do narcissists discard their partners?
How do you deal with a friend with passive-aggressive behaviour?
What determines the age of sexual consent? What's the most logical method? Some countries have outrageously insane low ages such as Nigeria (11 years old).
How can I find flyrecord of someone?
What are some good examples of social concepts in psychology?
Do you fight back when you know you will lose a fight against someone?
Is it bad to be socially isolated?
What do you do when a lot of people are taking pictures of you for some reason you aren't aware of and it happens almost everyday? (around school)
What is the reason that people often give verdicts on others’ afterlife?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
What is the likely outcome of the currently generalised 'white privilege' racism?
If you said thank you to someone over the phone who'd just answered your question and they simply hung up, would you be offended?
How do you keep a united front against a 5 year old child with two authority figures, one who is strict and one who is permissive?
How can a socially awkward and un-confident person stand up for himself at work?
Why do you care about wisdom?
Could you get access to closed places and events if you just play very confident and important?
Why is it sometimes hard to accept oneself or other people as they are?
What do I do if a girl shows interest in the club/dancing?
Would a 49 year old man be considered an older man?
Other than a past lover, who has betrayed your trust the most?
What draws people to xenonationalism?
Someone I know collapsed and is unconscious, before this I disliked her, is that why I have no empathy for her?
Why do people always have opinions about other’s life?
Is making fun of somebody worse than hurting them physically?
Why is bullying a problem?
Why do some people support people who invade other people's privacy?
What are the most common lies women tell men?
Why is it not socially acceptable to wear a smog protection mask in some countries?
I am society's non-productive and malignant vagrant with no sense of integral direction, what good steps did you take when you used to be like me?
Where I can find a database of last words writing by people committed suicide?
If Willy Wonka had a wife, would she be more likely to be an Oompa Loompa, a Vermicious Knid, Frau Gloop or Miss Spider from James and the Giant Peach?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why do people try to eat peppers that are at least 1 million Scovilles?
Why do people want appreciation?
Do introverts suffer from inferiority complex?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
Is it possible for someone who has social phobia to also display sociopathic tendencies?
What is a good free way to cheer up a roommate?
How can the need for CEO’s or owners to own something vs to rent it (IT infrastructure) be described or explained in psychological terms?
Are people with ADHD socially awkward?
Why do the people that care about me call me a good person when I know I am not?
Why should we invest our time and energy for friendships?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do scientists explain that some people don't care about reading spoilers on the Internet?
Why do I always care about other people’s views of myself?
Do people that use Quora have difficulty expressing themselves in person?
What makes us argue so heatedly over things we know little about?
Should we care what other people think about us?
What are the psychological side effects of working hard and social isolation?
Why is it bad to eavesdrop when you can realise the true intentions of the person and their true character?
Do many people fake smiles, when they get their picture taken?
Is it better to project confidence or be genuine about your shortcomings when interacting with others?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
What are the effects of negative and positive peer pressure?
What is the psychology behind blaming others to hide bad behaviors?
Do people care about your achievements?
How can I control all the people in the world?
How do you feel when people inquire about your long deceased child, sibling or partner?
What do libertarians think of Sebastian Junger's book, Tribe, and its promotion of communitarian values and skepticism about Western individualism?
Can a schizophrenic control psychosis like a lucid dreamer does dreams?
If I find relief in hating people, should I keep doing it or do something about it?
How should I go about writing a 15 year old character who's been sheltered from evil and isolated from people their entire life?
When you can monitor the brain with the technology we have today in answering behavioral questions, does that make psychology/social science obsolete?
Why do empathic people think that everyone thinks like them?
How can I not care about what others think about me, when I have to coexist with those people on a daily basis?
How can you effectively deal with a passive aggressive person?
How can I feel comfortable talking to new people?
If someone says they live alone, do you automatically think they must be lonely?
Are emotions and IQ inversely proportional to each other?
How can I stop avoiding care from women at 22 years old?
How does a woman's view of a man differ, before and after sex with him?
Is it normal to not care about other people's feelings?
What do you consider good progress in society ?
Why can’t I live without being addicted to something?
Is rebooting a cable modem a sort of homeopathy for lost internet connections?
How do you stay fresh in a world where taste and priorities are always changing?
Why do I have such a hate and fear for people/strangers?
How do you advertise something for somebody to check out?
Why the term "big balls" is used to praise masculine behavior but there is no equivalent to praise feminine behavior?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
Can you be socially competent despite no social interaction in real life?
Is there a dominance and submission role in every human social relationship?
How can I improve my relationships or friendships with people?
Why do I find videos of public marriage proposals cringeworthy? (To the extent that I can't even finish watching the video)
I'm only confident/social when I've had a few successful interactions in the day, which doesn't happen often. How do I become permanently confident?
What does your branch of Buddhism believe of homosexuality?
What makes someone engaging?
Why aren't sociopaths, like pedophiles, listed on a central registry and barred from positions of responsibility?
In a future of sharing and "eco-awareness", how will rich people display their wealth?
What are good examples of unique customs that highlight universal truths of social behavior?
Why is being passive aggressive seen as negative, bad and fake?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Is it hard to fit in certain gay social groups?
I love a girl but don’t have the courage to tell her. How can I get over my emotions and forget her?
I have no friends what do I do I cant just make new ones everyone has their own clique?
Is it normal for people that know me to not greet me?
Is vlogging in public an example of breaking a social norm?
It seems people on Instagram have a good life. For example, traveling, enjoying good food, wearing good clothes, etc. Are they real or fake?
Why does he constantly come up in my thoughts? What should I do to stop hoping?
Are there any good boys or co-ed schools in Darjeeling and Siliguri that provide sociology and psychology for humanities?
Is it possible to completely understand how people feel in specific situations without being able to relate to them?
How do I get over my ex boyfriend's new relationship?
What kind of things should you avoid revealing about yourself to people?
Why do people not care about taking care of our environment for future generations?
Why do I have a high IQ but yet have an inferiority complex with respect to academics?
Why do some Quorans answer as if they are the perfect human beings with all the values? Are they being true to themselves when they do that?
Which is the greater evil, bigotry or terrorism?
How much familiarity does it take to breed contempt for 2 new lovers?
Why do I feel like I won't make it to adulthood?
Why did my father tell me to go find a locksmith during my 1-year-old son’s 1st birthday party and in consequence miss out on singing happy bday?
Why do only married women are supposed to have identifying symbols and not married men?
What are some of the situations where people used reverse psychology to their aid?
What is true authenticity? Is it sane to be truly authentic? At what point does authenticity become too much for happiness?
How do you characterize negative and positive peer pressure?
Is not caring about what others think or feel a good thing?
Do you feel beautiful today?
My coworkers often say I'm "so nice" or "really nice" and it kind of bothers me. How can I stop feeling annoyed about this?
What are best place for introvert?
How do you know when somebody knows you well?
Why do people react violently when a person doesn't follow the social norms?
Is bullying beneficial?
On which theory(IES) is the nordic (or Swedish, or Scandinavian) welfare model based?
Should I be upfront and tell the woman I used to date that it is OK for her to bring up her kid's dad in our conversations?
Seen from the point of view of the spiritually awakened, what is the Matrix?
Why do people think they are just an introvert or just an extrovert? Aren't people in many ways both?
What am I frustrated and angry at?
How can I passive aggressively get back at my Spanish teacher?
What do social psychologists do and what is the scope of social psychology in India and other countries abroad?
Why do humans want to dominate their fellow beings?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
Is it right to not care about other people and just try to be happy?
Why do some people find high social status attractive?
Why is it OK for a boy to marry a girl 4-5 years younger than him but it is a big deal when a girl decides to do d same?
If economic growth doesn't improve happiness, why do we push for it?
Why is it cool to know things, but not cool to learn them?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
What is the likelihood that a guy would ask a girl to go with him to his yoga class just because he loves yoga?
What is the best way to charm a person who is being passive aggressive?
Is there any place where people really care about each other?
Do people pretend not to care when they actually do?
A colleague kept belittling me in meetings. He gets angry when I give a different opinion & start shouting in front of everyone. Is this normal?
Do you think acronyms in texts come across as passive aggressive?
Why do people swear at politicians in public meetings?
How can I improve in my interactions with children?
Why do people care about their partner's sexual history?
How do you categorize the relationship with a man who does one thing and says another?
What can I do when Scientologists continue to try persuade me that I should go bridge?
How do I break up with my parent?
Why are people not careful with their phones?
What are some of the best anecdotes that you have used to help your clients during therapy?
Recently I've been opposed to even the slightest touch of human contact (even by my close friends) and I'm kind of worried for myself. What should I do?
How do I cope with school when all students choose their friends based on others’ status (rich, naughty, poor, nerd)?
What are the things you do to get over difficult times in your life?
When you meet someone that appears young and wealthy, do you typically assume it's mommy and daddy's money?
Do you recognize the cheapness or are you critical of many types of group dynamics?
Why do fans make us feel cool?
Why do some people love everything related with knowledge and other people really don't care?
How do I learn social Dynamics?
What would I call being scared of a lot of things?
All drugs of the mind create a dampening of the two conscious thinking minds called the real and the ethereal? Are we turning imagination on or off?
What should you do if everyone is bullying you everytime?
Some people say that leaving someone in solitary is the worst form of torture, but would it be so bad for someone who enjoys being alone?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
As humans should we be asking 1st world questions when there are people that don't have drinking water?
Why do people make jokes about their own sad life events?
Where does the complex of inferiority come from?
What is a critical assessment of Mead's theory of Mind, Self and Society?
What are the early signs that say you're in the wrong environment?
When a man touches a girls toes, is it a little version of intimacy?
Is the dislike of small talk a sign of high intelligence?
What are the damaging effects of loneliness in childhood and adolescence?
Why do some guys fall in love with their female best friend while others don't?
What resources and activities do you recommend to learn to “creatively” exploring patterns?
Does caring about social status and social rank make a person superficial and materialistic?
Why are some people so ignorant about the world around them?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
What is fairness entitlement syndrome?
As a parent, how can I cultivate the self-esteem of my children?
What mental disorder can cause emotional numbness?
What would be one book to recommend to someone who loves social psychology, anthropology and sociology?
Why is my emotional thought process so black and white in relationships?
Why does everybody care so much about what watch a person and/or a leader wears?
What type of person I am?
What is the most suitable punishment for someone who fools with the hearts of others?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why am I always so awkwardly silent, even with my friends? People always call me boring.
How can I overcome shyness, low self-confidence and low self-esteem all at once?
Did you ever meet anyone nice at a 99 cents pizza place?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
Do most societies view introversion as inferior or as a weakness? Why or why not?
Is it okay to depend on other people’s thinking, decisions, and desires?
Does communism erode social cohesion?
What are the elements of a wonderful and successful online persona?
What's the easiest way to flash a social smile in the workplace when you don't find something funny?
If you want to start a new life away from your abusive family. Where do you go: Europe, US, AU?
How would a person act if they were never validated, but only either corrected or ignored?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
What are some tips for dealing with people who unintentionally bring out the worst in you?
What is the most universal sign of good will?
Why is it that people seek to escape reality through drugs?
Why do Madurai people are blindly tagged as rude and violent by outsiders?
Why does my wife refuse to sign a receipt for the money that I provide her monthly?
Will I always have a tendency towards depression?
How does one get used to his/her own voice?
Why do movies show psychopaths as dangerous and serial killers?
How can a socially awkward introvert succeed at life?
Are there jobs that combine trend forecasting, sociology, economics, politics, culture, and science/technology?
How can a psychopath extend their acceptance into others 'tribes' before they're kicked out for not actually caring about others?
Why do people want to be liked?
What if you are an introvert and you are forced to attend social gatherings?
How do I handle someone who is clingy and intense?
Do young people care about preserving cultural identity as much as older people?
Why is society money oriented?
Have you ever cut in lines?
What is considered unacceptable in a relationship?
Is there a scientific method for falling out of love, or breaking a psychological or physical attachment to someone?
Why do people not care what others think about them?
Why do humans need social interaction?
Why do so many people not care about others?
Will people like you better if you're not trying to sell them things?
What is the least socially accepted pain?
A happy-go-lucky guy I hang out with freaked out over the idea of dating me. This depressed me. How do I get over it?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
How do I stop being childish and immature?
How do I get rid of my shyness and social anxiety in one year?
How can I make people know I care for them at the moment?
What is it like to move to a new country on the opposite side of the world with your family as a child?
Why is it that very few Quorans almost never improve their answers based on comments given? How do you feel about it?
I dated a woman at work for a few months, and then she reunited with her kid's father. How do I stop torturing myself and end my feelings for her?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
What are some open questions to ask somebody to have something to say in a conversation?
What should I do if people don't respect me and exploit me?
Why would someone play the victim if they're the ones attacking and insulting you while you literally remain patient and ignore them the majority of the time?
Why do people say they love you but don't want to share their money?
What is the way out from my life situation?
What startup ideas do people simply not care about?
Guys, would you ever take your platonic female friend on the back of your motorcycle with you?
What is the moral consequence of not helping family member in need?
Do people care about humanities research or do they think it's a waste of time?
Why was I confident as a child, but not now as a teenager?
Can someone be perfect?
What is the best way to get someone to do a favor for you?
Why do people care less about their friends than their current partners?
What are some jobs for socially awkward people?
Is "bigger is better" social conditioning or something more primal?
Will police crawl through an unlocked window if the doors are locked during an urgent welfare check?
What is the work of an organisational psychologist? What is the difference between organisational psychology and social psychology? Which one has more scope?
What is the main reason for all the problems in India?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to "love" an older woman?
How can Maslow's hierarchy of needs be used with Myers Briggs test results?
Can sharing similar feelings reduce stress?
How can you tell if a guy has feelings for you, even though there is an underlying reason you can’t be together?
Why do I fall for a guy who seems to not care about me but sees to only care about sexual attention?
Does shared bitterness help relationships last?
What are ways we could apply what we know about the fundamental attribution error to provide a better memorable customer experience?
Why do men tell you things to get you to worry about them?
What are some cooking knowledge and advice that isn't common?
What are the most effective ways of combating bigotry and prejudice?
Have you noticed that when people ask if they should give someone in their life another chance, the resounding answer is almost always no?
What are some interesting fact about you?
What is it called when people think the worst of others?
Is not following the herd mentality the new herd mentality nowadays?
What is more addictive than heroine?
Why can't I deal with other's (e.g. classmates) having a smartphone equal or superior to mine?
Is having a deep conversation with any woman the key to getting her to fall in love with you?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
Will I grow out of being socially awkward as a socially awkward teenager?
How can I kiss a random guy I'm interested in while at a large gay dance party?
How can sharing a bad feeling help us?
How does an introvert become famous around strange people?
Is it wrong to be apathetic? Logically, what makes you not apathetic?
Is victim mentality a behavior more performed by women?
What are the signs that show a girl cares about you as more than a friend?
What is increasingly becoming socially acceptable?
Is Donald Trump a gift to democracy?
What is the trend behind a blind selfie?
To what extent can organizations be said to operate as a single entity and not a set of separate individuals with different aims?
How does a highly sensitive person get over caring so much about how others perceive or think about them?
Why does everyone want to be the one who changes the world?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Why is everyone in my family so uncomfortable with any form of expressing emotions?
Are ethics and morality perceived differently between the average person in China and America?
Why do some people refer to Europeans/European-Americans as just being "white," but describe others by their individual ethnicity?
Is it normal to feel very uncomfortable when you are at a party where you don't know anyone?
What do you think glasses say about the person wearing them?
How would a person be if he had 0 percent stress level?
What is the legal or psychological technique/strategy where you repeat a lie again and again to effectively get the audience to believe it?
Is it bad to pretend you're someone else?
Do things come to us when we extensively dream about them/ wish for them or when we dont seek them?
Should I double major in psychology and sociology because of class overlap?
Can I become a child psychologist without a bachelor's degree in psychology? And is it possible to become one with a bachelor's in sociology?
How do I gain social status?
Do people like others to know about what they are reading or do they like to keep it to themselves?
Why do some countries have so much less regard for customer service than others?
Why are people so obsessed about having their photos clicked everywhere they go? Should we ignore narcissists obsessed with selfies?
Why don't people care about the environment?
Do people who are self-obsessed really care about others?
What is the difference between being a very passive aggressive person and having a passive aggressive personality disorder?
What if people actually said what they felt about others?
Is it normal to not participate in certain social situations and not like most people?
Why is there so much stigma in being "weak"?
How do we make depression socially acceptable?
Why would a father pick on his daughter’s looks so relentlessly?
What does it mean when a guy is frequently pushing things into your lap, throwing things at you, or messes with stuff you're using? Why do guys do it?
How can (or can't) you trust the Church when it asks believers to blindly trust its judgement more than their own conscience/reason?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
Why would you not feel insignificant and not important as a human being if you have been abandoned by your mother when you were 6 years old?
Why do some people not care when someone is talking?
When I'm asking questions to a girl, they are just giving the simple answer and without giving any questions in return, what could the reason be?
How do I overcome from my inferiority complex about my knowledge?
Is demonetization a public rape by Modi?
If you were given 1 trillion $ to create (as much as practically possible) a perfect world, how would you do it?
What does the fact, that we are primed to fight over the smallest conflict or criticism, say about our society and how we relate to each other?
What can a person say/do that would make you wish to talk to/see them again?
Why do some men think women at bars are insecure or have low self esteem?
It seems like my body doesn't allow skin-to-skin contact. Why?
Why is it important for you to express your feelings?
What is the social status of black people in Japan?
Is it possible for a cult to start online?
How do I stop caring about what others think as a teen?
Do mutual support/self help groups encourage codependent behavior?
Is the person who sexually assaulted you actually wrong? Is sexual assault always wrong? Why do I have such conflicting feelings about sexual assault?
What does “no eye contact post-relationship” mean?
How do I control the obsessive use of mobile phone?
How do I improve my relationship with everyone if I am an introvert? What measures and practices are taken by introverts to make a mark on other people?
Why do nerd characters in media tend to be portrayed as having stereotypically effeminate manners?
How do I avoid people without appearing rude?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
How do I attract influencers to join my interest-based social platform (FearlessLittle.com)?
If you don't crave sex, and you stay single forever, does it mean there is something wrong with you?
Does it mean a guy is into you if he clearly likes it when you worry about him?
Why do I cringe and feel awkward for people?
What's the most passive aggressive thing you have ever done in your life?
Why do people care about the smell at the gym?
Why do we need the company of other people?
Why do people cater to currency and their jobs more than to people who actually care about them and genuinely love them?
Is society an invention or does it occur naturally?
What makes a person good?
Is listening the best skill to have?
If two people look exactly alike and are treated as if they are the same person, what will they develop personality-wise and psychologically?
Am I a bad person for despising having to have lunch with the same office colleagues every day?
Why am I socially awkward?
What do you think when our brain increase size?
What would you think if your best friend liked your brother?
Why do I force myself to read my whole feed?
Why are people judged by their past?
Why do I care so much about life and people?
Why should I respect the personal autonomy of conscious creatures?
Are most people lonely?
How important is it for someone to get married or to attach themselves to a significant other at some point in their life?
How can you tell if people are intimidated by your presence?
Why do some people produce negative vibes or aura around us even if they do not want or mean to do so?
What do you think of fraternities/sororities?
Why some people are more social?
One guy is super smart but is an asshole. The other guy is dumb as a rock but nice as hell. Which one would you sit next to in class and befriend?
When should you help someone who does not want help?
How do you stop caring or getting sucked into it when your family is dysfunctional?
A worker at my hostel asked me for money because his child is very ill. He also told me not to tell anyone. Should I give him some money?
Where is the place where I can shout all my sorrows and cry so much?
Why do so many names begin with J?
Why does no one want to be friends with me?
Is crime good for society?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
Can abused children without families or support ever find peace and become functional on their own as adults?
How do I choose the right people who can work as a team and who care about the team/company, not people who care about their own success and desires?
Being an introvert, I know socializing isn't one of my strengths. How do introverts manage the cruelty of silence when running out of words in any conversation?
Why do people think I'm gorgeous?
What happens to those boys who live secluded life in college days?
Are people losing interest in reading and writing poems nowadays? Why?
Is there someone you find interesting without having ever spoken to them? What is so appealing about them?
What would be the psychological state of a guy if all women on Earth lusted after him? (They all lust after him but are incapable of loving him)?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
What are some lessons for a new bank employee?
Do people with exaggerated patriotism suffer mostly from superiority or inferiority complex?
What do you understand about society?
Why is looking in the eye so important and uncomfortable?
Why are people so fake these days? Why are they so self-centred? They'll call you best friend when in need and forget the very next moment!
Why would a group of intelligent, college educated, adults pass by a field with cows and yell “MOOO” at the cows?
How is an Oedipus complex experienced with same-sex parents?
I feel like a loser in the social world, what are some good social TV series to help me change?
How would people react if it were proven that anyone can be attracted to the same sex?
Why do people care about spoilers?
What does the double eyes emoji mean?
Do I have a psychological problem?
Why do people try to peep into others social accounts?
Is it possible for girls to like socially awkward guys?
What is a "low maintenance person"?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
What are examples of famous speeches or lectures that compelling and successful but are actually logically incoherent or grammatically incorrect?
How do I live the best life possible?
How do I perform the mirror exercise more effectively?
Why would a child scream frequently on a regular basis out of the blue?
Should a person cover up all their flaws and make themselves look perfect?
From the age of 13 up, do some people truly change? I believe a person doesn't change unless they want to.
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
Why is it difficult for me to care for others?
Why do Indian girls overuse the word love when they also don't care about it much?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How can I master body language reading and persuasion?
Is it wrong to be attracted to other people while you're in a relationship?
Why do people care about hypocrisy?
Do liberal arts students have easier and better social lives than science students?
At what hour of the day is it socially acceptable to have your first beer?
Why don't some people respect the time of others?
What would happen if you had no pulse?
How can I be liked by extremely introvert women?
Why are there so many people who hate Intel corporation?
Why do narcissists hurt the people who genuinely care so much about them?
You have a gun to your head. It's you or a complete stranger. That stranger is a child. What do you do?
What does it mean when the person you just met is already calling you nickname?
Why do Asian Indians seems so socially awkward at work?
Why do people love to force their way of living or religion on others?
What is the society interaction?
Why do difficult people have to make things so complicated/burdensome? How do you deal with these types of people?
Why am I such a bitter, twisted old hag?
Assuming proof existed, could any "good" result from learning about average genetic differences in socially valued traits between human groups?
Would joining Toastmasters help an introvert?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
Does opportunism and classism go hand in hand?
What is the classiest way a woman has relayed she wants to have sex with you?
What does it mean when a guy starts calling you a cute nickname to try to get you to smile when you're sad?
Does a guy ever think about how much trust a woman has in him? What situations make you think about how much she trusts you?
Why did girls stop flirting with me after college?
Why do I only care about people that I know are emotionally hurting?
Why does sharing a song you like with someone feel intimate?
I have very strong urges to hurt children both mentally and especially physically. This does not apply to blood relatives. What help should I get?
Why do we care so much about other's teeth health state?
What should you do if you are being bullied in your company?
Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
What techniques do you use to anchor yourself in a lucid dream? And how much are you able to manipulate them before getting kicked out?
Why do men get emotional when they receive a surprise gift from a female friend?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
Does a kid that talks in a overbearing voice look cute at 5 years old yet when an older person is overbearing is it not cute anymore?
Why is it that a passive aggressive individual are so quick to play the victim role?
How do psychopaths deal with Jehovah's Witnesses?
How do I approach a girl to talk to her/get to know her?
Why can it be so hard to accept trusted and loved organisations and institutions have committed wrongs or failed people?
What political leanings would each of the MBTI types have?
How can I make hugs longer without it being awkward?
Where or from whom have you learned most about seduction?
Who actually cares about the Kashmiris?
I always feel nostalgic. How do I get rid of this soon?
Why do we worry about things that people don't care about?
How do I make friends with ants?
Can one, in a way, say psychologically manipulative people can't distinguish their impulses from reality?
What are some arguments against those who claim that the racial differences in IQ come from racial instead of cultural and environmental factors?
What's the negative meaning of tit for tat?
How long will it take for us to become "civilised"?
Is there an area of study that focuses on the propagation, creation, and destruction of ideas in societies?
What makes someone selfish?
Is it impossible to live the life that I've always wanted?
My closest friend is constantly trying to put me down and insulting me because of jealousy. I can't just ignore or leave him. How can I deal with him?
I have to write about human nature in my English class and I argue that humans are bad naturally. What sources can I use for this essay?
Why is it that many times a person dislikes a song at first, but after repeated exposure, they begin to enjoy it?
How do you learn to love pressure?
Will I be beaten, if I hit a cow on Indian streets?
What is the best way to appease two opposing ethical systems simultaneously?
What are the general principles to climb or destroy hierarchies? Are there any movie scene examples?
I told a Somali woman that her name sounded like it was ancient Egyptian and she gave me a stare like she got very offended. Did I do something wrong?
Are human relationships designed to fail after two years?
Why would a girl with whom you have never talked to or seen on a daily basis at a jogging park, change directions when seeing you?
How can I help my sister who is depressed due to her broken marriage?
If women and men could have children on their own and decide the sex, which of them would win on the long term?
What was your highest view count in one day, and how do you explain the reason that the subject of that most viral answer was so popular to so many?
Is it acceptable to judge people according to social groups?
What corrupts people the most? Money, material items, or power?
What are your thoughts on men sitting with their legs crossed?
When should you assert power over adapting to people's personalities?
Is love just an expression of physical and emotional human needs?
What things or traits or behaviours can be attributed as a person's own, and which ones can be considered as borrowed?
Why do people want to be associated with those in high social status even if it is not going to fetch them anything?
Why do people tend to ignore others' warnings?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
Why do people think I'm awkward?
What factors keeps the people united?
Have you ever witnessed a woman being derogatory towards another woman for wearing a red dress?
How important is a hug?
If people don't care about society, couldn't everyone in charge take over the world?
Why are so many Canadians passive aggressive?
Can constructive criticism cause more harm than good?
How do you not sweat the small stuff?
Why do psychopaths/sociopaths have to wear a 'mask' when they say that they don't care what people think about them?
Is it more acceptable to bottle things up instead of whining?
Does almost no one have an open mind?
I realise I put on a mask that is tailored fit for different people, what does it say about me?
How do you know if you have nothing in common with a certain social group or group of friends?
As a manager, what is a good response when people say you have an easy job or joke about how you "do nothing all day"?
Are romantic relationships a syndrome of capitalism?
How does free charge comes in dielectric?
What are the most significant things happening right now?
If "loading" someone were possible, how would someone do this?
Do students who go to single-sex schools become socially awkward later in life?
If I go to a club with people older than me (thirties), will they not check my ID?
You are handed a blank cheque and told to buy the thing you've always wanted no matter the cost. What do you buy?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
Is voice calling considered intrusive?
How effective is blackmail?
Does fashion allow people to express their individuality or does it force people to conform to be fashion?
Is there a specific psychological reason Top Writers on Quora often start answers with "I love this question!"?
In a democratic system, does everyone's voice have the same weight?
How can I become influential?
What are you strangely thankful for?
What makes a person think horrible things about another?
Do you find "bad words" attractive?
Who is a philanthrophist?
Does this crowdfunding idea have a chance to be successful?
What does it mean when the man I dated for 4 months text me, "you have no idea how crazy you make me…"?
What is a best psychological hack that can enhance my way of living and my social relationship?
Should we care what strangers think about us?
Should I rent my own place or stay with family?
Is free will real in this world where every action of everyone is guided by some or the other constraint, (social, psychological or otherwise)?
What is the best example of tit for tat?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
Why is drinking alcohol alone frowned upon?
What words make people feel really crazy?
What are some examples of social facilitation in psychology?
If you had to say something in general to/for Indian girls, what would it be?
Is it a red flag that the guy I'm dating initiated flirtatious contact in a store today with a girl who looked to be 10 -12 years old?
Why do humans seek social acceptance?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
How can I stop overthinking that which has no concrete answer so I can worry about things I can change?
On which social networking platform do people care about others' profile the most?
Why do people who complain a lot usually get what they want?
What are some beliefs that instantly put you off the person who holds them?
Why do some Asians have inferiority complex and want to be white?
What should I do to get a girl out of my mind?
Was there a particular strategy behind why Trump repeated the keywords "Obama" and "wiretap" in a 27 minute continuous roll out of tweets?
Why are Indian people generally not reflective, introverted, individualistic, liberal, artistic, philosophical & respectful of others' private lives?
Has it ever happened that you were backbiting about someone and he was just sitting behind you?
Is there any reliable sources dealing with the notion that what you don’t like about others is what you don’t like about yourself?
Can you see an unresolved Oedipus complex in extreme left slanted handwriting?
Is it possible to function without any social support system?
Which country people face the most social pressure in their society?
What are some useful things to know about psychology?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Does anyone actually want, or like, to be a bad person?
Does someone feel jealous of someone else's success? Because I do but don't know how to overcome that feeling and be happy as I'm not a bad person?
What are some superheros that don't care what others think?
Why does everybody not think highly of me?
Why do people care about what Ali Alshamsi does, or how much money he makes, etc.?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
What make you as a person has a good self-esteem since you were a child?
How can I care more about people that care about me?
Why do conservatives seem less sensitive to criticism than liberals?
Why do some people love to lecture others?
Which countries have a legal structure for cohabitation?
Is it better to say "who are you?" rather than "what's your name?"
How can I identify with the ethnicity of my adopted family and my ancestral ethnicity?
Is it ever Ok to blame yourself for being bullied?
Does Venmo have you add Facebook friends in order to ensure that you are making transactions with people who you know to avoid scams?
What is your favorite way to manipulate people?
How do you know if a guy is emotionally attached to you?
Socializing is difficult for me. I tend to not care about conversations. I also experience social anxiety. Am I an introvert or just socially awkward?
How do I deal with a passive aggressive daughter in law when I'm confrontational?
How about a day without technology every week?
Why do political parties usually care more about their survival than doing what’s best for society?
What are some things that only happen in (the state of) Georgia?
Why do people care about my acne?
Are there lots of people who are unadapted to living in modern complex societies?
Are you more driven by ego than you sometimes care to admit to yourself?
Why do some people enjoy living vicariously through games like Sims, shows/movies, celebrities instead of living life & attempt to do what they like?
How do I determine if someone is trustworthy?
Why do I get self-conscious in public when I don't care what others think?
What are the best ways to deal with Social Engineer, Manipulative, Seductive, Narcissistic personality?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
Why do people so much obsessed with new year parties though its not an achievement?
How can I overcome inferiority complex and self-consciousness?
Is there a distinction between personality, individual differences, and group differences in experimental social psychology?
Do sociopaths care about what others think?
What would you say to a suicidal person preparing to jump off a bridge?
When a guy asks you about spending time with another guy, does it mean he's interested in you?
Would you prefer to work for either a man or a woman? Based on your answer, in what ways would they differ?
Is there any contention between self-esteem and jealousy? If you watch a lot of TV shows about rich people, will it manipulate your self-esteem?
What are the common elements between a family and a business?
Why do people only talk about black slavery and little about Ancient Romans enslaving whites, Muslims as slaves, etc.?
Why would an ex maintain eye contact with me then walk right past me?
Why is Pinterest so popular among women but not men in 2017?
Do people care that I don't have that many friends?
What books do you recomend to start studying about psychology and sociology?
What are the most noticeable things that people living under oppressive regimes don't know they are missing?
How do you cope when you realize you need to stop caring for someone so much?
Which universities in Dubai host master's degrees in Social psychology?
What single action (done by me) can improve our world?
How will the radical lack of privacy affect people and public life in the future?
When deciding how much to care about someone, how much do you factor in how many other people care about them (aka if not enough people care)?
What should I do so I don't care that much about other people's opinion?
How do I ask somebody to leave without being awkward?
Why do people always stare at my face?
How have you learned microexpressions and is it useful for you? What do you think of it?
Do people give you looks or stares in public if you avoid making eye contact with them?
What is it that stops us from becoming what we want?
People dislike me because of how poorly I speak. What can I even do to fix myself when no one will help me?
What are the elements of self in social psychology?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
My landlady is being extra nice to me and I don't know how to feel about that. Does she expect something in return?
What is the best way to describe experiences?
With reference to the latest empirical studies, how do we explain the biochemical and psychological factors that influence interpersonal attraction?
From a psychology standpoint, do people really not care about facts?
What are some effective tactics of non-verbal intimidation?
Would you accept to have sex with Donald Trump for an entire hour in exchange of 50 million dollars?
At what age are people out of the smoking weed thing?
In what countries do people care the least about people in other countries?
What is the difference between order effect and sequence effect?
Is it true that in the degree a person has more intelligence, there is less a need for socialization and vice versa?
Why does society think that introverts don’t have lives?
Is it really so bad that I have no friends, by choice?
Why are people in Zürich so arogant and less social?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
Is it normal to be 23 and still feel extremely shy and anxious all the time?
What would happen if private life were forbidden?
Has the sense of community declined in America?
Have you ever fallen out of love, and then back in love with your partner?
If I don't eat and drink and exercise for two hours a day, will I be skinny in five months?
Can histrionic personality disorder be cured?
Why can't I believe people care about me?
Could it be a sign of a lack of self-respect when a man double-barrels his surname with his wife's (e.g Smith-Weston)?
Why are some people attracted to people who don't care about their well being at all, while pushing away the ones who would actually heal them?
A few months ago my father passed away and I am 22 years old. I am the only income source but I have been unable to work since that day. What should I do?
Why does a 5 year old want adults to do stuff that he should by himself already and if that is not correct explain why?
Can social awkwardness be influenced by someone who socially awkward too?
What's the difference between descriptive and prescriptive stereotype?
What are the social benefits and detriments to trusting?
Why do people care about what other people wear?
What's the biggest difference between 'mirrored politeness' and 'mindful kindness' as a way of being?
Is there a psychological term that describes calling someone crazy to deflect/hide the truth?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
Does Deloitte care more about looks than qualifications?
Why do passive-aggressive people tend to aggravate me so much, and does that mean I'm a mean person?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
Besides good posture and a great smile, what are some tips for projecting positive "presence" when I walk into a room?
What behavior will make you feel that the other is well educated and well-bred?
Why do humans have a social conscience? Is there a natural instinct that drives us to care about others?
Why do some people consider actors to be pretentious? Why are their award shows called pretentious? Would you say these people judging are correct?
Why does it motivate some people when others make them feel down?
Why are there double standards here?
When men feel an emotional connection with a woman, do they usually want to be sexual with her too?
Philosophically, why should we care about the oppression of people by their governments and ideologies?
If I start to go on my treadmill five times a day as well as not eat and drink at all, will I be skeleton-like in three months?
Why especially in India it becomes mandatory (or convenient) to take a side? Why can't we give neutral opinion?
What are the basics of body language?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
What does it mean when you start to lose interest after the guy you like starts to show interest?
Why should people care about LGBTQ rights in other countries?
If people are such social beings, then why do introverts exist?
Can I enter a graduate clinical psychology or social work program without psychology or social work undergraduate credits?
Is passive aggressive behavior a major characteristic of covert narcissism?
How do I get strong body and personality for menial labour jobs?
Is it okay if a guy friend who claims to love you, comments about your body parts, or asks you why can't you be intimate with him?
Why would people confuse confidence with arrogance? Is it because they're insecure,so they try to bring you down to boost their self-esteem? What is it?
Why am I not able to forget my ex-girlfriend?
How would a man describe the feeling of being protective of a girl?
What are the main differences between antisocial personality disorder and Schizoid Personality Disorder?
What is your advice to a 23-year-old man who wants to live his life after having been ignored by his mother since he was 6 years old?
Can someone be overeducated?
Why are there so many passive aggressive questions about Trump?
How does someone accept being alone?
How can I get rid of the feeling "what others will think of me" and "what others think of me"?
How do you respond to passive-aggressive manipulators who claim that they were "only kidding?"
If Santa Claus was real, would people treat each other better?
What is the best way to help a negative friend who is used to complaining out?
Why are some girls very promiscuous?
Why all the peoples follow great personalities?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
How can I respond to a passive aggressive person?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Do friends change over period of time? Why
How do I deal with a sociopathic bully?
What would you do if your manager tried to belittle you on your first day of work?
How do I solve my belonging issues?
How can I go from the most socially awkward person at a very small school to a very forgettable unnoticeable one?
I feel that life is flowing around me and I'm losing many opportunities but then again I don't want to achieve anything. What does that mean?
Is it weird that I find myself beautiful?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
Where can one master brainwashing that’s online and free?
Do you hate cowards?
Does the internet give an effective "advantage" (and in a sense even "safe space") to people who can't keep their appropriate distance from others?
What are some good, informative books on cliques and adolescent psychology?
How do I know if I'm a shy extrovert?
How can someone be an extrovert when they have found out that they are an introvert? Is it really necessary to be an extrovert in order to get married?
What does it feel like to think too much?
How do I get accepted by members of a social group?
Is it true that average person use too many swear words in his mind while thinking?
How did the evolution of bipedalism in humans affect the social organisation of Early Man?
At what age have you stopped caring about what others think of you?
I have social anxiety. I'm terrified of facing my fears (people) and being in public alone. How can I muster the courage to face my fears?
Why do IITans identify themselves as such on Quora?
Is it unhealthy to focus on how I want to be perceived?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
What questions might you ask if you are concerned that a client might be in a crisis situation and at risk of committing suicide?
How do a boy and a girl hook up?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
Why is my brother dating a girl without any life ambitions?
Why do guys send girls photos of things? Is he trying to impress me?
Are you racist if you sometimes subconsciously view other ethnicities as inferior, but consciously believe all to be equal?
Is it hard to make money and take money out of the pockets of others?
Why does it feel like the Quora readers are my family and it feels right and good to express myself with them more than my actual family?
What should everyone know about the psychology and sociology of fandom?
What are some lesser talked about social rules?
Is it better to learn how to deal with people by reading books on social skills or having an active social life?
Is it fun to lie?
How does one resolve the conflict between being oneself and being what others want one to be?
How can you tell the difference between platonic touch and intimate touch?
How can big law associates work 90+ hours a week if there is a limit to will power?
Recently traveled to America (LA) for business. Why do strangers there look at me and smile or compliment me?
How do I act with considiration of other people naturally?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
I am wildly in love with a close friend but it's long distance, do I tell her?
Why people judge one for being. an introvert?
How can one stop being desperate for love and stop being hopeless about happiness?
How can I strengthen my character and not be weak inside anymore? (Regarding relations with other people)
When I see a bug in my apartment I feel a predatory instinct to kill it. What are some theories as to why this is the case? Is the reaction universal?
What makes you nervous?
Is it okay to look at people with a critical eye?
"Do what you are passionate about" - isn't that just selfish and arrogant advice that keeps you from the good opportunities that are out there?
Are people kind?
Were you socially awkward? If so, how do you cope with it?
How can I start letting myself have real relationships with people again?
What are the zeitgeist of today’s times? How are people psychologically and sociologically affected?
Do you care about other people?
If suddenly all humans could solve almost any mathematical problem nearly instantaneously depending upon the size of their computer what would happen?
What is it called when you believe strongly in something but everyone believes the opposite and you begin to doubt yourself despite the evidence?
Why do we stress when other people are stressed?
Does anyone care about the Syrian people because of religion, seems to me it is like 1938 when no one care about what the Jews?
I’m embarrassed at school after a boy caught me hugging and kissing a woman painted on the wall. What should I do to restore my reputation?
Why do people like us when we assume they like us?
How do I overcome feelings of inferiority around women due to lack of dating experience?
How can I stop being nervous, worried, and afraid in front of women?
Why do people take advantage of a Quiet Person?
Why do sometimes persons satisfy society first as in their life goals and then try to satisfy their own personal life goals?
Does every parent love their second child more than their first child or is it just mine?
What sense are we using when we perceive someone's stare?
How do you manage a team of introverts and extroverts?
Is the theory of constructed emotion commonly believed among psychologists? Is it better supported by evidence than competing theories?
How should I stop having the habit of ignoring people?
What does it really mean when you're making out with a girl and she says something along the lines of 'tell me I'm pretty'? And is this common?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
If you consider manipulation as negative, Which cases do you think that persuasion would be a form of manipulation?
Why are people inherently bad?
I always feel that somebody is going to harm me. How can I stop this feeling and concentrate on studies?
How do you describe the trust in a relationship where there is unspoken approval?
Why do many feel threatened by conformity and normalcy?
What is something that you don't like to admit?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm not used to talking to people?
What are the social and psychological effects on people living in a country with royals?
Why do people want to know about a thing even if they don’t care?
How do you learn to become comfortable in your own skin so to speak?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
Do people care what you have to say?
If shyness isn't a disability then why does it have to be overcome?
Why do Android users hate Apple so much more than Apple users hate Android?
Have you ever realized you had a really sturdy, trusting relationship by accident with a friend of the opposite sex?
How would you deal with someone that you share peanut butter with, but they stick their fingers in to scoop instead of using a spoon?
Why is it that we want the ones that don't see us instead of the ones that do?
Why humanity has invented filthy language, but now trying to avoid it?
Will having a moral compass hurt you or help you?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
How can I overcome shyness in front of people?
How can I avoid the trap of group think?
Why is making friends among locals in countries such as Norway, Netherlands or Finland so difficult for an American?
What is the use of having a knowledge without having a job in your hands?
Why does 8/10 sound so much better than 4/5 in terms of rating?
What can be said about inconsistent actions of a friend?
As an introvert, have you ever had to make an effort to be more extraverted for the people you care about? What was that like? Was it worth it?
How much do you care about people's opinions on you, on a scale 1 to 10?
What is the relevance of social psychology in a work place?
What would be the way to become rich by using a time machine?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
If I don't eat and drink at all and exercise on my treadmill for two hours a day, will I be bone showing skinny in six months?
How can we dig ourself out of the hole of lies that is getting bigger?
How can I overcome with insecurity &inferiority of small height?
Is it appropriate to ask the professor who I worked as a Lab Manager for a letter of recommendation?
What are some interesting psychological phenomena?
Why do some people pretend to be good?
How ok is it to be thinking about those who don't care a bit about you?
Why are some people unkind to and wary of strangers?
What are some examples of passive aggressive statements?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
Do societies which have strong family ties value their community less?
How does a person come to behave in a passive aggressive manner?
When is it unfair to "read" someone based on their body language, tone, and/or expression?
How does the culture in North and South Sudan differ?
What should I learn to be able to support depressed and suicidal people in my circles?
Why don’t homeless people work?
What are some useful things to be aware of when it comes to corporate politics in today's day and age?
What if we do not have names? Do you think this would highly affect our behaviors and the way we live?
Can someone clearly explain Pseudocertainty Effect in psychology and how we can make use of it in social situations?
Why is being completely truthful and unfiltered in every social interaction considered to be pathological and/or a social handicap?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Why do models almost always date successful athletes?
What can we share with others and what can't we?
Is being a furry socially unacceptable?
Do Seeking Arrangement websites work?
What psychological characteristics are distinct with porn actors/actresses and what factors generally influence their lifestyle?
How can you break dogmatic thinking?
Are there any people who overcame severe inferiority complex and became successful?
What if any studies have been done in regards to violence towards men from female’s that is progressively occurring more and more in film and TV?
How does social media affect the brain?
What are some other things that we should care about other than career, family and health?
How can I be less reserved, when getting to know people and be more spontaneous?
Why are they making fun of depression?
Why do extroverts feel as they do when they rarely socialize?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
Why do we treat people so badly when they mean the most to us?
Are Syeds kind people?
What is a powerful and respectful posture to adopt during a verbal confrontation?
Can a person have low self esteem and be a narcissist?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
What is the difference between a flirty compliment and sexual harassment?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
Would having an open and secure mentality towards sexuality and sex reduce crimes like rapes and sex assaults?
Do snakes exhibit any group behavior related to social hierarchies?
Can you help me become less awkward and socially anxious at school? I have trouble relating to the other guys.
How do I earn respect in my daily life?
Why are farts socially unacceptable?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why is 30 years old considered old?
Why do I feel like the cleaning lady at my parents house sees me as someone that could eventually take their job?
Is there a way to be fully independent of the opinions of others and don't care?
Why do I struggle so much with social interaction?
Why should everyone conform to the society especially when it's a corrupt society?
Why do some people have the tendency to project an image of wealth even though they are not wealthy at all?
Should you care or not care about what people think?
Is it okay to care about certain sciences and not care about other?
Why can't my mom understand that I am depressed?
What is the best way to prevent a parent from living vicariously through you?
How can I charge more money for the same product/service?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
Can people look like they have down syndrome, but they don't?
Is there anyone you don't like but you respect?
Is it proper to enter a relationship during high school?
Why don’t “unsuccessful” people usually like “successful” people?
Which personality traits help children succeed in life and which hold them back?
How do you manage your superiority?
Can socially awkwardness be genetic?
Why do people care so much about these arbitrary rules of language?
How would you react if a girl told you she meant every bit of support she shows you?
What does being on a social break feel like?
Do unkind people also contribute to the world?
Why do people bully? Is it their inferiority complex that they bully to protect themselves or is it just plain ego?
What's it like to reunite with a person you care deeply about?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
Why some people are not accepted by others no matter how good they are or how much they do for others?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What's wrong with climbing over a row of chairs from behind to get to a seat rather than trying to contort your body past all the seated humans?
What are ways to find myself again?
What are some terrible applications of empathy?
What goes on in the minds of elderly people when girls bring their male friends into their rented home?
How can we combat the 'bystander effect'?
Why are people care free when drunk?
How should I handle a over feminist woman?
What are the qualities that makes someone pragmatic?
How can you get on with someone so well in real life but get ignored on Facebook?
How do you repay someone who always wants to help you but refuses to let you help them in return?
How should I improve my social life as an INTP?
If I am naturally socially chameleonic, how can I assert my own personality over the adapting shell?
Why do people judge others for going after what they want just because it goes against what other people want?
What are 12 psychological hacks to improve the outcome of any social situation?
Why is herd mentality so common?
Why do ex's move on faster by getting into another relationship?
Do you think that there is a lot of fake news and misinformation getting shared on Facebook?
What are some scary facts about crowds of people?
What life advice would you give to a 17-year old?
How do I excel in social conditions?
Where can I find psychology research about theories of how people think about/during creative work?
What are the negative aspects of certain cultures that stress the avoidance of hurting someone's feelings?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
How do I get rid of inferiority complex caused by mom's contempt?
I get sick of people I'm friends with over time. Why is this?
What are some ways to deal with a psychopath who plans to destroy my company?
What do you hear about all the time on the internet but have yet to encounter in real life?
What does it mean when a guy calls you a special pet name when he's trying to make you happy?
How do I become a professional conversationalist*? I need a course on conversation skills. How does the addition of a course in a university work?
When was studying in schools/universities harder/easier?
What are some early signs of a physical and/or an emotional abuser to watch out for?
What would be the impacts as The Big Sort continues in the coming decades?
Who actually does not care what people think?
I can't believe other people. What should I do to overcome it?
Why are there so few followers of ESTJ and ISTJ topics on Quora?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Can anyone say about evolution and parental care?
Socially speaking: is it easier to be dumb or smart?
What is the best thing to do when friends ignore you because of inheritance?
Is it good to socially isolate during bad times?
Why can't one human being trust another human being easily? Why do we need laws, rules and regulations to keep everyone in check?
What is the best way to start being more social when you're extremely socially awkward?
What are some social psychology studies done on everyday life?
Does kindness irritate a narcissist?
Why should I care so much about coal miners compared to other jobs lost to advances in technology?
To what extent do you care about what someone thinks of you?
How do I stop seeing horrific acts I read about done to a child that won't stop playing like movie in my head?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
Why do people think bullies will care about them?
What is the reason that oxytocin increases in-group bias, racism, aggression and schadenfreude in people?
What careers are best for me If I want to end the whole world?
How would you psychologically evaluate a person who makes plans but fails to follow through with those plans?
How do I stick to successful people if people in general don't like to keep me around?
How drastically different would the world be, if the original designers of the internet had established it in such a way, making anonymity impossible?
Why is there so much tension between me and my crushes?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
I've got anxiety and I can't stop worrying and over analysing situations. how do I stop panicking about tiny things?
How does an introverted, shy and highly sensitive guy do acting?
Is there anyone who never uses a deodorant?
What is the best pre-law among these three in the PH: psychology, anthropology, or sociology?
Is it a misunderstanding about who are truly women that make many guys unassertive and not able to express their feelings for women?
Is there a difference between gossiping and networking?
Why do we seek validation from worthless people?
Does expectation influences bonding among people?
When you speak to someone, mentioning his/her name either in the beginning of the sentence or in the middle changes the tone of the dialogue. Why?
Why do some people need to tell a lie just to brag?
Since I was 7, I needed to be too disciplined and too serious to survive abuse. Now that I don’t have this problem anymore, I am still too serious and can't enjoy having fun. What should I do?
How do you insert multiple worksheets from the same excel file into a word doc?
How many types of stupidity are there?
Do horror movies make person pervert?
Why are social rules formulated?
When did you realize that you no longer fit in with a certain group or crowd?
Which physical traits gives someone a more influential appearance?
What is a life hack that you think everybody should know?
What does it mean to be an uncertain person, and why do some people seem more certain than others?
I am an introvert. How can one be comfortable with that when the whole world keeps saying you should be an extrovert to be likeable?
Do you think that as a society we take fictional works (movies, books) too seriously?
How am I able to read people so well without knowing it or trying to?
How can you tell the difference between friendly and intimate touch?
What do socially adept people know that other people don't?
What void can the absence of father have in a boy's development and personality?
Why do I care a lot about others?
Can Quora persuade?
How do I overcome the embarrassment of jogging in public?
Why do people nitpick other people?
Why is having grown up without a father figure such a commonality among criminals?
How do ISFJs believe they are perceived by others?
Why is it considered good that people don't care about you if you aren't a celebrity or any other famous person?
Is it true that the things we hate in others are actually the things we hate in ourselves?
How can someone overcome toxic shame, the wound of rejection, self-hatred, inferiority complex and the feeling of inadequacy?
My boyfriend often gets invited to social events by a group of people of the organisation we are both volunteering for, I get not. What can I do?
Do people inherently fear or distrust someone who identifies as a nihilist?
What can I do in order to become a sophisticated woman?
Who gives better advice, old people or smart people?
I have developed a very bad habit of gossiping, I was not like this & you know as we gossip we say about one's life to other, what should I do?
Is it acceptable for people to throw shade at someone?
Why does everyone hate me?
Why am I attracted towards certain specific kind of music? Why only they make me feel alive?
What can you call someone who cares about the opinions of other people a lot?
I honestly don't care at all what anyone thinks about me. Why do people care so much about how they are perceived?
Why do a lot of people want things they are offended by taken down or erased?
If a train was headed towards five people, but you could make it go towards two people, what would you do?
Is Quora your new reality and taking you away from human interaction?
How can you tell an alpha male by his eye movements?
What are you doing to help other people? (It can be any type of help, to anyone.)
How do I overcome emotional bullies in college?
Should I be offended if people who are not African make jokes about how stupid Africans are?
Does curiosity decrease proneness to herd thinking?
What kind of mental disorder do you have when you feel lonely every single time you are alone?
How can I change my brat nephew?
What is the mentality where as people hate or dislike things until they themselves need them?
What are the psychological impacts of demonetization on common man?
As you moved from your 20s into your 30s, did you find yourself less interested in making/keeping female friends?
How do we spot selfish (Specially miser) people at the first meeting?
How can the social exchange theory in psychology be explained?
Why do vegetarians care so much about what others eat?
How can I have " I don't care what other people think" attitude?
Can an empath become a sociopath?
How do I make people think I care about them when I dont?
When is the beginning of the end?
Does it mean anything if my ex sent a very sweet message on the first anniversary of my dad's passing?
Why do people care how others squander their money?
How is being close friends with an extrovert different from being close friends with an introvert?
What would you today, be more frightened to attend: a job interview or a blind date and why?
What makes people care so much about strangers having abortions?
Why can't parents think sexually about their grownup children and why is it wrong if they do?
Is it true that being poor brings inferiority complex?
Was this foot/leg pointing done for attention?
Are there documented cases of empath extroverts?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Why do most humans assume that good looks and intelligence do not go together?
Does stupidity serve an evolutionary advantage?
How often do you post selfies and call yourself ugly just to get more comments calling you beautiful?
Why should one empathize and sympathize for the lazy, unhealthy, ill, and uneducated? What do we do after curing them?
How can I care less about others' judgments of me?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
Aside from social anxiety and introversion, why do some teenagers not have friends?
What is it to waste life? I feel I am wasting mine. What should I do?
What is the best way to unit separated groups of people?
How does a person gain the power to decide something?
If humans need social interaction to live is harmful interaction still good?
Why are we more creative when dreaming?
What is the inability to put up opinions called? Is it detrimental in any way?
What is the difference between personality & character?
How much reciprocity is necessary to sustain, regenerate, and create an abundant life source?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
How can I stay away from 2 so-called friends of mine who only disturb me and put me down?
My 2017 boards exam had gone bad. I'm under immense pressure. What should I do to relieve myself from this trauma?
How do I handle it when strangers do not know my level of knowledge, and behave in a superior manner, e.g. giving advice, etc.?
How can I erase memories out of some bodies head?
Is there any solution to end hate amongst women?
Why do many teenagers have a 'depressed' phase?
I feel really lonely and misunderstood, even when I'm in a room full of people. How can I overcome these feelings?
Is it possible to genuinely and wholeheartedly not care about what others say?
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
What are some social psychological interventions for religious discrimination in the workplace?
Can self-awareness lead to a person becoming less empathetic towards the mundane events in everyday life?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
How can I get over my obsessive thoughts that I need to be famous in order to have a "good and meaningful" life?
What is the psychological explanation behind how people become selfish?
Should the whole world be forced to learn one common language in school for communication purposes (without removing any native language)?
How do I remove inferiority complex about my country?
Why don't people care that Hitler was trying to fix the economy and help people?
Can you tell if someone loves someone just by the look they give them?
Do people have more of a tendency to engage in illegal behavior if they are part of a group?
How do I communicate with a social awkward individual as well as assisting the individual to be more socially acceptable?
Should all high-schoolers have to take computer science?
How can I avoid falling in love?
Why do people care about mass shootings but not other issues?
How do I escape social awkwardness?
Can engineers be funny?
Do we care if the human race continues to exist/thrive in the distant future?
Why am I addicted to election coverage?
What will an adult be like if they are neglected as a baby (in terms of love and affection, not food shelter etc)?
How can I not care what others think about me? Are there any useful strategies?
What are the superficial details about a person that reveal a lot about their personality and character?
Do you care about what other people say about you?
Is it bad that I know how to manipulate people?
How can I be interesting without being weird?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
What should I do if I can't stop stuttering?
Why do some people come into your life for a reason?
What do you think of the unemployed and the poor?
What's the logic behind not allowing people from the same city to book a hotel?Is it even legal?
How do I get my personality back?
Is Rabia Kapoor actually an introvert?
Why do people often try to parent other people's children?
Is feminizing men good for society? My wife influences me to interact in a compassionate & passive way with others, naturally I'm more aggressive.
How do I make someone my subaffiliate?
How can I maximize social interactions in one month?
How are schools handling bullying?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
Why can't I be normal in social situations?
How do you know a man who is present with his girlfriend is feeling insecure around another man?
What traits or actions does society lionize the most?
Why do people care so much about their beauty?
How do highly sensitive men, with keen eyes, express themselves socially?
Since when do you not care about whether your partner is pretty enough for you?
Why do many large successful political parties hold rallies and expensive dinners instead working full steam to fix areas of destruction in society?
How can one person manipulate influence on a large scale?
Why does my teacher put up a facade?
How could we define collective intelligence?
Why are most arguments against suicide ultimately an appeal to sentiment or social construct?
What are some contradictory answers that have received a lot of upvotes on Quora?
Why are Canadians so passive aggressive?
Sometimes I don't feel like talking to my friends, why?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
What should I do if people want me to karaoke, but I can't sing?
How did Hitler go from socially awkward to a persuasive speaker and leader?
I am 33. How do I develop deep friendships?
Is it true that people are not born evil, they are made evil?
Do you think you pay attention to celebrities too much?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Are there psychology summer research programs for seniors and college graduates?
How can I make sure that I'm socially healthy during tough times?
Has Quora become the home of introverts?
Which is the key difference between the approach of Erving Goffman, George Herbert Mead, and Herbert Blumer on symbolic interactionism?
Do socially awkward girls like socially awkward guys?
Why do people get easily angry on a person who is not very proactive (especially at workplace)? Why are they not given training or time to improve?
Can I believe any of John Bargh's studies?
Are the problems of society made by the psychological problems of the indviduals?
How can I make sure my ratio is stronger than my (unrealistic) emotional responses to situations? This is impacting my life very negatively.
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What are some subtle things people do/say and strategies they use to undermine you and put you down in social situations and interactions?
I have a crush, he used to look at me and try to talk to me, then he started avoiding me. Did he give up on me or does he just not like me anymore?
How can an introvert work to reduce interaction with other introverts and increase interaction with extroverts?
When should I care what people think about me?
How do I overcome my inferiority complex developed due to being an overweight little girl in the past?
How can I learn to care about people's feeling?
Do we as humans tend to sympathise more with women than we do with men? How does it manifest in today's society?
Do people need communication?
What are some ways to manipulate someone with a big hypersensitive ego?
What is the appeal of myth in psychology and sociology?
How can a sensitive person avoid an inferiority complex if they are least loved by society?
How do I think faster than and different from you?
Why do the people about whom I care so much, sometimes doesn't care at all about me?
