When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
How does one make friends if they despise small talk?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How can I become social in a new school?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
Why do people act differently when talking over the internet?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How can I entertain a friend I only know on the Internet and will be seeing in person for the first time soon?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do narcissists hate when you say you are happy and made new friends?
How do I make new friends?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Why am I afraid to tell people to stop doing things I don't like/hurt me?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
Why is it very difficult to find a good wowan?
How do I recover an old friend?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
How can I think to solve a problem raised in a job meeting? The nours and looking at someone who is talking distract me.
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
How should we deal with friends who pretend to be good but abuse you in your absence?
What happens when two borderlines start a friendship?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
I’m in love with my friend and we're both girls. I want her to talk more and find me interesting. How do I act in order to make her interested in me?
Why doesn't my young female colleague converse with anyone?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How can I say someone has a beautiful face, without sounding like flirting or hitting on them?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
Why has all the effort I made for a special friend to get his attention actually pushed him away? Is there anything wrong with being so generous?
How can I become smart while talking with someone?
How can I get Jordan Yates to follow me around socially and virtually?
What do I do to save my friendship?
How can I stop telling myself, that I shouldn't see me as an artist because creativity doesn't come naturally to me?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
Why don't people respect me or care to talk to me just because I have social anxiety?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
What do you do when you win/lose an election against a really close friend?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
Does it bother people who are studious and intelligent to not have any close friends?
Are many or most Instagram users & "models" narcissistic? Why do I get an instant feeling of annoyance regardless of how attractive the females are?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
If you knew the exact time, date and circumstances of someone else's death, would you tell them?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
Could it be possible to still make friends in your 20s if you've literally never had one friend ever in your entire life?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
What makes someone a real friend?
How can humans get along with the environment?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
Why do people make fun of me for being asexual?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
Should I leave a city when there are too many bad memories and toxic circle of friends?
My sister is angrily talking to herself, what needs to done?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
What is a good metaphor for someone who needs attention?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
How can I seem friendly?
What will you do if your bestie thinks that you are ignoring him/her because you got a few new friends?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
How do you tell the difference between someone playing victim or someone genuinely having a hard time?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
I'm a 15 year old with average grades and no special talents or passions. I feel like I'm a loser and will not have a future. What do I do?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
What can I do about my friend/classmate who can only talk about memes beside me?
Why do females have more male friends than female friends & males have more male friends than female friends?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How can I improve my mask in my social surroundings (sociopath)?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What are some good conversation topics when visiting Malaysia?
How can I get along with my host family?
What does it mean on Snapchat when you go to add a friend in contacts, but it says could not find, but say hi?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
Have you had a bad ice breaking talk but the conversation became nicer later?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
If someone says “Thatta girl.” to you, what are they really saying?
What is a time when you stood up to a bully and it didn't change a thing?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How can you change from a talkative person to a listener?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
Why does my cat only talk and carry on conversations with me?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
What is difference between being friendly and being cheap?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I deal with others who constantly ridicule me?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
How can I firmly decline my former boss' invitation to a thank-you lunch and convey that I want a "polite hello" relationship?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
What do you think of making new connections online?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
What should one say in reply to “nasai kala”?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
Is there a way to replicate positive peer pressure at home to encourage good behaviour ( i.e., eating what is prepared for them or having a nap)?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
What makes us age?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
How should I respond to people who criticize me for naming my child Peekaboo?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
How do I meet new people in Seattle?
Should I leave my group of friends?
Why do I feel awkward while talking?
What could be the best reply for F*ck off?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How does one face awkward situations?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
How do I handle dumb friends without hurting them?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How can I ask for my money back from a friend with whom I no longer share a friendship?
In class, I told someone to "shut up" during a test because he was talking. Now I look like a bad guy and everyone is ganging up on me. What do I do?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
Is it worth it to get close to a person who you barely have something in common?
How should I deal with a friend who is showing attitude?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
How has ASD affected your social life?
There is a joke about the cat was on the roof referring as an easy way to tell someone that someone died?
How should you react when a boy says 'that's good for a girl'?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do I deal with a fake ex best friend and their new friends that never had a problem with you?
How do you get along with a teacher you despise?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Can you love and hate a person at the same time?
How do I reply to an insulting person that will leave them speechless?
Do true friends really exist?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Where can someone in his thirties make new friends online?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
What would be the best thing I could do so that I would be genuinely interested in a conversation?
If a flight attendant doesn't make eye contact when talking to a customer, what would be your reaction?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
I feel like having friends is a waste of time. What the fuck is wrong with me?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
How do you conduct yourself with 'friends' who exclude you from activities and talk about them in front of you?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
What do you say when your friend feels like no one likes them?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
Do introverts literally tell everything about their life to their close friends?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
Why do Indian woman not agree easily for being friends with benefits?
Why can't I keep friends?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
What would the world be like if we we're taught to talk to strangers as children?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
Is it important to be able to accept compliments?
Is it normal that I like to look at a guy, but I don't want to talk to him about it?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
Are you morally responsible for the advice you give?
How do you decline unappealing food at a friend's house?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
How can you tell if your best friend is fake?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
How do I learn to talk to males?
What are some useful ways to prepare in order to seem confident before going to a party, social gathering, out with friends, etc.?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
I’m a 16 year old boy. How can I make friends?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
How can you tell if someone really likes you?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
What are some tips for meeting new people and networking with them?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How do I speak easily with people when I see them for the first time on a train?
What are you impressed by which others are not?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
How do you give someone your number?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
Why do people think it's cool to shorten my name when I explicitly introduce myself with my full name?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What can I do about my terrible social skills?
What does it mean when someone cheap calls you cheap?
When someone asks where you are from, how do you respond?
Is it okay to not have a B.F.F. or close friends or friends at all?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
How do I roast someone with a tooth gap?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
How can I improve my conversation skills?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How can I politely and effectively stop someone saying "You can't take it with you (when you die)" as an excuse to be wasteful with money?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
What are the best ways to improve fluency in conversational German?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
If someone were to trash talk you, how do you think they would describe you?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
Why do you like your friends?
How do I shut up and take it and still be cool?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
Who do I always avoid direct eye contact with everybody?
Why is being "anti-social" looked at negatively?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
When someone says I am photogenic, is it a compliment? Does it mean I don't look good in real life?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
How can I tell someone they look better with makeup?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How are auctioneers able to talk so fast?
How do you supervise someone who bosses you around and acts like you're trying to do something to them if you ask them to do something?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What Do you think about most of the time?
Where should I hit someone to give them a dead arm?
If someone we're talking to is uncomfortable, how can we make them more comfortable?
What can be the best way to say no?
Is being single forever socially good?
Which is the better way to live, with friends or without friends?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
I just got in a group and I don't know anybody here. How do I stop being awkward?
How can I improve my philosophical/social/ideological thinking skills?
What are some ways to deal with an unpredictable friend?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Is there such thing as a social therapist? Where they help high functioning autisitic and savant children to excersize their social capabilities?
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
Is it okay to compare people?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
How can you stay friends in an office without getting romantically involved?
I recently had an argument with a friend and my rising adrenaline prevented me from making valid points. My mind was blank. How do I prevent this?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Why am I always pushed around?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Do I lack social skills?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How am I supposed to react at people who make fun of themselves?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
How can an international student find its own group in college?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
How can I hold my nerves when someone teases me?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
What should I say to console a friend who has been going through rough times since 2014?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
How do I make new close friends?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
Being shy, how and where can I approach a girl without looking too weird?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
What if the destiny won't let two people meet but in real like they actually want to meet? Will everything go wrong when they meet?
Why would my friend tell people I'm scary?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
What would be the appropriate thing to say if someone that you respect disrespected you?
What's trashy if you are trashy but classy if you are classy?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Is it rude to ask someone if they invest/what they invest in?
How do you tell your best friend you like her without losing her friendship?
How can you politely find out the name of the person you are talking to who assumes you should remember them?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
Was there ever a time in history where everyone got along? And will all humans ever get along?
How do I increase my confidence and gain more social skills?
Is being too social a bad thing?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
How do I make 4 years go by faster? My friends are going to a different school and we will meet up again in the future. Will they recognize me?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How can I make my life more social in Mumbai?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
What facial expression should I make while saying "Thank you"?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
How is it possible that I can dream conversations I have never had with people I know in great detail?
I am 27. I am losing my jobs. What do I need to do to be more assertive, fix my life, be normal/right, and be brave in any life situations?
How do I stop others from interjecting while I am in conversations?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
What would you tell someone who was betrayed by the only person they trusted, and therefore can't trust or connect with others anymore?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
What are some unique compliments?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
I am funny, caring, clever and a quick learner. I am a 22-year-old boy and getting irritated. Why do people ignore me, treat me as a stranger?
How can I make a conversation with a girl on social media interesting?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
What should one do upon spotting a beggar woman with an infant?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
Does my friend still want to be friends?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
Why aren't my social skills improving, no matter how hard I try?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
What is the best way to tell someone about suicidal thoughts?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you know if you're important to someone?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
What is considered a good reason to call the police dispatch in Colorado to do a wellness check on a loved on?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
How do you initiate conversation with a girl you have a crush on and who you admire every time she is nearby, of which she is aware?
How do I get over friends who were once my best buddies?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
Does it mean anything if my crush's friends are being extra nice to me?
How do I make friends at 20 in NYC?
What should we do to keep ourselves safe from social pressure?
How do Irish teenagers socialise?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
Can I leave my teenager to stay home and make them dinner before going out to party at night? They're more independent now and they will do their work.
Can a person in a coma hear me talk to them?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Do females have more male friends because males would be more likely sponsor their hangouts & give gifts when they like them?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
How can I get people to open up to me more and establish more deep and meaningful connections?
Why do I get nervous around new people?
What should I say about myself?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Am a girl and am talking to this girl on Quora who keeps telling me she loves me, what does that mean?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
Do you need conversations in a story?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
When someone talks to you but is disturbing you, what is the most polite way to get them to stop?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
Can you tell about the terrible friend you had?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him, but have known him (texting) for over a year.
How can I impress other people?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What is the social life like for bachelors in the IFS? Are they allowed to date locals in the countries in which they’re stationed?
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
Why don't I like to be praised?
I am not really good at English. I can't make friends and I don't have same topic with my classmates in Australia .What can I do to make friends?
How not to end a conversation?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
How can I tell if someone's picture is genuine?
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How can I have female friends in America?
How is my friend able to get better marks than me?
How can I impress a Nepali girl who I know and have met but now only talk to through Messenger?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
Why is it so hard to find good friends?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
I equate my polite female colleague to a "yes man". Is that wrong?
How can I start a conversation with a girl I like over text?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
If LGBT has been a thing for a long time, why has it only recently exploded in the media? It wasn't a social issue and talked about much back then.
What are the qualities that a girl see before talking to a guy?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
How can I tone down perfectionism?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
If a guy stares at you, could it be because he thinks that you like him?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
How do you change friend groups?
What is the best reply if a girl says, “Why do you want to make me your friend?”
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
What are the best answers​ to give when someone is asking for nude pictures?
I find informal social situations like chatting over drinks awkward. How can I learn to talk more and not state the obvious so much?
Are people with broader friendship networks usually lower-maintenance?
Someone took something special from me and I tried getting it back, but they avoided my question. How should I confront them and how do I get it back?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
What are some ways a person can become more social? I'm not shy, just very quiet. I keep to my small circle of friends, but would like to change that.
What is the best answer when a woman asks you or just says she believes she's fat?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Should I ignore the text of a friend who ignores my text sometimes?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
How can I start a coversation with a stranger girl by social networks?
How do I get rid of bullies?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
How have your friends changed you?
How do I impress a girl for the first time if I want to kiss her?
How can I make my friends care about me?
What is an unusual place to meet women or just new, interesting people?
If your friend did something that affected your friendship, how do you react?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
What is the best way that anyone has ever responded to the question "how are you"?
How do I dump or tell a friend that's lacking in common sense and making wrong judgements frequently on a person based on people's opinions?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
What does it mean if you don't matter to her?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
How can one avoid awkwardness, especially if caused by an inequality in intelligence in the interaction?
How do your friends react to your life story?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
I like my best friend. For the last three weeks, she has been ignoring me. Now she is talking to me again. What should I think?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
How do I defend myself when men tease me? It is very annoying. They don't want to stop even when I ignore them.
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
I'm not happy when I am with my current friends. How do I make friends who correspond better with my mentality?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
I like this guy I've been friends with for the past 4 days. I want to talk to him in person but we are in different grades. How do I talk to him?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
What should you do if you have money but people you hang out with don't?
My crush always stares at me and quickly looks away when I catch him yet he never talks to me. Is he just shy or am I reading too much into it?
How can a shy person overcome his shyness especially against pretty girls?
How should a good friend be?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
What are common reasons friends hate each other after living together?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How can I get the president to talk to me and my family if I need help?
Why should someone not use hand gestures while talking?
How would a conversation between Veronika and Hannah go?
What are the different categories of social skills?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you say “Aloha” endearingly to a close friend?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
How can you tell when you like someone?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
Are friends forever?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
In an argument, what do you tell someone who replies with "It's my opinion and I'm entitled to it!"?
How do you help out a stranger who you found out cuts?
How can I stop being so shy when reaching out to others?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
Why do we ignore someone?
What would be your reaction if someone made fun of another's life?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
If we hate someone, how should we treat him/her politely?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Is it normal to be quiet because you have nothing to talk about all the time?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How should I act around misogynistic friends?
I’m in my 70s and people don't take me seriously when I tell them I'm an atheist. What can I do to tell them off but still keep them as friends?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
Do introverts apologize?
How do you make friends with someone who is too cool?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
What is the best app to find new friends?
A very good friend made me delete our entire chat history and it has left me very, very disillusioned. What should I do?
How do I get an extremely bothersome individual away and stop his issues without being too hurtfully direct?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
How do I prevent others from talking about my private life?
Why does my female friend hug her other male friends more than me?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
How do I get people to do what I want?
What would you say, if you have to say something nice to someone?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
What are some of the best washroom conversations?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
Is there difference between my friend and a friend?
How do I start a conversation with a woman on FB without seeming like a creeper?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
Why are some things more likable to most of us?
What care had you taken while fighting with derealization/depersonalization?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
How do I get motivation in final's week if I don't have friends and you have to study all alone?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
Is it better to be good or bad?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
Why do people respond with ‘wyd’?
How do you maintain emotional stability when involved (friendship/romantically) with a borderline?
If someone speaks less in his society, does it mean he is rude?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What are some good exit strategies when stuck in a conversation?
Can you call someone pathetic if they are a fisherman but they lie and say they're a businessman?
What are some tricks or methods one can use to carry on an interesting conversation style as opposed to a forced or try-hard one?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
What should a person do after a breakup if they don’t have anyone else to talk to and they are slowly turning suicidal?
Can you tell if you are related to someone?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
How can I get all my friends back?
A coworker likes to skate. Should we go out as friends if this person accepts the offer?
I made a very good friend last year. We never met in person but used to talk a lot. Why has she suddenly blocked me?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
How can I feel comfortable with my height?
My social skills are somewhat declining. What should I do?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
Where is a good place to meet and talk to Polish people in Berlin?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
I have a friend with depression who lives in a different state than me, how do I let them know that I'm there for them without it being overwhelming?
How should I respond when my crush commented on my breasts?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
How can I get my friend to depilate?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
I have zero experience with girls but I'm interested in one but I never talked to her in the few times we met, how do I aproach her?
What is the best trick to talk with anyone confidently over phone?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What is the proper way to greet in Hindi?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
How do you react when someone farts multiple times during a conversation with you?
How can someone tell if he/she is financially secure?
How do I deal with a friend that is always in other people's business?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What are some interesting stories that have happened to you that you can tell other people in a conversation?
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How can you politely tell your boss to shut the fuck up?
How does it feel when you are talking in a serious manner and other person cracks a creepy joke?
Is it acceptable to tell someone if you don't like a gift?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
How can I get along with my boyfriend’s sister?
Why do people act differently when talking over the internet?
What was the longest time you were silent and not talking with anyone?
Is it right to ask someone if you're important to them?
How do you politely ask someone who's blocking your way to move, in English?
How can I authenticate someone I met online?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How do I respond to someone who dismissed me?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
How do I ask someone "how was your exam?" without sounding nosy?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
Who likes talking dirty with strangers?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
If someone calls us repeatedly, what should we do?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
Why do you get bad/ good vibes from certain people?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
I would like to make a game. Can I get people to join me?
Why doesn't my young female colleague converse with anyone?
How do you reject politely when someone is asking you to send a photo of yours?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
How do you talk to a girl that snubs people?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
How can I get Jordan Yates to follow me around socially and virtually?
Have you ever lost someone (a friend or a partner) because of a political disagreement?
What should I do if I find a person who doesn't want to speak to me?
How should I respond when a lady gets offended at something I said and angrily asks "excuse me"?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
Does it mean anything if a guy chooses to sit next to you on multiple occasions?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
What is a professional way to ask my strict general manager for more admin responsibilities in the hotel industry?
What is the best way to boost your social engagement?
How do I get my neighbor to say hi without saying hi first?
Can anyone be the best at more than one life aspect at the same time?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
How can I improve in making small talk?
What is your reply when someone says that ‘I acknowledge your receipt’?
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
How do you respectfully tell someone their humblebragging is unprofessional?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
How do you avoid looking at someone (to ignore them) without looking like you are doing it on purpose?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
How do you tell the difference between someone playing victim or someone genuinely having a hard time?
How do you keep your head up when people are spreading bad rumors about and you can afford to move?
Why do I find it so annoying/awkward to hang out with someone who has admitted they like me but I don't like them back?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
How do you interact with someone who exhibits a negative/unfriendly attitude towards you in a social setting?
Could you become my friend?
How can you talk to someone who has autism?
How do you keep a conversation going in different settings?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
What would happen if your feelings come to talk to you in person?
What are the signs someone gives that they do not like you or do not want to talk to you?
If someone says “I am going to do what I got to do”, what is the best reply?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do you tell your boss off in the nicest way possible?
Once a woman knows that you like her, should you initiate the conversation first?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
What should I do about people who make fun of me for being Indian and the stereotype of a small you-know-what?
How and what should I do to start conversations, as people call me an introvert?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
Why should we be friends with every race?
Should you ask someone whether they care about you or not?
How should one deal with the situation or react, when people don't talk to you or ignore just because you earn less?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
If you know a guy thinks you are cute or pretty, how can you increase his sexual attraction toward you?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
Should I become more sociable as a teen and how do I become more sociable?
How do I make friends at 20?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
I always try to be friendly and to make small talk, but people never warm up to me. I feel unhappy lonely and disconnected. What should I do?
What words or social questions should I pay attention to most when a person talks, to understand them efficiently?
How do I stop someone from mirroring me?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
What does it mean if a person don't want to talk to you or have eny incoming with you and less interested?
I sit in front of a girl who I think seems cool and is pretty. How do I talk to her so I can get to know her better?
How do I meet new people in Seattle?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Why do I sometimes feel like I want to talk to someone even though I have nothing to talk about?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
What does it mean when someone closes his/her eyes when saying welcome as a reply to my thank you?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
Can you talk about a situation when you forgot about an important meeting?
What's the best reply to “JazakAllah khairan”?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
How could someone best respond to "It doesn't matter, you wouldn't believe me even if I told you”?
Can you tell if someone is happy by looking into their eyes no matter what age they are?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your parents about?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
How do I mingle with people in public places?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
What does it mean when someone calls you a superstar?
Is it wrong to talk to someone of the opposite gender daily?
How has ASD affected your social life?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
There is a joke about the cat was on the roof referring as an easy way to tell someone that someone died?
Is it acceptable to talk about yourself often?
What do I say when others tell me that I'm not good enough?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in high school?
What have your bullies taught you?
Why do some people suddenly stop talking to you even though you were close?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
Silence never feels awkward for me. How do I know if the silence is awkward for the other person? (Body language signals to cue me in to speak?)
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
What do you talk about when you have nothing left to talk about?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
Why do someone says they care but ignore your texts for hours?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How should I talk fluently and without hesitation when I'm on a stage?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
What’s the best response for "Do you have a PhD"?
What should I do if a friend doesn't really care?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
How do you talk about established facts without sounding arrogant?
Did you ever want to say more than thank you to someone but you couldn't?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
How can I start a conversation with my crush over text?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
When a friend "dumps" you, do you get a chance to say how you feel?
I’m scared to talk to women. How can I get over this fear? Are they really from Venus?
Why are some men shy around women?
How do I market myself on a resume and in an interview when I have a crippling level of social awkwardness (graduate with a bachelor’s degree)?
How do you see someone’s profile who is private but they DM you and you don't want to accept because you don't know who it is?
How do I say no to someone for a date without sounding rude?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
What is the best reply for a person who calls you fat?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
What is a good career for someone who likes talking to people?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What is wrong with me socially?
Why don't my friendships last?
How can I meet and talk to a Bohemian?
If a guy says he thinks you're pretty or cute, does that mean he's not sexually attracted to you?
Is self-consciousness a bad personality trait? What are the pros and cons of being self-conscious?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
How have your friends changed?
When someone asks where you are from, how do you respond?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
When someone asks "what's with the shoes" or "what's with the xyz" what do you usually take that as?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
Why do people close up to me when we first meet even if they're extroverts and talk openly with others if we are in a group?
How can I carry on a successful conversation with little to no questions? I also annoy people unintentionally by telling them facts.
What should I talk with my crush over a phone call? We used to have chatting but I never talked to him as a person!
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
Should you respond by saying “how are you” when asked the same question?
How do I make my conversational language perfect and interesting?
What are the reasons that some people are shy?
Can we stop being boastful when someone asks a question? I know there are a lot of educated people here. Can't you just be nice when responding?
What should you do to talk to a girl who is in some other school & you don't even know anyone from her school?
When someone says I am photogenic, is it a compliment? Does it mean I don't look good in real life?
How do you tell someone that you appreciate them when they think you really don't?
How you fight bullying in schools?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
Why don't I feel awkward during silence? It's just silence for me - there's nothing more to say/discuss. Thoughtful conversations require thoughts.
I don't want to talk to anyone anymore. What are the possible psychological reasons for this?
Did you ever want to say thank you to someone, but were unable to do it?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
If my neighbor keeps talking bad about me and I just ignore her, am I permitting her behavior?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
What is the difference between venting about someone and badmouthing them?
How does someone become socially adept?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
What is the meaning when someone says"don't count chickens before they hatch"?
I just got in a group and I don't know anybody here. How do I stop being awkward?
Someone pointed out my mistake in front of everyone and took credit for my old work by writing "see my code, this is right". Should I confront him?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
What topics do British find uncomfortable to talk?
What is a good comeback to someone calling you a slut?
What should you respond when someone asks 'How do you do'?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
I'm not good with conversations. What are some tips to keep the conversation going?
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
How am I supposed to react at people who make fun of themselves?
What will you do if you run out of conversation with your girlfriend?
How should you deal with a situation, or react, when someone doesn't talk to you or they ignore you just because you earn less money?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
How do I tell a guy that I want to stay in touch?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
What topic should I talk with the CEO?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
What is the best way to inform people of different cultures about the importance of personal hygiene without offending them?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
How important is it to you if someone disagrees with you on the internet?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
What's the best way to message a girl you like but whom you haven't talked to in a couple of weeks? (I have social anxiety.)
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
What does it mean when he starts smile warmly at me and initiates conversations, after we ignored each other for a while because of his cold response?
How can I start a conversation with a stranger on Quora?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What is the best way to start a conversation​?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What are good rules for living with roommates you initially don't know?
People are always underestimating me and make fun of me because I can't play sports?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
How do I get rid of someone?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
How do I talk to people on dating.com site?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
The nerds at my school are ignoring me because I believe in quantum mechanics. Does that make me a super nerd, or is someone here incorrect?
Do you say "scram" when you tell someone to go away or leave?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
What would you tell someone who was betrayed by the only person they trusted, and therefore can't trust or connect with others anymore?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
How can you deal with a group of hostile people?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
Can someone with ASD have good social skills?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
Why do we sometimes get the urge to have sexual relations with someone we just met?
Would you make fun of me for wearing cartoon undies?
Should a person improve their social skills if they're an introvert, meaning they hate socializing?
On what basis will you classify someone as a bitch/asshole?
I am funny, caring, clever and a quick learner. I am a 22-year-old boy and getting irritated. Why do people ignore me, treat me as a stranger?
There is a girl who comes to my class period for extra studying. I noticed that, for most of the class, she is staring at me. How should I approach her?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
Can a shy & less talkative boy model?
Have you ever gotten aroused in an awkward situation and how?
When thanking someone, should I use physical contact like patting them on the back?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
Should I keep trying or stop talking to her?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
What is the last compliment you made to someone?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
What are some quick responses that can be said to people when they tell you a story/small talk and you have nothing to say about it?
How can I become better at socializing without feeling shy or nervous?
How do you know if you're important to someone?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
What is a good conversation starter that is not too sappy?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What are the signs which show that someone is not interested in talking to you?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
How do I convey a message to the person who doesn't want to talk to me anywhere on networking sites nor meet me in person to solve our issues?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
What is considered a good reason to call the police dispatch in Colorado to do a wellness check on a loved on?
If I'm arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me and they do, is it still considered battery/assault?
How can I blend in with local people at a new place?
How do I become friends with my boss?
Should I tell people that I never had a girlfriend?
Who are your best friends in college?
How do I talk to a very shy, loner guy?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
Do you think that there are true friends?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
How can I deal with people who call me fat?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
How can someone tell if meditation is right for them?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
Why do I get nervous around new people?
Is it rude to pick your nose while someone is talking to you?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Am a girl and am talking to this girl on Quora who keeps telling me she loves me, what does that mean?
What are the first things you do/think when you meet new people?
How do I ferociously block people who politely disagree with me?
Should you tell someone if you're going to leave or not?
What should I do if a closed-off person isn't responding to me?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
When someone talks to you but is disturbing you, what is the most polite way to get them to stop?
How can I become brave and confident? I am always too shy to make me heard by others or share my ideas.
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
Why do so many girls’ online dating profiles say not to message them if you voted for Trump?
What should you do if someone you know is suicidal and you are worried about them?
What makes Barnes & Noble a great place to meet people?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
My friend keeps biting me for no reason. What should I do?
Say you're off to an outrageous adventure with someone; what and where will it be?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
Are girls usually shy talking to a guy?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
Is one considered unsocial if he/she doesn't drink?
How can I discourage an acquaintance who won’t stop texting me?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
No one looks at me while I’m talking to them. What should I do to be a part of any discussion?
How do you praise another person's achievement which you find mediocre?
Is it right to ask someone important to you/someone you care about "what they think of you"?
What do you do, when a mother creates embarrassing situations for you because she is only focused on herself and always speak about everything?
Is it bad that I go up to people and talk to them just because I can tell they are wealthy?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
How can I contact K. K. Menon personally to talk to him?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
What does it mean when someone says "Sucks to be you?"
What does it mean when you tell someone to tell the guy you like that you said hi and he just laughs?
How do you remove a toxic person from your life without it being awkward?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
How do I get rid of my shyness when talking to beautiful girls?
I find informal social situations like chatting over drinks awkward. How can I learn to talk more and not state the obvious so much?
How can I get rid of irritating people smartly without hurting their feelings?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
How do I tell a girl that the photos on my Badoo profile are not mine, without rejection?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
Why do people want to be my friend?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
How can I push people away from my personal space while being nice?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
Why would a girl be very trusting, despite not actually even being that close as friends?
What is the best way to respond to someone who asks you "are you assuming my gender?"
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
In the documentary "Battle for Marjah," I saw the Marines licking some stuff like candy. Can you tell me what it was and what its essence is?
How do I ignore people around me for 24 hours?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
How do I give social cues to someone with autism?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
I am a confident public speaker but I become speechless in front of someone who I wish to talk to. I don’t understand the psychology behind it.
Do we tend to avoid those who talk negatively about themselves?
A guy does not want to talk to a girl privately but wants to be seen in public talking and having conversations with her. What is going on?
What's the polite thing to say after someone coughs?
How can you tell if a guy likes you, even though you don't talk?
What is the most telling thing about someone?
Have you ever got aroused in an awkward situation, and how?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
What are some open ended questions to keep conversation long enough?
Are there some girls which love to live lonely or to talk less?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
How can I learn to accept myself and stop trying to be someone else in the way I dress, talk, and act?
If I am arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me, is it still considered assault/battery?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Why do someone stop replying after good going conversation?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
What should I do when a group of people I’ve known for three to four years as roommates suddenly change and aren’t talking to and helping me?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How do I deal with unreasonable downstairs neighbors?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
How do I avoid loose talking in public places?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
How do I approach a stranger girl and talk to her?
How can I hold a conversation with a random person?
What’s one offensive question you'd like to ask someone but couldn't because you know it’d be wrong?
Why, in Portugal, don’t people usually talk about culture or other interesting topics?
How can you politely ask someone about staying online even free saying a goodbye?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is the most efficient method to drag someone out of a car?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
How do you retain more about the information a person is talking about to you during a conversation?
Why would a girl avoid talking?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
How can you deal with social isolation in high school?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
What does it mean if someone says to you - you are the sole interpreter of my profound life?
How do I prevent others from taking control over me?
I am shy and lonely. I am employed in a company. Everyone around me are promoted and move up the ladder. Would somebody tell me what I should do?
Should I consider doing modelling even if I am shy?
How can I talk more about myself when I know computers and art, and I am helpful?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
How can someone have a crush for more than 6 months while they never talked to that person?
How do I forget a guy who doesn't want to talk, but it’s my fault?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
What is the best reply to someone saying "… and I am ok with that"?
What is the best way to start a conversation online with someone and transition it to real life?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
How do you react when someone farts multiple times during a conversation with you?
How do I ask for WiFi politely?
How can I talk confidently while talking with my friends?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
How do I politely ask for something?
How do I start a conversation with a stranger (a female) in India without sounding creepy?
What can I do if a person doesn't want to speak to me?
How do you strike up and keep up with an interesting conversation with a total stranger on social media?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
How do you deal with a rude teacher in middle school?
If he is not interested in talking and chatting with me, how can one keep one’s patience?
How do I tell someone on Quora that I like them without coming off as creepy?
How do I get rid of my shyness when talking to beautiful girls?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
There is value in small talk, though it's hard to explain. Can you elaborate on why small talk is necessary, despite it being superficial sometimes?
What does it mean when someone tells you, “I am not comfortable with you”?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
If a female isn't into me, I usually come out as creepy or homosexual; is it always okay to initiate a conversation, even if I come out as creepy?
What are some topics that a very smart girl might want to talk to you about?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
Who were you and who are you?
What is the reason why people become friends with certain people?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
How do you avoid awkward silence, and keep a conversation going without it being boring?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
How do I apologize for something I did a thousand times?
What does it mean when a female is looking into your eyes while having a conversation but is rapidly switching between both of your eyes?
Does it help to find someone to whom you can freely and openly talk for hours about that woman you can't have?
How do I get my male roommate to curse less?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
What is the need to form bonds with new people and interact with them in this present crap world?
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
How can I authenticate someone I met online?
What does it mean to 'look out for someone'?
Is it possible to become more social as an adult, never having had these skills previously? If someone is introverted, can they learn to be outgoing?
How do I ask someone "how was your exam?" without sounding nosy?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
How am I supposed to deal with someone who is always looking to score points against me in our conversations?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
Why do my classmates keep disregarding/ignoring me? Does it have to do with my appearance? They have no reason to be doing this in the first place.
How can I stop being so awkward around people I'm not close with?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
How can I become friendly towards others?
Why does my mind suddenly go blank when talking to people? Even if it’s just a small talk, I’d feel so nervous my mind would go blank. How can I overcome this?
How should one start a conversation with someone new and what should be the content?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
Why are some people trying to buy friends?
What does it mean if I draw diagonal lines while talking with someone on the phone?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
Should I open up to someone close to me about how I was raped in my childhood?
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
How can I entertain my GF on a trip? I have a problem coming up with topics to talk about.
What is the surest way to make someone like you?
Do you ever get the feeling that people dislike you, even though they never say no when you ask if they want to hang out?
Why do I have to be in conflict with someone before I can get really close to them?
Why do girls at my school say it is illegal to hit them?
Have you ever wished very badly that somebody (who is not a celebrity) was your one of your friends​ or family? Why?
How do I ignore someone who demotivates me?
What happens when I stop taking Imuran (azathioprine)?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
Can anyone be my friend?
How do you stay under the radar at school?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
How do I prevent being awkward in spontaneous situations?
Why is my husband fine if people talk about me behind my back but he won’t let me complain about others and is always defending them?
Should I talk to the girl I like?
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
What is the best way to have fun or meet people in Berlin?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
How would you respond if a stranger asks you out?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
What are the social statistics that Gujarat should improve upon?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
How do you respond to someone in upcoming meetings if you feel you were insulted by that guy previously?
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
Whom should I talk to when I have no-one to talk to?
What are some hints to take care of while inviting 10 German friends for a lunch party?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
How do I make friends with American girls?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
How can you deal with a group of hostile people?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
How do I avoid people?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
How do I avoid awkwardness without small talk?
Do you get along with your relatives?
Why do we sometimes get the urge to have sexual relations with someone we just met?
How does one make friends in New York City?
How can I make my best friend happy?
How do I stop acting so awkward around acquaintances?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
Do you ever feel horrible about yourself when no one wants to talk to you?
On what basis will you classify someone as a bitch/asshole?
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
If someone is teasing you very badly, what should be your reaction?
What's a good comeback when someone calls you ginger as an insult?
Why do boys always do anonymous calls and talk rubbish to unknown girls?
Who is the first person you turn to when you have good news to share? Is it the same person or people when you have to vent or share some bad news?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
Can you handle not talking with your coworker because of a misunderstanding? She's not talking to me anymore.
What do girls say to a bare-chested boys they like?
How do I ignore people without letting them know that they are being ignored?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
What do you do if your new acquaintances tease you in fun with people who genuinely don't like you?
How do you respond when someone compares you to your coworker who isn't having a problem?
How should I talk to someone who has just been rescued from a suicide?
Is self-consciousness a bad personality trait? What are the pros and cons of being self-conscious?
How do I ask someone to find me a job in the UK?
What is the best way to start talk to strangers?
What I can do when I always can't hear people well in a meeting/conversation?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
How do I improve my life? I want to overcome my shyness and nervousness (accrued when I interact with girls)?
What would happen to someone if they never went to a friend’s house or never had friends over and never spent time with anyone outside of school?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
Is it inappropriate to stay in contact with a manager that laid you off?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large corporate teams?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
How can I confront my family, when they tell me off or keep talking when they are mad?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
What are some good excuses to start a conversation with a shy girl in my class?
How should I talk to somebody who has cancer?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
Can a person who makes less effort to make a conversation happen be considered as a boring texter?
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
How can you tell if someone is lying, while having a conversation with them?
If someone says, 'You have a way with words,' is it always meant as a compliment?
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
How can we figure out what is going in someone's brain about you?
How can I learn to accept myself and stop trying to be someone else in the way I dress, talk, and act?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
How do I meet new people and grow in a corporate when I am an introvert?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
When was the last time you look at the mirror and you look different from the previous you?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
How do you interact with a senior college/school mate of yours when you meet him/her after a very long time and thr person is not in a very good job?
How do you respond to "how are you" when you know that the person asking doesn't care but you want to create an interest?
My history teacher called me quirky. What is the best way to respond?
What is the need to ask “How are you”? Why do we ask someone if we know that the other person will always say he/she is fine even if he/she is not?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
When someone calls you "a son of a bitch," does he/she mean your mother is a slut, or is he/she just insulting you?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
How can I explain to an adult that anime is not just for kids?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
Should I get into drama by defending my friend?
What does it mean when someone ignores you?
What makes a person shy looking and aloof?
What should be the best reply if someone calls you "battery"?
Is it creepy to leave an anonymous thank you letter at the office of a professor I had this session? I'm too shy to go talk to him.
How do I say hi to a new student?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself, with god's help?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
How do I avoid getting nervous while talking to an elderly person?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
Am I missing out on anything by not drinking?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
Do your friends mock you, behind your back for taking a reserved seat?
Is it illegal to tell someone you want to strangle them?
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
Is it rude to ask someone what their religion is about?
How do I avoid loose talking in public places?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
How would you respond to someone who shares way too much about something you don't care about without sounding rude?
How do I talk to my crush without seeming desperate? Like if I text too much it just looks weird.
Does Mexico and China get along well?
Why do people stop talking to someone without telling them the reason for it?
How should I react when people criticize me?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
What are some of the best auto rickshaw talks/incidents/conversations Indians have had?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
How healthy is it to close oneself off from others and go back to your "darker side”?
How do I become completely comfortable with who I am around people?
How do I handle it if a company I hired to make a website for me stops responding and avoids me?
We wouldn't able to talk anymore for a year, what should I do?
What's the best way to handle a situation where someone talks about a subject to you as if you don't know anything about it?
Why am I eager for attention yet when I get it I am shy and embarrassed?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
If someone talks negatively about your country, what you will do?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
What do you do when younger relatives ask for money, after they told you they don't want to talk to you? Should I call them out?
I've sent her my picture. She stopped talking to me. Am I that ugly?
How do you feel about peer pressure and how would you handle a situation where you saw someone being peer pressured into dangerous situations?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
She wants to be friends. Now she is getting married. I’m trying to let our friendship fade away, but she really likes me as a friend. What do I do?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
How do I deal with a neighbor who I suspect has a personality disorder?
How do you tell somebody you think they are ugly in a sugar-coated way?
How do I make friends at college summer camps and how do I keep them to keep hanging out after camp is over? (I don't have friends at my school)
How do you improve your listening and focus when someone is talking?
How do you know if someone you are talking to in a bar is hitting on you?
What kind of people are best to surround yourself with?
What is the best reply when someone says I am going to die?
How do you deal with people that hide behind the written rules to refuse to help you?
How do I nicely ask someone to not burp loudly?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
What is the best way to avoid stress when you talk to crowd?
Is it normal that I feel weird when I talk in English/French?
How do I handle if someone makes fun of my confidence?
I have good social skills, but I often feel phony when using them. What should I do?
What does it mean when someone closes his/her eyes when saying welcome as a reply to my thank you?
Are there any tips for building up confidence to talk to strangers?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
How can I know someone's feeling by only talking with them?
Is a person more likely to be smart if she sits in the middle of a crowd and uses her smartphone without talking to anyone?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself?
What does an index finger wave mean?
What happens to your friends at school?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
How could someone best respond to "It doesn't matter, you wouldn't believe me even if I told you”?
How do I tackle atelophobia?
What are the first few questions Malaysians ask someone they just met?
It becomes a problem sometimes to talk to an official in banks or at other counters. How do you initiate talks with them for a positive response?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
What is an old friend?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
What will help me just chill out a little?
How do I avoid stress when I'm talking to a crowd?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
How do I socialize with people I don’t know?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
Have you ever started and maintained a conversation with a stranger online (e.g. on Quora)?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
What would happen if you met someone who is just like you, but without your negative qualities?
What does it mean when a woman smiles at you behind someone, but will not smile front of this person?
Can my talking skills decrease because nowadays I don't talk too much?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
How do I reply when someone says, “You're a loser”?
How do I make close friends in highschool?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
A woman is really nervous around me at work. She keeps eavesdropping on my conversations. What should I do?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
What was the last conversation you had with someone you never forget?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
How do I start talking with her?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
What are some ways to have a very strong friendship with someone?
How do I handle the situation when I am sitting beside a person in exam who doesn't know anything and continuously disturbs me?
How should I deal with a toxic friend who keeps telling me not to end our friendship because she has no other friends?
What should I do when there is an awkward gap in a conversation?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
What quality in others makes you want to slap them?
How would you handle an inappropriate touch from someone in authority that you look up to?
How do you deal with people that patronize and talk down to you?
How can we make uninvited guests go back without hurting them?
In school, I'm best friends with girls, but, as a boy, my parents want me to only have male friends. Should I stop having female friends?
How can I explain to my friend that some things are rude?
How many friends do you have, and do you think all of them are your true friends?
What is a perfect mouth-shutting reply to a person who says "Commerce is for weak students"?
How should one tackle negative people?
How do I nicely tell someone that I don't like them?
How do I loot 2,000 in JioChat, without referring 200 friends?
What do you say to someone who underestimates himself by talking bad about his appearance?
How can I avoid who is trying to avoid me?
Even at the school level I have failed to make good friends. What am I doing wrong?
Should/how do I talk to a girl in front of her parents?
What is the best way to respond to negative people?
What do I do if people make fun of me because I'm losing my hair? I'm 23.
Do you know why your friendship came to an end?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
What are the fundamentals of dating?
What’s the best way to deal with a problem?
A man has seven friends. If the first friend meets him every night, the second meets him on the second night, the third on the third night, and so on -after how many days will they all meet together?
How can I make him feel comfortable talking to me?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who is overly involved in my life and my private issues, and who is overly possessive and wants me to stop talking to all my guy friends?
Is talking with someone while travelling wrong?
How do I approach a female stranger in India?
How should I handle it if someone calls me a so-called skilled person in an annoying way?
How do I seduce a girl only through action?
How can we make up for, or even overcome, a lack of social skills with regards to first dates?
How should I respond to people who confuse me with my twin?
How do you tell how long someone has been following someone on Instagram?
A few people at my school were making fun of my dream of becoming a YouTuber. How do I ignore them and continue trying to reach my goal?
How do I talk to my mum about my rape? She knows about it, but she has not ever wanted to talk about it.
How do I show sympathy to someone who says I don't know what they've been through?
Is asking many questions childish?
What should I do when someone looks at me & says "autistic" and rolls their eyes and scowls?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
I'm introvert. I don't find topics to talk besides work. What can I talk to boss so it doesn't sound too friendly? How can I develop skill to talk?
Are sales (in a luxury market) something you can learn to excel at or do you have to naturally be good at it (I'm a shy introvert)?
Have you ever noticed that most girls won't initiate a conversation on Tinder?
Some co-workers ignored I could help and one gently suggested I do lighter activities because I'm a woman. What’s the best response?
If someone asked you who the "trash lady" is, what would you say?
Returning home after college has left me miserable but I can't figure out a way to do something on my own and settle in a city. Any suggestions?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
What do I do/say to someone when they've been picking on me? Someone in my class has been calling me names and invading my personal space, and I've just been ignoring it, but now it's starting to annoy me.
I’m a college (international) student. I tried to make friends, but they think I’m boring and a nerd. I'm stressed. What should I do?
How do I become friends with Dylan MacIntyre?
How can we impress a stranger at the first conversation?
I think my friend is fake but we shared so many bonding moments and I don't know how to handle this. What can I do?
How do I stop being nervous when people look at me?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
What does it mean when someone calls you a lovely thing?
How do I help someone without looking like a jerk?
As a guy, how do you recognize whether your friend is "whipped"?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
How do I get my hot neighbor to notice me?
Is it important to make friends if you feel demotivated while talking to them?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
What is social censorship?
What is the best way to initiate a conversation through dating apps?
How do I build a social circle during college?
How can I healthily disclose?
Why do I have problem maintaining friendships for a long time?
What is the most polite way to turn down an offer you had accepted?
Do you talk with youself? If so, do you feel comfortable doing it?
How do you feel when someone talks to you in Chinglish?
How often should I call/text friends I don't see everyday?
What can I do if my friend doesn't come to school and I miss them?
Do I need to party to meet people while at university?
How can I tell someone who likes me that I don't want to talk to them anymore?
If someone says they are joking, does this also mean they've lied?
What is the best reply to a guy asking me if I'm single?
What is a fun psychological trick to try on someone?
Does friendship nowadays last a lifetime?
What is an interesting conversation that you had with someone?
How do enemies become friends?
How do I advise someone politely?
When you believe your friend might be annoyed or upset with you, should you ask them if they are?
How do I get comfortable and less nervous around girls? How do I know 'what to say', 'when to say', 'how to say' and actually say something to them?
What kinds of topics do you not talk about with people you've recently met?
How would you respond if someone said "The Promised One" has come?
How do I become more friendly and social​?
Who is your best buddy?
What do you do if you can't get along with someone who you can't avoid meeting every day?
Will I be unsuccessful because I like having only a few friends?
What kind of people do you like to deal with?
Is there any way to make me know more foreign friends, I am a Chinese person?
How do I apologize to someone after they found out I was talking behind their back?
Is it a threat to my safety to try and talk to skinheads?
What should I do when new people are around?
What are some date conversations that have turned you on?
My family, bf, and friend never really care for me or even to put up some times to listen to me. Who should I talk to?
How can I ask my friends or classmates to help me meet women?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
Why do you lose interest in doing something when someone else (e.g. your mother) tells you to do it?
Do we really need to have a social life in order to have friends?
Is it possible to be friends with someone who has different ideologies?
How do you comfort someone who has tragic premonitions? I don't know what to say to them.
What should I do to stop getting nervous in London?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
What do you think of people that call you their friend but they always let you down, leave you alone, and befriend your enemy?
What do you do if people are talking down about you to others and are telling them to treat you accordingly?
Is it possible to share the same thought with someone else you dont know?
What should I do when I can't empathize with my friends?
Can you find out if a friend is messaging and talking on an iPhone with a certain person without him knowing?
What are some topics to talk about with an internet penpal?
I see ugly guys dating gorgeous, "hot" women all the time. I, too, am not very attractive but I'm not doing well with the ladies. What's their secret?
I've liked this guy for a while now. We talk over text and Snapchat and it's not awkward. What I've noticed is he's really awkward in person. Why?
What do I do when I am talking to my friends and someone I do not know walks into the conversation?
Why would people want to hang out with me if they don't really like me?
What should I do when someone is making fun of me?
Someone you love always asks you for help (as a friend). Should you continue to help the person or avoid the person so you can control your feelings?
What will you do when your friend ignores you?
What are some hacks for having a good conversation?
How do I talk to myself?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
What's better, hurting someone directly by telling the whole truth or waiting to let them figure it out themselves and leave?
What are some good conversation starters for a casual first date?
There is a girl I am interested in, but she has a kid. Should I pursue her or just be friends?
When there is so much loneliness in the world, why do most of us have trouble reaching out to others?
How can I keep from being so intensely aggravated by my coworkers with poor hygiene and no social skills?
When did you last met your best friend?
Is it possible to tell if someone actually doesn't like you although they've been kind to you for so long?
How can I ask my manager politely for some clarification?
How can you tell someone 'it's okay' when it's not okay?
Where can I meet single white guys in Silicon Valley?
How do I get out of a one-sided conversation?
What are qualities that are important in a friendship for the relationship to flourish?
I used to talk to a girl all the time and we were good friends but I am shy so I never talked to her in person so we stopped. What should I do?
How do you politely tell someone you don't like them?
How do you deal with people who dismiss your feelings?
What do you do on weekends when you are in a different state and you do not really have friends or someone to hangout with?
What are the words we need to avoid in a conversation?
How can I become less introverted? How can I force myself to become more social and find joy in interacting with people?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
Can you find out how often my friend is talking and messaging to a certain person on his iPhone without him knowing?
Who do you choose to be your friend?
What are some things you talk about when you meet random people?
I'm very bad at small talk, and I realise it's very important in business. How do I improve on this?
I'm so lonely. My friends are moving and I have no one. What should I do?
Why do I regret being social or talking to people after really enjoying our 'chats'?
How do I meet a female stranger at the movie theatre?
Where should I take a girl I've never had a conversation with in person on a date? A restaurant? A movie?
It seems that when I like someone and then they like me back, I will like being with them for a little while and then I close myself off. Why is that?
We were only talking as friends, had good conversations, but suddenly he stopped talking to me?
If anyone said I could talk with him for his entire life, how should I react?
How do you tell your best friend you like him without ruining your friendship because he's gay?
Is it wrong if you don’t want to be friends with anyone?
How can I deal with someone who has no respect for my property?
Is talking to yourself a good way to improve your talking skills?
How do you deal with friends who judge you and give unsolicited advice?
How can a close friend improve our happiness?
If someone has no friends, might they find it easier to get friends if they emigrate?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
How do introverts start a conversation when someone calls on the phone?
My friend suggested sex, I turned it down, next day texted back "might not hurt". Did I mess up our friendship?
How do you politely tell an interfering friend to back off a little?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large learning and development team?
What topics should I use while talking to my girlfriend​ who is a bit boring​?
How do I reconcile with a former best friend who doesn't want to speak to me?
What should I do when people start talking with each other in a group, and you are left out?
How can you tell if someone secretly likes or dislikes you?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
How do you deal with people who think they are the best?
How do I deal with ghetto people?
How can I know if my friend hates me?
The guy I was talking to changed his number. Can you give me some advice?
Should I invite my dad to my graduation?
Is there an app that can respond by saying "ok, got it", "yes, I understand" based on what I ask? Something that can be configured to respond like that.
What is your opinion about friendship (in a single line)?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
How do I talk to my mother about my rape? She knows about it but brushed it off and didn't want to talk about it, but now I feel like I need to talk.
What are the different ways to ask “What's up”?
I'm currently in the middle of becoming a Hindu, which my friends think is a bit weird, how do I ignore their comments?
Where do you go to meet new people when travelling?
What is it like to have great conversational skills? Is it an advantage?
Should I build things myself, learn new stuff, and improve myself, or should I hangout with friends, make new friends, and enjoy time with them?
How can we know if an acquaintance is gay based on a first conversation?
When someone says to you, "It's your world," what do they mean?
How can I become close to people instantly?
Being a youngster (19 years) with no job yet, how can I help poor/street children get educated?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How do you know if your friends are taking advantage of you?
Short lived interests, what does that say about someone?
What is the best way to tell people to cover their mouths when coughing in public?
If someone demands to talk to me do I have to comply?
If you meet an old friend after many days, and he/she says "hi" to you, how should you respond?
Why is it that some people will say that others have it harder when someone talks about their problems but then go on to talk about their problems?
How can I help my 19 year old develop social skills and friendships?
How can I get my mom to let me hang out with my guy friends?
Have you as a couple decided to stop talking for some months so that one of you could qualify the exam you’re aiming for?
Why did my Capricorn friend who likes me stop talking to me?
What do I do if I don't have a trusted adult to talk to?
How do I deal with a person who affects us everytime we talk, by praising oneself and letting you down? Also, we have a common group.
How do you politely tell someone that you don't want to be friends with them anymore without sounding rude?
Is it ok for my friends to call me an idiot and beat me and call me a loser?
Have you struck a conversation with a stranger and regretted having done it later?
Is it bad that I (a female) do not have that many female friends?
How do I convince my classmates that I’m not gay?
How do I diplomatically advise my friend to change her double-faced nature?
How do I tell if someone likes me when they never show their emotions?
What advice would you give to your peers when you are leaving them?
What are some interesting points to make to have a good and interesting conversation?
Is it rude to ignore someone if they are bothering you?
Is there someone you don’t like?
How do I text people? I don't know what to talk about with others.
Would you consider continuing a friendship if your "friend" attempted to drug you?
Should I tell someone at work that I have feelings for them?
What is the best question to go straight to deep conversations?
Is evangelising to your friends "out of nowhere" a good idea?
What does it mean when someone tells you أخت رجال?
What kind of education project that does not need to meet a lot of people?
What is a good comeback if someone calls you gay and you're not?
Do I have to be talkative to become a manager?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
After ignoring me for a long time, my friend just told me that he doesn't feel like talking to me anymore and also that I'm a sober person. Should I break my friendship with him?
How do you respond when someone says, "I want to know you more.”?
What's the best way to avoid someone who is using you without them noticing?
Is considering your close friend as a brother good?
I want to make guy friends. How do I go about this?
What should I do when a friend of mine keeps on boasting about himself?
How does one make real new friends from the UK?
It's been more than a year since I started doubting everything. Is it better to share my ideas with close friends, or is it better to keep them to myself?
How do I respond to "wait, is that you?" in a photo that looks like you, but isn’t?
What are some good tips for making friends in high school?
How does someone with serious paranoia talk?
What can I do if my older brother behaves inappropriately with my female friends?
Is fake laughing at social gatherings a key to success?
How can I deal with homophobic talk from "friends" and people I hang out with, as a closeted lesbian?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
Do you find it difficult to have a conversation in Starbucks?
How do I engage in conversations with random people I come across?
How can I start an conversation on 7cup?
Why has my good female friend's behavior changed a lot towards me? She is behaving completely differently but is playful with all of the males.
How did you begin talking with the girl you like?
Where's the best place to make new friends outside of school?
How can I stop being nervous in public?
How do I make an internet friend?
Can you compliment someone's looks without sounding as if you're hitting on them? If so, how?
How do I tell girls that my piece is "crazy effective" without being rude or disrespectful?
How do I talk to boys?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
What should I say in a conversation with my crush?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
How do you deal with a friend who has accused you of something you didn't do?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What does it mean when someone is called quirky?
Why should you never do negative and derogatory talking to yourself, despite knowing that you are in a way responsible for the way things are?
Why does it seem like my friends never want to hang out?
How do you get along with English people?
How could I make the best impression to a stranger?
Why did a popular kid at my school say hi to me, when I never spoke a word to him before? I basically just talk to my friends, who aren't popular.
How do you get a guy friend to stop liking you cause it's awkward and annoying?
How can I wire my own jaw shut so that I can't talk?
How do you get along with Spanish people?
Why do friends forget one another once they feel like they're just more than friends?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
Is it weird to prefer hanging out with guys?
How can a person go from his dear and near ones forever without hurting them?
How do you get along with odd co-workers?
How I deal with manupulative people at work?
If someone asks if you are intelligent, what's the best way to answer without sounding conceited?
How can I make friends with autism?
How would you react if someone of your locality, with whom you haven't talked before suddenly appears in front of your eyes?
What happens to a listener when a person says (with attitude) that he/she knows a lot of stuff, but in reality he/she doesn't know anything?
What should I do, when my mum doesn't accept that I don't want to hang out with people?
How can I stop talking too much? I want to speak less. How can I?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
How do I develop a friendship with someone to the point of being able to communicate nonverbally?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
How do I make friends when I have autism?
If I'm planning to become a financial adviser, could I only recruit my acquaintances or the acquaintances of my acquaintances?
How can I invite friends and start chatting in Discord?
What are the reasons why someone would be awkward?
If I were to suddenly stop talking forever, what would happen?
How can I best support my friends who are inmates, without being manipulated?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
How do I talk efficiently when meeting with someone?
My friend buys lotto tickets when the jackpot hits $300 million or more. How can I convince my friend to stop gambling since it's dangerous and wrong?
My friends never contact me first unless they want to gather information from me. How should I react?
Would you rather stay with a friend who doesn't care about you or have no friends instead?
What do you call a person that only comes to you when no other friends/options are available?
How do you overcome office loneliness when you're a socially awkward person?
How can I deal with a broken friendship as I pissed off her with a tactless message?
What does it mean, if a guy never talks to you first on FB but answers you immediately when you talk to him? Is he just nice?
How do I pretend to be friend with someone?
How did your friendship end?
How do you deal with someone who repeatedly takes advantage of you, only messages you when they need you, and otherwise chooses to ignore you?
Are my friends, true friends or not?
I am very shy and I have zero confidence when it comes to meeting new people especially girls. What can I do?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
How do I know if somebody is eavesdropping on my conversations?
How does one make friends after college?
Which is better at boosting social skills, cannabis or alcohol?
How do I become more sociable as a teen and get better grades?
What is an appropriate response to patronizing behavior?
How I deal with a broken friendship, as I angered her with a tactless message?
Does it help to talk to yourself once in a while?
I am unable to fake interest in other peoples lives, does this mean I will never have friends?
How can you help someone to shed the baggage of their past? What are the best ways to bring someone fully into the present and to prepare them for the future?
How do I convince my boyfriend not to talk with a friend who I don’t like and to who he gives too much attention?
How do I deal with my overly attached friend?
Can you call a cop if someone says something degrading about you?
Would you let a friend make a mistake or would you say or do something that may destroy your friendship? Why?
How do you talk about boundaries with a friend who's already crossed them, without offending them?
Would you confess your feelings to someone even if you know you both don't have a future together?
What are conversation topics that can lead to a closer relationship?
What if your crush is one of your friends, and you want to ask him out, but you don't want to ruin the friendship if he doesn't like you back?
What's the point of making art if there is nobody to share it with?
Is leaving your friends and settling into a new city worthwhile?
Is graduate school a good place to make friends?
Why does not getting equal importance in a friendship feel like heartbreak?
How should I talk to a boy?
My friend wants to become an activist but has a fear of being persecuted. How can I help?
How can you make situations where someone you don't know is walking towards you from a distance less awkward?
How do I avoid making friends?
When talking to someone and they turn their back to you, what does that mean?
How many female friends do you have on your PS4 friends list?
What should I do to my backstabbing friends?
How can I convince myself when people don’t respond to my smile?
How can be a better person and improve my relationships with others?
An Aries female has been ignoring me and doesn't even text/call me anymore, for 6 months, but says we're friends. What is happening?
What are your thoughts on someone responding with "not a problem"?
How can I make friends when everyone's already grouped? I am a 15 year old girl and I am also not good at making friends.
Why is it so damn difficult to make new friends after a certain age?
Should I talk to my friend about mis-remembering our street fighter matches?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
How do you deal with personal inconsistency?
How do you get to where you're not shy anymore?
Is it harder to do other things when you're talking to someone even when they’re simple?
What is the meaning if female friend give you dolls?
How do you become really close to someone who is generally closed off?
Why can't I just be 'me' in social interactions? Why do I have to scheme to fit in?
If no one values me, neither my friends nor anyone else, then what should I do?
How shall we deal with online socializing?
How do you tell someone that they are holding you back in life?
How can I get the 1 lira that my friend owes me?
Why has my guy friend from high school started ignoring me all of a sudden?
Why should I be all apologies?
How I can deal with a feeler person?
Why did my friend (girl) avoid seeing me?
Did you follow someone then noticed that they intentionally ignore your comments?
How do you get along with the English?
What do you think of individuals who befriends other individuals simply out of pity?
Is it ever okay to tell someone they're too happy?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
What are some catchy things to say?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
How can you tell if someone thinks you're smart?
What is the best way to say “Hi”?
How do you stop devaluing yourself around people you've just met?
What are the current topics we must talk about?
How do I keep my friends from finding out I use Quora?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
What should I do to be or feel most alive in public places with acquaintances and strangers?
How do I be more outgoing and approachable?
How do I learn to argue with women?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
What does that mean when someone says "Aao kabhi haweli pe"?
How can I make friends with people? (Read details)?
I need new friends, what can I do?
What is it like to make friends with an individual from a community/group that your family doesn’t approve of?
Can I fight someone who says racist stuff to me?
What does wearing a Swatch say about someone?
How can I get back my friend, after not talking for a while?
How do I politely tell someone not to visit my home often?
How do I bring up a foursome to my best friend?
How do you get along with the British?
Why do guys add you on Messenger but not initiate conversation?
How do I stop wanting a friendship that will not benefit me in the long run? I can't stop wanting that friendship, but it won't serve to my goals.
How do I introduce the idea of boundaries to a friend I feel has already crossed them without them feeling defensive?
What should I do when the guy I like is ignoring me?
How can I make conversation with my girlfriend when we are alone?
What do you do when someone says "You are too young for me"?
How hard is it for a shy girl to start a conversation over text with her crush?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
How do I respond to Moshe Ebner?
How can I get rid of unwanted friends but still be in a healthy friendship?
Can't two people, who are very different from each other, be great friends?
I have a crush on a guy who I've known since primary school but we don't really talk. How do I strike up a conversation with him?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
How do I make my female friend, with whom I have sex, sleeping over at my parents house not awkward?
Why do attractive women have such a hard time making female friends?
Why do my classmates try be friend with me?
What does it mean if someone told you to talk with him forever?
How do I start dating again?
Can I reply “my pleasure” when someone replies “you are welcome” to my “thank you”?
Most people I meet think of me as a rival or just a loser but not a friend. I avoid conflicts, stay humble, and mind my business. What's wrong with me?
What do you do if your friends say something mean to your friend behind their back?
How do I approach a friend that I feel is lying to me?
How do I stop social isolation as a teen?
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
What should a woman do with a creepy guy on a flight?
How do I resolve pent-up resentment from someone who used to be a close friend/crush that I alienated?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
How can I make fun of myself without loosing my respect or comming off as stupid?
How would I ask for someone's Snapchat without being creepy/weird?
How do I spend time with my male friends and not jump on them whenever I meet them?
Is there a way to tell someone that they smell nice without sounding creepy?
How can I stop talking almost entirely?
Whenever I talk for more than 3 minutes, my throat begins to dry and it becomes harder to continue speaking afterwards. Is this normal?
What is wrong with my Tinder photos?
How can teenagers make friends in a big city?
How do I tell the difference between someone who is joking and someone who is devaluing me?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
Why do I always start with being a friend and end up with a bad image?
What hobbies can I pursue in Bangalore that will guarantee that my social circle expands exponentially?
Once my script is complete, how do I practice speaking if I can't get a room where I can be alone and I am too shy to do so in front of others?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
What is the best way to ignore a person you like?
Which would you do if you were verbally bullied for months, fight back or report it to the school authorities?
When one of your successful friends tries to make you feel low, what do you do? It's their habit to make fun of people.
Why are people so shallow? I'm cute, fun and friendly but because I'm overweight nobody ever asks me out. It's pretty lonely. I'm female and 240 lbs.
Should I try to be friends with someone I am not receiving attention from? Shouldn't I think about my self-respect?
How do I handle the loss of a friend?
What are the best conversation tips to date any girl from abroad?
What will you do, if you find out that your best friend is gay (male or female)?
How can you distance yourself from a friend?
Some of my close friends say that I am changed now, but they don't know the situation from which I am passing. Should I give any explanation to them or not?
What should I say to foreign students if I want to make friends with them?
If someone ever asks me why I'm still a virgin at 23, should I tell them I'm a born-again Christian waiting for marriage?
How do I stop being shy with girls in high school?
Why do all of my friends disappear the second I stop leading our friendship?
How do you respond to "what are you gonna do about it"?
What is the smartest thing to make somebody shut up after they call you gay?
What are some effective ways for introverts to stop a conversation when stuck with a chatty person?
How can I live with the fact that no one will ever like me and I will never make any good friends again?
I haven't exactly had many close friendships until now and I don't really know how to be such a good friend. How can I be a good friend to people?
What does it mean, if a guy doesn't talk to you unless you talk to him first on FB? (Once I talk to him, he answers me immediately.) Is he just nice?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
Why do my friends make fun of me by saying that that IIMs are waiting for me and other things? What should I do or say?
How do I deal with these "friends" of mine?
What is Altucher saying?
What should I do to be creative in bringing thoughts and being infleuntial during a conversation?
How can I stop getting messages from someone without hurting their feelings?
How do your friends react when you peer edit their work?
How can I avoid spitting while talking?
How can I help a friend reveal to another that he/she is homosexual?
Is it normal that a girl in school ignores me and avoids talking to me because I'm not popular?
How can I live without hurrying much but accomplishing everything?
How can I make friends on War Thunder on the PS4?
How should I deal with people who try to bring me down, demotivate me and disrespect me, and stay around me all the time?
What if my friend is acting rude?
What should be the reaction when someone is making fun of someone else personally?
How do you try to share your experience without making the conversation about yourself?
What if your best friend was comfortable hugging you before and now he is feeling uncomfortable?
How do you feel when the person you want to talk is not online?
Some friends of mine talk rubbish behind my back. How can I keep up my reputation when it is affecting people surrounding me?
How do I avoid someone who goes to the same school as me and is cyberbullying me?
Whom I can call a friend?
Why does she keeps talking to me and telling me that her boyfriend doesn't care for her even though I don't know her boyfriend?
How can you avoid being needy when you only have a couple of friends?
What should I do about a friend who is so nice, she is annoying?
What do I say when someone misgenders me?
How can I start and establish fulfilling friendships with those around me?
How easy is it to make a German friend? And how easy is it, for a German, to make a Chinese friend?
What should I do with the son of the boss who is a colleague?
How do I tackle a conversation with my boss who changes goal posts in every conversation?
Can my friend get my information if I recharge with my friend’s account?
How do I stand up for myself against my bully?
What do you say when you help someone all the time and when it comes time for them to help you they say they don't owe you anything?
Is it possible for a sociopath to not be able to make friends?
What are some topics you don't like talking about with the opposite gender?
What does it mean when someone calls you a hustler?
What do I do with these fake friends?
Will you feel bad if no one sits next to you on a bus but everyone else has a person who sits next to them?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
Is not making eye contact a good way to show that I don't want to talk?
How do I deal with a situation where a person who doesn't talk to and care for me changes their attitude?
What tests can you do to find out if a person is a fake friend?
Do hot people only become friends with other hot people?
How do you deal with a shy person?
Can I take advantage of my anxious friend?
How would you define a friend?
How do I stop talking to unfriendly classmates?
How can I be a more charming person if I don't have the looks? Also, I'm not very talkative or expressive.
How do I identify the right set of people, and consider them as good friends?
How should I respond if someone insult me in public or private?
How do I convince my friend to not move schools?
Are there some students at Stanford who might be brilliant academically, but also sort of strange in character? Maybe socially awkward in person?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
How do I make friends with my crush's sister?
How do I deal with my friends who talk behind my back about having sex with another friend of mine?
How do I prevent myself from being talkative?
Why does my friend always act petty around me?
What do you think is the best way to avoid people who are very annoying and only spread negative vibes?
Why should I reply when someone says "I'm trying to copy you"?
Do girls like me if I feel shy to talk with them?
Do you think it's weird to go to a club with only one friend?
If you're always the first to initiate a conversation, is it a one-sided friendship?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
How do I get respect from people? No one likes me except for 2 dudes.
How do I stop apparently "looking shy" or "nervous" when I'm not even shy or nervous?
How do I deal with a friend who’s a bully?
My friend's parents always scold him, call him unlucky and never talk to him. He is in depression. How can I help him?
What do you do when your good friend keeps fishing for compliments and you don't feel like going along with it?
Should we need to maintain a friendship with a lesser designation friend?
What's an appropriate response when you introduce yourself to someone and after telling them where you live or where you're from they say "I'm sorry"?
How can I speak confidently among friends and strangers?
How can I make friends when I move to a foreign country?
How do I get over disappointment from a friend?
What should I do, if someone insults me who was close to my heart?
How do I give a befitting reply to someone who repeatedly belittles me in front of everyone?
What should I do if my friends hurt me without any reason?
How do I start a conversation with a female stranger in the work environment?
How do you open yourself up again after losing a friend?
Why does he suddenly start avoiding me?
Where can I find a Fudanshi friend?
How do I stop feeling bad when people make fun of me for not clearing JEE?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
Some aspects of my friend's personality really annoy me. Does friendship mean I have to accept all of his negative traits?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
Where can you really meet people in their early to mid 20s?
How do I ask someone if they want money for their service?
What am I doing wrong that prevents me from making friends?
What are some cheesy conversation starters?
Three of my friends got really close recently and now leave me out of everything. What do I do?
How do I make friends with people younger than me and yet have the respect?
How do I deal with my best friend who is ignoring me when he got a new friend?
What is the best theme to talk about for opening conversation with girls?
Will untrue friends talk unkindly behind your back, but true friends will never do so and will always tell you the unkind things people say about you?
What is the best way to deal with someone who demeans me as having mediocre aims in life?
Will you add a stranger on Facebook who would ask what the CSS stands for?
Why is the girl who seemed to like me now ignoring me?
How do you tell someone of your opinion without being rude?
Why does my friend's brother get too shy when I go to her home?
My friends beat me in class just for fun. What should I do?
How do I stop being the friend no one likes?
How do I make people stop talking to me?
How can I make friends from MIT, Stanford, Michigan who are studying nuclear engineering?
When you're socially awkward, how do you make friends?
How do I deal with a situation where a senior person blames me for every mess in the office?
Why do people talk to strangers and can they trust them? Why can't we talk to them? What's all the answers for talking to a stranger?
Is it aristocratic or liberal or irrational to have friends without benefits?
How do I get my family to stop talking about my weight?
What would be your reaction if you farted loudly in a gathering?
I am noticing I attract friends with attachment issues, especially borderlines. What might this say about me?
Has the new technology of social network and privacy issues ruined making more friends because people want virtual contact more?
Is it wrong to keep wanting to make a friendship right even when the other person is not interested?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
Should I drop my "friend"?
Why does everyone think I'm a good person to talk to?
Can my friend access all my outgoing and incoming calls if I recharge with my friend’s account?
Why can't I talk to my psychiatrist anymore?
Is it bad not to have close friends at the age of 25?
Is it true that my friends are fake?
What are social skills and why are they important?
How could introverts learn to become more social and hold comfortable and meaningful conversations for both parties?
I am super uncomfortable with objectively treating women in restaurants like hooters and twin peaks. It is not pretend unease. But I enjoy porn. Why?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in Britain?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
What are some indications that someone is about to attack you?
Is it okay if someone calls you names when they are angry and apologize later?
Is it alright for a man who's committed in a relationship to be meeting new women just as friends?
When do you know that you want to go to a therapist? I mean, my problems aren't very big, but I really want to talk to someone who is a stranger.
How should I react when someone insult my religion?
What should I do if anyone tries to be friendly with me?
How should I reply to my friend who makes fun of me and my college?
What do I do when a guy sitting beside me asks me to talk about something interesting?
A friend aged 56 calls your friendship quits after 10 years out of the blue. How do you handle it, and should you have words?
How can I talk to the girl I like who stays in a group?
What do I do if my friend constantly yells at me and makes fat jokes about me?
How do you still be positive, knowing your only friends make you feel terribly alone?
How do I get someone to like me (I’m a boy)? Or how to know if someone likes me?
Why do close friends eventually turn haters?
Why would someone who is taken agree to hang out with a former crush?
Why do I find it hard to have female friends?
I’m in love with my best friend but don't want to ruin our friendship. I need help (bisexuality). What do I do?
I have moved 2-3 times in my high school career. How do I make friends?
How do gifted adults make meaningful friendships, and find others who are like-minded?
Me and a friend or two are planning to runaway, is it a good idea to have any friends with me when I do this?
Should I introduce myself with my full name when talking to people?
Is there a good way to prevent people from getting emotionally attached to you?
Why am I always missing and thinking about my guy friend?
Why do people text when it is much easier to communicate by talking to someone?
How do I apologize to my close good friend for my actions that I did after being drunk and that I did on the very next day due to being hurt by some of her actions?
What should I ask when someone says “ask me anything”?
Someone is cyberbullying me and it has gone viral. Everybody knows it but there is no direct mentioning me. What can I do?
What is a good comeback when someone goes 'okay mom' when you are trying to be helpful?
How does one avoid socializing in college?
What is the best way for a husband to deal with a moody wife, who at times gets provoked without a sufficient cause and is difficult to placate?
How does it feel when a friend of yours or a person you care about is stubborn?
Ethics is illustrated by how one acts towards others. Is ethics more than a semi-codified assessment of healthy behavior for a given social group?
I'm a shy girl, how can make myself exist?
How do you ask something from a stranger?
“Most women aren’t used to initiating conversations with guys.” Is replacing “to initiating” with “to initiate” in the sentence correct?
How can one have an interesting conversation with a stranger and keep it going till you become good friends?
How can a talkative guy change himself to a silent one?
How do you get over a friend who suddenly leaves you?
What do you do if you have a good friend who is Islamophobic and/or racist?
How do you know if someone is a friend or a wolf in a sheep's clothing?
How do I change my personality completely? I need to become a quiet person so I can fit in. How do I learn to be quiet?
Is it possible to know if someone has updated their WhatsApp if I don't talk to them at all?
Am I expected to sit next to the girl I'm going to prom with if we're just going as friends?
How do I get people to stop calling me Charlotte #2?
What is best response you can give if someone takes you as a kid?
How do I excel in life as a highly sensitive yet socially awkward introvert?
What is the importance of friendship?
How can I start a good conversation without having an awkwardness?
What is the most appreciated way to respond when someone says they lost their parent as a child?
How can I make Chinese friends?
Is it necessary to attend a corporate party, or is it better to enjoy quality time with your good friends?
My friend ignored me for almost three months, what was he thinking?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
How can you recognize who are genuine and fake friends?
Did you ever had a friend who talked with you only to satisfy their own selfish motives. How do you deal with the aftereffects?
If someone has a negative first impression of you, is it best to stay away from them?
What is a good career to pursue if you like to travel and meet new people?
When someone criticizes you, do you instantly get defensive, or do you listen and ask questions?
How do I respond when someone is kidding me?
How do you tell someone you have an STD?
How do I tell my friend that I never said anything regarding his marks?
How can i avoid being emotionally manipulated?
How do I ask for restaurant recommendations without being rude?
How can I be fun and interesting to hang out with?
What are some things you should say to a friend as they die?
If a friend hurts you romantically, should it define the future of your friendship?
How do I move on from a past friendship?
How do I admit to my orchestra teacher that I quit his class just to spite him?
How can we improve our conversation skills in social gatherings?
How do I find friends with the same success hungry attitude as myself, as there are none around me?
How can I became close to my former classmates? They knew me as a special child and immature person.
What do you say to someone who has lost a loved one?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How can I talk more clearly and sharply?
Why is society so obsessed with me having a lot of friends?
Should I be afraid to wear a fanny pack as a man?
How do you start a conversation once you find a person you’re interested in becoming friends with?
What does it mean if someone watches me everyday, at all hours, and yet they don’t talk to me?
As a gay male, how can I tell if my straight best friend is interested in more than friendship?
My fiance is not interested talking to me. What should I do?
Why is my friend protective of me? (We're both girls.)
If you are friends with a celebrity should you tell your other friends? Why or why not?
How do I spend time with my friends?
How should I go about reconnecting with family and friends, who I've purposely been avoiding?
How do I talk to a guy when my friends told him that I like him, but I've never talked to him before?
If a stranger sits next to you, will you feel nervous?
When someone says that he is against Brahmanism, what is the appropriate answer?
Is it pathetic if a person gladly accepts anyone as a friend because they have no other friends?
How can I make friends when I'm more mature than everyone I meet, and nobody recognises or respects me in the way I want?
How can I make myself feel like a winner? I’ve been made fun of most of my life because everybody thinks I'm a loser of a human being.
Why don’t they talk to me like an adult?
I'm a new junior at a very large high school. How can I make friends with other juniors?
What is the best way to respond to someone asking me what my religion is?
Does labeling someone as a profiteer make me someone who wants to control or judge others?
Should I trust someone who talks bad to others when they leave?
Should I, as a high school rising sophomore, come out as gay to my friends?
How do I open up to people when I'm shy?
I feel sad and lonely as I don't have any female friend, what should I do?
How can I learn skills for telephonic conversations?
Why does it bother me that my friend is so into my culture?
How can I get in touch with a girl who I used to talk to but now we barely see each other and most times we end up in awkward conversations?
What can I do to seem less bored and tired when I talk to people?
What's the best thing to do when people talk about others to you?
I used to talk alot before but not anymore. What happened to me?
How should I explain to someone that I don't want to eat with them?
Is friendship still possible for me?
How do you know if you're friends with someone because you genuinely are similar or because you just want a friend to hang around with?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
An annoying student sits alone at lunch in my school. Should I sit with them myself?
How do I overcome the burden of social rejection in childhood and become more social as an adult?
Who can I talk to about my problems?
How do I surround myself with positivity in a new place?
How do I tell my friend she can't join the military?
My best friend is not willing to talk or meet after a fight. What should I do?
How can I talk to someone/become friends with someone who has severe social anxiety?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
What is the last nice thing you did for someone?
Is it too late to make friends?
Why do you think that people who become disabled or chronically ill end up losing friends? What motivates them to discard the friendship?
How do I overcome the embarrassment and humiliation of opening up to someone who then rejected me? I'm generally not an open person.
A friend keeps spamming me on Skype by posting my username somewhere and random people call me, what is a website I can do the same to him?
How do I become less socially akward?
Why doesn't good health, education, and a stable career fill the void I feel inside myself?
How do I do a better telephonic conversation with a person for the first time?
Do shy people make it in the world?
Why do I feel more comfortable chatting online than talking real-life?
How do you get someone to talk to you after a month of ignoring you over something you think is silly but may not be to them?
What types of conversation sounds can be made to impress a girl on chat?
What if a female friend sends me morning texts but does not talk to me anymore like she used to?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
How do you go about resolving conflicts with someone who is emotionally expressive and with someone who is indirect?
How do adults in their mid 20s meet people?
How do I expand my social circle and meet more people in college?
Why can't my parents understand that I'm socially inept?
What does it tell you when someone shares too much?
I have friends but lack a group. Should I focus on joining an existing group?
How do I stop talking so much and be more introvert type?
How can elderly people make new friends when they are not in the bingo or church sets?
Do you have a friend who gets you in trouble instead of helping you?
Does my friend have a serious argumentative personality?
How can I make friends stop making fun of me?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
What are all the things that you should and should not say to a woman and why?
Should I ignore and not deal with an acquaintance that is not interested in being friends with me?
How do I get over my fear of male humans?
What is the best and safe way for an introvert to make new friends?
What do Engelbert Humperdinck’s friends/family call him?
What do you say to someone who moans constantly about various health issues?
How should I deal with people, who ignore me whenever I have a better opinion or some logical thing to say? What is the best way to deal with it?
If someone posted a cry for help, how would you respond?
Is there something wrong with me? I can't cheer up my friends.
How can I be more attractive to my female friend?
Why do I feel awkward or sometimes even anxious when I'm talking or hanging out with good friends or my parents?
What level of friendship should the manager maintain with the team?
How do I ask someone's phone number?
How can I overcome anxiety when talking with other people? How can I get rid of being socially awkward?
If a guy gave you his number, how long is it usually before you respond?
Just because I had a bad experience with one group of friends, why does that make me scared of getting close to others?
Should I continue to pursue a friendship with a married woman?
When you're a person who has gone through sexual abuse, will you ever get comfortable around guys? How long will it take? I’m tired of being afraid.
Why do I really not like to talk anymore?
How do I find anyone that needs someone to talk to about his/her life over texts?
Is it good to talk to strangers, meet new people, and take the initiative without expecting anything in return?
I am very social, but I have no friend-group. There is always someone in a group that doesn't want me there so I leave. What is wrong?
What happens if you just stop participating in life? If you're just done?
How do I become the most likeable person at work?
Why do I have such a bad feeling after running into my middle-aged neighbour?
How do I learn to talk slower and more clear?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
What does it mean when some boys watch me all the time, at every hour, but they don’t talk to me ever?
Should I talk to my friend about things about his behaviour that really bother me?
How would you define a best friend? Do you think you have one?
What are some cute ideas to ask a friend to Homecoming?
What should I do if a girl is not responsive in a face to face conversation?
What is the best way to get back at my roommate?
A friend insulted me in a WhatsApp group. Now, I am afraid to face people as they will laugh and make fun of me. What do I do? I didn’t do it on purpose.
How do I tell my friends and family I have social anxiety?
How do I impose my will on every person I meet?
What area of science talks about social skills?
How would you react if someone you didn't know knocked on your door and asked if you were okay?
How come I can speak to people normally and have a decent amount of friends but I get overwhelmingly nervous when giving presentations?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
Is it wrong that I only want low maintenance friends?
What did your friend/acquaintance did/said that embarrassed you but they never knowingly did to hurt/embaress you?
How should I response to “silence is the best reply to a fool”?
What are some interesting cockpit conversations?
How should I react when my best friend constantly hurts me about my skin color?
How can I hold a casual conversation with an acquaintance without becoming stressed?
What is a good way to deal with people who like to start drama?
Will I seem more intelligent if I use more Latin phrases like ipso facto in my everyday speech?
What is the best opening line to start a deep conversation?
What is the best reply if someone asks me what my dream is?
How would an emotionally healthy person respond to a compliment?
I have a history of poor social skills. I have been friends with many of same people since I was 6. Do they notice a difference in me at age 22?
How can I help my friend stop doing dangerous things?
What do I do in a party alone when my friends dance with somebody else?
I’m worried about my sadistic friend what should i do?
What should I do if I talk to someone so politely and that person insults me?
Why do I think that everyone should like me?
How can I change my belief that if I approach women or try to seduce them, they will roast me, scorn me, belittle me, mock me and make fun of me?
What should you say back to someone when they say sweet dreams?
How can I ignore the person who lives with me? Can you give me good and relevant suggestions?
What would you say to someone who wants to get into mindfulness but is having a hard time?
How does one deal with ghosting by an old friend?
Someone has bullied me every day and now that person is asking for forgiveness. Should I forgive them?
How can I get new friends to share what I’m feeling at the moment?
There is someone I want to be friends with, but they avoid me. How can I earn their friendship?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
What is the appropriate way for a military officer to respond to insubordination?
How can I politely tell someone I don't want to be friends with them? I’m afraid if I’m honest with him something bad will happen.
How can I deal with friends who talk to me just when they need money?
How do I interact with a person whom I don't like in a group of mutual friends?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
How do you respond to someone saying you're a nobody and always will be?
What is the non-wordy polite way to say "dead friends" in a scholarly essay?
What kind of friends do charismatic people want?
Why should I trust anyone? After all, everyone will stab you in the back sooner or later!
How do I start a conversation on WhatsApp with a girl I met in a group?
What's the best way to tell a girl I'm friends with that I am interested sexually?
I suggested that me and a friend meet and catch up. She chose a fancy restaurant. Should I read anything into this?
Should I stop hanging out with my friend?
How do you ask somebody if they like your friend?
Can I find out when I became friends with someone if we are no longer friends?
Did Athena Walker have trouble finding friends when she was younger? Was there a time where she had no friends?
What's classy if you're trashy, but trashy if you're classy?
Do you talk with yourself?
How can you fully know someone if you don’t know their deepest secrets?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
How do I give up on the idea to save everyone?
What should I do if I know all my friends are fake?
I don't have a lot of friends. What am I doing wrong?
How would be a friendship with Athena Walker? And what are the differences to a friendship with a neurotypical?
Why do people think I fight when I talk to them and criticize my manners and ethics?
How do artists deal with people who don't have any idea of his work and make fun of it?
Do you think technology is changing the way people make friends?
Is your mind going totally blank during a conversation a form of dissociation? As in suddenly having literally nothing to say, or any kind of thought.
Why do strangers on the Internet appeal to me?
How do I convince people to keep the streets clean when they don't care about it?
How do I make more friends outside my community in college?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
How do I make myself more likeable to people around me?
Is it important to talk about problems?
I used to be talkative but now I'm very quiet. What should I do?
If someone told you that you have a facial feature that is too big, what would you say?
What should you do when your old friend proposes to you after not talking to each other for 12 years?
A classmate shoved me, how should I treat him?
How can I become friends with a police officer as a student?
What do I say to my friend who is constantly complaining about her health?
Whenever I want to talk with someone, my thoughts turn negative and people get hurt. What should I do?
How does one normally meet new people in online communities, specifically Quora and Reddit?
In my group of friends, I'm the smartest. They always ask if I can give them the answers. What should I do?
How do you know if you've gone too far in self-disclosure? How do you stop being too open and stop thinking other people will always try to understand you?
I already meet people, take classes, join groups, and volunteer; so how do I overcome self-built social walls and, consequently, loneliness?
Is it shameful to not have friends?
How do I talk to a girl without sounding like a creep?
What is the best way to tell someone's nature?
How do you know that a person is being fake in front of you?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
What is the optimal way to meet new people on a daily basis?
How do I end my dependency on my friends?
How do I deal with "lets just be friends" when I want more?
Why do fellow women give me a bad look or act uncooperative especially when I try to be friendly?
What is it like "not" having a best friend or close friend?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
How should I treat my female colleague?
What does it mean to be someone's first?
What should I say when someone says "whats up?" to me?
Why has my friend been rude to me through her new besties’ will? Details are in the comments.
How can I get to know the real me? People act differently around each other and I think I do that too, and now I think I forgot who I really am.
How can I attract a playboy model?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
This girl and I have both fallen for each other, but she is scared that her past will hurt me, and so is building a wall against me. What should I do?
Why do people say talking with a spirit guide is easy? I’ve tried super hard and I can't.
What if a housemaid tries to line you?
What would someone sound like if they haven't ever talked?
When someone stops talking to you and avoids you for no reason, how does it feel? Should we just get over with just like they left us?
What would you say you're saying when you don't say anything?
Should I stop trying to be friends with some one because I feel like I'm clinging on to them really fast?
When you're in front of someone who is using a computer and looking at the screen, where do you look at to not seem awkward?
What can I do for my best friend if he is leaving town?
Why do people talk about things that don't matter?
Are there any studies behind the phenomenon of talking to yourself?
I'm an Indian guy currently staying in London and I don't have any friends here. What's the best way to meet new people here?
Is it weird to walk up to a girl and start talking?
Is it rude to walk away from the middle of a conversation?
How do I tell my friend I like him without scaring him and losing our friendship?
Does a girl like you if she strikes up a conversation with you? She is a shy girl.
Is someone more charismatic if they show power or warmth? What are the benefits and drawbacks of either (especially with influence and likability)?
How do I move on from someone who does not want to talk to me now?
Why don't I have a best friend or a close friend?
Is it bad to picture myself sleeping with every person I meet?
What should I say when someone doesn't know where my home country is?
What should I do if my best friend’s mom hates me?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
How can people be friendly and kind since they are self-serving?
Should I go back and call my haters and doubters after being successful or just ignore and let them know generally via social media?
How many friends do you have in your life, right now, who you’re confident would be willing to make almost any sacrifice for you, if they were asked?
Should someone study something that he likes or something that gets him employed with a good salary?
How can I stop being extremely uncomfortable in some quite normal situations with many people around me?
I have some friends who never invite me anymore. They are always telling me how busy they are, should I cut them off from my life?
What do you do when you hear a former friend is running around ripping folks off and nobody (especially 12 steppers) wants to do anything to confront them?
Why can’t I make strong relationships with my friends?
How can I explain to my beloved friend that a bot has crashed my Pinterest feed and that's why we can't talk?
Why am I so scared of putting myself out there?
My friend is going out with an unknown person(might be a kidnapper/criminal). What should I do? I don’t want to get into trouble while helping her.
If you are given a chance to talk to a person who suicidal, what will you say to him/her?
How do you reject someone's request when you really don't want to do what they request (actually they can do it themselves)?
What should I do if my teacher ignores me in class and discourages me by speaking ill about my future?
An old friend who used to be abusive to me, now wants to reconnect, should I resolve or sever all contact?
Why do some people act like they have the world figured out, when in reality all they do is talk?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
Why do people talk negatively about darker people?
Has someone that liked you as a friend changed their mind?
How can I get close to my beloved friend?
How can a man start conversation with foreign girls?
What do you want to say to all the people who tell you "Quora is pretty boring"?
How can I tell someone that they are stupid without offending them?
How do I make someone stop annoying me?
How can I overcome being an "ooch ouch" guy?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
How do you escape from a boring party?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
Do the Chinese and the Japanese get along well?
I've often been the person to reach out and invite, but I’m ready to give up doing so. I'm willing to make time for others. Why does no one reach out to me?
What's the best way to turn a guy down?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
What value does CA have in the USA, the UK, and Australia ?
How can I talk to girls if I am an introvert?
How can I become friends with Xi?
Should I avoid a girl who takes advantage of me? She is the only friend I have in my class though.
Do people still hang out with friends from college after college?
Why am I confused between being shy and getting attention?
What does it mean when someone says oh?
How do I start a conversation with a person, so that they will never get bored with me?
Most of my friends come to me only when they need something from me, like help with their English or Maths assignments, or money. Should I continue being friends with those who take advantage of me?
How should you respond when someone tells you that most men are bad people?
Have anyone asked you to take bribe and do their work? How do you respond to that?
Is there any way I can completely cut off the negative habits of myself?
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
What does it mean to hate someone?
Do you believe it when someone says the 'Earth will end one day', and why?
How do you deal with codependent people who are always trying to control everything?
What is the easiest and the most cost friendly way to make a sidewalk?
How do you let someone back in the friendzone without hurting their feelings?
Why do guys randomly stop talking to girls?
Why would she stop showing interest all of a sudden?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
How do I politely decline my oldest sister's wedding invitation?
Do you know someone who I can talk to and ask a few questions about aeronautical engineering at Manipal?
What are the weird/absurd/random messages that girls get from strangers/friends on any platform?
Can someone figure out this riddle?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
I'm an introvert. I like talking to my close friends but almost nobody else. How can I be more open?
Have you ever had an internet friend pass away?
How can I get rid of my irritating friends?
It seems as if everybody is asking "Is it rude to say this, do this, ask that, etc.?". Is there an obsession with rudeness (or politeness) going on?
How do I deal with this extreme situation?
Do landscape photographers like it if someone tried striking up a conversation while they were concentrating on taking a photo?
What will be the best way to start a conversation with an unknown person?
How would you thoroughly clean the home of someone who is allergic to dust, without making it worse for them?
What are some good yes/no questions that I can add in an app that I am making for my female best friend?
How can a man start a conversation with anyone without having an awkward moment?
How do you react smartly when someone points out your insecurities infront of other people?
How do people socialise when they have very limited financial resources?
How can I get him to talk to me in person, not just text?
How do I tell if I enjoy programming?
How come my friend is loud on the phone? Is it rude.
How do you know if a 20 year friendship is worth saving or if there’s been too much hurt and change for repair?
When we lose good friends, is it fair to say change is constant as an excusing statement?
How do I politely decline my hearing sister's wedding invitation? She never accepted the fact that I am deaf, and I’m always feeling left out.
What can I do when he is ignoring me like this?
I hang out with a group of 7-8 new friends and have developed a crush on one of the girls. If I ask her out, will that ruin the dynamics of the group?
I have no interaction skills. It's hard to make eye contact with people. What is wrong with me?
I have a friend who’s told me that they don't see themselves making it through their entire life cycle. What should I do?
Will pushing away my friends and focusing on school help with my studies?
How can you tell when someone is teasing you to be mean or if they're teasing as friends?
Did someone have sex with Kajal Agarwal in the industry?
My classmate stole from me then she hugged me like a pretentious bitch. Is she a sociopath or does she have a psychological disorder?
How do I start talking with the new students of my school? How do I try to make them my friends? What should I say first?
If, hypothetically, Michael Jackson and Harry Potter met, how would their meeting and conversation be?
Do you respond to all of the messages you get on Quora?
What could be the reasons of having less friends?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
How do I cope with a friendship fading?
Why is it hard for people who suffer from autism to maintain eye contact?
What's the best way to meet new people in Istanbul?
There is a boy who lives down my street and he's always caught my attention. How do I initiate conversation when we've only met once (it was brief)?
Is it legal to hit someone if they call you fat and swear at you?
What do you do when you have a friend that does everything for attention?
How can I start from 0 friends after all of my friends betrayed me? Is there anyone who can help me by listening to my story?
When your closest friend joins the underworld, are you bad for supporting it?
Should you tell a friend that what they are doing makes you uncomfortable?
How do I deal with someone patronising who likes to consider himself superior and uses anything to put me down?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
How do you tell someone they are judgmental?
Should you tell someone that you like him when he likes someone else?
How do you hint to people that you do not want to talk and wish them to leave you alone ASAP, without explicitly saying it?
I want friends as a teen, but I'm so bad at keeping relationships. What should I do?
How do I live with someone who is always accusing me of being a terrible person?
One of my friends has tried LSD, should I be worried? How can I convince him to stop?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
People keep telling me I need to eat more, but when they do, I start to panic. Am I becoming anorexic?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
How can Poland and Hungary keep their friendship so long like that?
Where can I find friendly & optimistic as well as safely adventurous people to befriend?
When should I ask a woman, "Is your goal friendship or romance?"
I might have lead on my best friend into thinking I like him. I might want to end it but don't want to ruin our friendship. What do I do?
What does it mean when someone offers you their business card after a brief conversation?
Is it good to call someone a prophet?
How can I display confidence through my eyes? I'm tired of people trying to bully me because they think they are superior.
When is someone considered a friend?
Why do all my friends shake their heads whenever I tell them I like an Indian? (I am white.)
I can't get over my best friend's death. What should I do?
How can I know whether my best friend is a true friend or not?
How do I stop being rude and make peace with parents?
Why is Smalltalk programming still popular?
Is being socially awkward the reason I can't find a date?
What will you do if you come to know that your friends are jealous of you but you can't do anything because at that point they are only your groups?
How do I start a conversation with girls in my friends group who don't talk to me often?
My boyfriend told me to fuck off during a fight and stopped talking to me. What should I do?
Why do people ask me "what are you doing?"
What's the proper way of receiving a compliment, without sounding to conceited or arrogant?
Is there someone I can go to to make me the best looking I can possibly be?
What was your ideological difference with Larry Sanger? Are you still friends with him?
Can you give me free online websites for talking with psychologists or strangers? I want to talk about my desperate status.
Can anyone recommend good books to improve social skills and for anger management?
What should I do if one of my friend ignores me?
Why can't we chat and make friends on fanfiction? It sucks.
What's the best way to deal with a coworker after an awkward exchange?
Now that I know what was made of me what now shall I make of myself?
Someone asked me what is suicide and I suddenly uttered “it's your defeat.” Am I right?
How do you get to know someone deeper?
How do you cope up with friends who is more charming than you?
How do I take a holiday without offending anyone?
Do guys ever legitimately ask a woman to be friends?
A group of friends and I came up with an idea, but they all ditched the group and I want to continue. Do they have anything to do with it, like IP?
I have been really down lately and I have wanted to talk to someone about it. How do I start the conversation?
Why doesn’t my father talk to me anymore?
I don't have a radar for who I like/dislike. I like everyone and make friends with whoever wants to be friends with me. What's wrong with me?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
Is it better to ignore people on the internet or respond with "I'm not interested"?
Do you make friends with other men based on their looks or personality?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
How do I get my father to stop insulting me?
How can we more easily get along with others?
How can I stop being shy and nervous, while playing guitar in front of everyone?
What do I say after small talk?
Why is that, if I ask someone to stop licking his fingers, he takes it personally and gets offended and upset?
Why do people ignore me when I am trying to be nice?
What do you think about temporary friendships? Are they real or fake?
Have I done anything wrong in trying to get a girl through underhand means?
If you could make an exact copy of yourself, would you be able to be your own friend?
Why do boys act like they like you but when you like them back they say it was a joke?
What do I say when someone asks me "how's life?"
What do I say if someone congratulates me?
How does it feel when your best friend doesn't care about you?
Why do American southerners like to talk about their faith when introducing themselves to strangers?
How should I react to compliments from flirters?
How can one make teenagers talk and engage for future readiness?
How do you manage rude people you meet?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
Why do people often ask this question-Tell something about me?- if you're a student of psychology?
Am I the only person who panics when someone gets vocally upset at me for doing something that is not illegal?
Would guys let a female friend hug them if she asked for permission?
Why do I get shy around certain men?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
My work is having a potluck and we all have to bring something. I am extremely broke and can't provide. How do I tell them that?
How do I deal with a jealous friend and roommate?
Why do the Bangladeshi and the Pakistani people get along but their governments do not?
How do I cope up with the unlimited expectations of the people around me?
Can you forgive someone and not want to see them?
How can I come across single guys in Bhubaneswar?
Should you tell the truth to someone you cheated on?
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
What's a good excuse to tell your parents you don't want to hang out with them?
How do you make your enemies your friends?
Why is my friend always hard on me but not other women?
How can someone know whether he or she will become successful?
What is the medical condition of talking to yourself called?
Why do shy people always feel like someone else has to initiate the conversation, and never realize that they can be the person that initiates?
Why can't people get along with each other?
Why do I have trouble interacting with people?
What are some good tactics to have a conversation with people who don't stop to listen and talk only about themselves?
How do I make good friends?
What do I say to someone I haven't seen in over a year?
My closest friends (who're also colleagues) have now become very toxic and treacherous. How can I remove them from my life?
A guy friend who I don't talk anymore after a recent fight still follow my Instagram? Why?
What should I do if I want to communicate in Mandarin with the Chinese students at my school?
What should I do after I messed up our friendship?
Would it be right to ignore your principles if you're indebted to another person?
Husband told a couple of my friends personal information that put me in a bad light. He regrets it and has apologized. Do I forgive him or walk away?
Whenever I talk to someone they feel (or seem )unconscious, and that makes me sick. What do I do?
When do you know that a friendship is over?
What would happen if you told someone how you felt but he/she ignored you then acted normal and then disappeared again?
I'm 24. How can I build social skills and a friend group?
If adulthood could talk, what would it say?
How can I tell someone I don't want to work with them?
How can we differentiate between well-wishers and enemies (as I got betrayed every time from the ones I thought of as my friends)?
Is it okay to not be friends with my fiancé's friends? When they come over, I don't even care to be in the room to say hello.
How do you handle a resentful ex friend who you see often?
What should I do when someone has ignored me badly?
What are concrete examples of "getting out there" if you are a shy person?
What is the best way to teach 'small talk' to a reclusive adult?
I know my roommate talks about me behind my back because she always talks badly about other people to me. Should I confront her?
Is there a real psychic that talks to the deceased?
What are the best places in India for a freelancer to live in and meet new people? I already live in a metro and want a break from the traffic and rat race.
What does it mean when someone advises you to be a bigger person?
How can I stop being scared of every situation(s) that I'll be going to be in?
Did it take time for conversation to improve between you and your S.O.?
How do you tell a female stranger you just met that she has a single nose hair sticking out of her nostril?
At what age is someone suppose to have their shit together?
I think my friend is gay, how do I approach him?
Have you ever lost all of your best friends?
How can I help my (special) friend who doesn't believe a word I say?
Why do I never shut up in the shower?
Why don't I like physical contact with my family? (hugging, kisses, leaning and sitting next to them)
What does it mean, if you're the only one who initiates conversations with someone?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
What are the characteristics of a person who no longer is capable of maintaining a friendship?
How can I make a good friendship?
How would you end Friends?
A girl tried to talk to me but clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How do I make female friends on Quora?
How do I implicitly tell someone that I don't like him/her?
How do I talk to a guy I like at work?
How can the Koreans and the Japanese get along with each other?
How do I stop someone at work from being rude?
What should I do on a Sunday if all of my friends are busy?
When a woman tells you her name and laughs and smiles at things you say, are they interested in you or just being very friendly?
Can people be friends with benefits without sex?
Why do I fear that I am talking to myself? Is anybody out there? It feels like I am talking to myself.
How should I deal with people where I never know if they are serious or not?
My friend suddenly said he's not friends with me anymore. How did this happen?
How do I respond when people think I'm the boss' son but I'm not?
How can I stop being a needy person?
What does it mean when someone says humans were not 'created'?
What can I do on a free Saturday without friends?
I joined a community group at my church and the leader seems unpresent with me. Should I keep going to this group?
What are some huge benefits of being a loner?
If the person only texts me when they're bored at night, and need to kill the time, what am I to them?
A girl who tried talking to me was a bit clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How can I stop being a people pleaser because I want people to like me?
How can you tell if asking someone "how are you" produces an enthusiastic or aversive response?
The more I learn, the less I can talk with my parents? Why?
How do I not feel less compared to my boyfriend who knows so many people and has a lot of friends?
How do you react when someone passes a belittling comment at you in public?
I have a friend on FB who keeps randomly cursing (possibly about sports). How can I tell her that she should add what she's watching to her status?
I just lost a friend because my values did not align with theirs. Should I change?
What are the different ways an expat can make friends in Nairobi?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
Are someone’s friends likely to stand by their friend if he murdered someone none of them liked?
Why do I attract people/friends in a lower financial bracket?
Can a friend of mine meet me at the connecting flight at IGI?
Why would a girl be nervous around you but not others?
Do your parents/friends care about you being Quora-famous?
I've been very down lately and I've been wanting to talk to someone about it. What do I say to start the conversation?
How do I find intellectual people to hang out with when I have nothing to offer?
How do you respond to people who say that you have many close friends?
How do you deal with someone in your group who always objects to being included in photographs and spoils the photos?
What is to be done when my good friend calls my sister an item? Should I punch him really hard or stop talking to him?
When you answer "I don't know" and get asked the same question phrased differently, what does that say about the asker?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
How can I make my female bestfriend value our friendship again?
Can​ someone tell me what are the unknown facts hidden in the Mahabharat which are not prominently discussed?
What would you most like for someone to say to you?
How do you deal with intimidating neighbours? They do things on purpose to provoke a reaction, which is affecting me. I have extreme social anxiety.
How do I get past small talk?
How do I deal with friends who remember me when they have work but not when they’re having fun?
Why do our facial expressions, gestures, posture and the like things not correlate with second learned language?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
What is the best comedy fight with friends?
What is the best place to meet new people in Eindhoven?
A girl in my class ignores me. What should I do?
What kind of facial expressions do you make when you want someone to go away or leave you alone?
What does it mean when someone doesn’t reply to your text but talks to you in person?
How do I meet a good friend?
What is the best way to approach a girl to reduce the percentage chance of being rejected?
What makes you a bad friend?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
Why do other people always have to talk bad behind your back even when you haven't had any kind of conflict?
Why are some Geminis shy/awkward?
Can a painfully shy person be a cosmetologist?
Why won't my abuser leave me alone?
How can I keep separate from my friend who has nothing to offer me?
How do you think consciousness came into existence?
Why does she rarely initiate talking, but when I initiate it, it regularly lasts 30 mins? Does she like me?
How do I join an existing group of friends?
What are some of the best replies to 'Why should I choose…'?
How do I chat with women in order to develop friendships?
When will there be a Friends sequel?
How do I talk to a stranger comfortably?
What should I do about my friend that's cutting themself?
What does it mean when someone mocks you?
How do I stop gaming and stop being socially excluded?
How should I start and what should I talk in any conversation with my crush who has never talked to me before but just know me randomly?
A non-Muslim friend believes that Islam is a religion inspired by Arabic culture and it should not interfere with the economic, social and political life/sphere of a person. What should I say?
What does it mean when someone says I don't know?
How do I stop my feelings for a friend? We can’t marry. I am about to leave the city, and a part of me is sad to leave him. We were more than friends.
How are socially awkward people expected to "improve" when no one is willing to help them do so, besides telling them to "stop making excuses"?
Why do I fall for guys more often in comparison to my other female friends?
How can I be the best at talking & winning others’ hearts?
How can I get along with a teacher, whom I don't like at all?
Is it necessary to confront your best friend if you are gay?
Is being isolated better than being with fake friends?
Why do people talk behind others but still hang out with them?
How can I detach emotionally from a friend?
What would be your first question or reaction if you were to meet someone who said, “I am a time traveller from 2136 AD”?
How can I fix my friendship with this girl?
What should I do to get back my male friend after I ignored his feelings when he was depressed?
Is it okay to be not interested in what your friends are interested in?
How do you explain someone who replies on group conversation and not conversation with you?
What is the best way for my friend to find a girlfriend at college?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
What are the best statements for ending conversation?
How do you react when people open up to you?
Where is the best site to find friends?
My friend wrote a subliminal status about me, should I call them out?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
Why do I feel ashamed/disgusted of myself after a social interaction with "normal" people?
How can I make someone understand that I didn't like or agree with their statement without talking back?
If people are so nasty to each other, why should I even try to make friends with other people?
What should you do when you are not treated well by your friends because you are physically weak?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
What's a list of questions you might ask a random person you just met to get to know what makes them feel unique?
Does drinking really help someone open up to strangers?
Should I ask her out after one of her shows? (That feels creepy to me.) Or do I ask her out via a message?
How do I make connections with people during teenage?
How often should I say hi to people when I pass by them?
How can I stop being scared to go out and meet people?
How can I tell my ex that I miss her like hell and still love her via text?
How do I make a friendship with loneliness?
How do I react when someone opens up to me?
How do I deal with friends who don't stimulate me intellectually?
How do I tell my professor politely not to show partiality with regard to students, so that he should understand and never do the same again in his career?
How do I make people remember me?
Could a shy person be misunderstood if he or she lived in the USA?
Is it odd to tell someone they would have been a good father?
How have you benefited from having friends?
How can I become more proud so I won't get miserable if someone offends me?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
How do you cope when you live in isolation and have no friends or current job?
I don't know any girls and basically all of my friends are online. How can I make friends / get into relationships in real life?
Why does a female friend deliberately spread her friend's old, fat photos around?
Did you ever get defensive when someone was teaching you to drive or did you just sit politely and let them talk?
How can I learn to talk effectively if people say I'm talkative? How can I talk less and faster in India?
What should I talk about with a girl so she doesn't get irritated or bored?
Is it wrong that I only choose friends whom I can learn from?
How do I overcome my insecurities of becoming a performer? I want to sing but I grew up with people making fun of my voice.
What is the ethical way to behave when someone in public snatches your phone?
How do I curb an attraction for a long time friend?
How can I make true friendships?
What are the best and the fastest ways to surround your self with people who have the same interests?
Why did a psychopath stop talking to me?
How do you make the first move on a guy if you’re shy?
What should I do if my long-time friend seems to dominate conversations?
What does it mean to say "something close to the opposite is true"?
If you already have someone’s phone number and you want to ask them out, should it be done in person, or can it be done over the phone?
What should you do if you have a lot of frenemies?
I have been talking to a girl every day in the past 6 months, but she never initiates a chat? What does this mean?
Am I being left out because I'm not in the same classes as my friends?
Why is it easier to talk to a person by text while face to face conversations become awkward?
Would you consider it insulting if a friend asks you if you "have permission" from your spouse to go out with your friends?
How can I manage between my two friends who are not good friends themselves?
How do I deal with a popular guy who might ruin my reputation without coming across as a wimp?
Do you want to make an international friend?
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
Why do people after the age of 30 stop having fun just because they have more responsibilities?
What are the benefits of being a “good listener”?
Why is there more judgment on women who have mostly male friends, and not on guys who have mostly female friends?
Why can't I stop talking to myself?
Do you ever get so lonely that you pretend someone is always with you?
My friend talks about race too much, how do I make him stop?
Why can two girls be close friends and not be called lesbians, but if two guys are close friends, they are called gay?
How do I socialize with girls?
Is it okay for a woman to approach a guy and ask for his number?
Is it true that making friends wastes time?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Me and my friend were talking about someone on Facebook. He has shown that chat to a person who is threatening me to put behind bars. What should I do?
Is it necessary to maintain friends?
Do you think that chatting is part of talking?
As a RCB fan, how should I react when people tease me?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
I'm over 30, a realist, and I have no friends. Is this bad?
My friend is doing articleship in dilloite. Should I send my CV to him or try in such firms without reference?
What are the qualities one should have to make more and more friends?
What should I do when a friend of mine is suddenly not chatting with me?
How do I ignore people that give me negative vibes?
Why would a person make fun of someone, demand they "grow a thicker skin," and then get mad when their victim defends himself?
Why are some people not shy?
How do I reply in sayat.me?
What do you reply to someone who says you are following bar culture just because you have a drink or two with your friends?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
What should I say when my girlfriend tells me that someone harassed her?
What does it really mean when someone says they still hold a flame for you?
What are the most subtle strategies that people use when they do not care about what you say?
What is the best way to respond if someone scolds, humiliates, hurts, or insults you?
Do you ask permission from your spouse for everything that you do? What do you do that doesn't require permission?
How do you talk to someone who only wants to talk about themselves?
People keep telling me I need to eat more, but when they do, I start to panic. Am I becoming anorexic?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
How can Poland and Hungary keep their friendship so long like that?
How do you talk with a woman you like, but shares no common interests with you?
How does it feel when you are talking in a serious manner and other person cracks a creepy joke?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
Is it acceptable to tell someone if you don't like a gift?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
How can I get along with my boyfriend’s sister?
What was the longest time you were silent and not talking with anyone?
How do you deal with a friend who has accused you of something you didn't do?
How do you politely ask someone who's blocking your way to move, in English?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What does it mean to 'look out for someone'?
How do I respond to someone who dismissed me?
How do I make new friends?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
How can we make up for, or even overcome, a lack of social skills with regards to first dates?
Why is it very difficult to find a good wowan?
What are some of the best replies to 'Why should I choose…'?
How do I join an existing group of friends?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
If someone calls us repeatedly, what should we do?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
If someone asks if you are intelligent, what's the best way to answer without sounding conceited?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
What do I do/say to someone when they've been picking on me? Someone in my class has been calling me names and invading my personal space, and I've just been ignoring it, but now it's starting to annoy me.
How do you get to know someone deeper?
I would like to make a game. Can I get people to join me?
How can I stop talking too much? I want to speak less. How can I?
Is not making eye contact a good way to show that I don't want to talk?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
How can I invite friends and start chatting in Discord?
Why is my husband fine if people talk about me behind my back but he won’t let me complain about others and is always defending them?
Is it better to ignore people on the internet or respond with "I'm not interested"?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
What is the best way to initiate a conversation through dating apps?
How can I give my friends dating advice without offending them?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
What do you call a person that only comes to you when no other friends/options are available?
Is being isolated better than being with fake friends?
How do I pretend to be friend with someone?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
How can we more easily get along with others?
How can I stop being shy and nervous, while playing guitar in front of everyone?
What do I say after small talk?
What should I do if the conditions are not as good as they were in the past?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
What do you do when you hear a former friend is running around ripping folks off and nobody (especially 12 steppers) wants to do anything to confront them?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
Does it mean anything if a guy chooses to sit next to you on multiple occasions?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
Is it okay to be not interested in what your friends are interested in?
How does it feel when your best friend doesn't care about you?
How do you explain someone who replies on group conversation and not conversation with you?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
If someone is teasing you very badly, what should be your reaction?
Would you let a friend make a mistake or would you say or do something that may destroy your friendship? Why?
My friend's parents always scold him, call him unlucky and never talk to him. He is in depression. How can I help him?
What makes someone a real friend?
Is leaving your friends and settling into a new city worthwhile?
How can I speak confidently among friends and strangers?
Do we really need to have a social life in order to have friends?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
What I can do when I always can't hear people well in a meeting/conversation?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
Should real friends have the same interests as you?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Is it fine in Tbilisi to talk to girls in the streets?
Why do I find it so annoying/awkward to hang out with someone who has admitted they like me but I don't like them back?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
How can you talk to someone who has autism?
What can I do about my friend/classmate who can only talk about memes beside me?
Three of my friends got really close recently and now leave me out of everything. What do I do?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
There is a student near me talking loudly all the time. How do I approach this?
What does it mean on Snapchat when you go to add a friend in contacts, but it says could not find, but say hi?
When someone calls you "a son of a bitch," does he/she mean your mother is a slut, or is he/she just insulting you?
Why won't people accept me as their friend in university?
Would it be right to ignore your principles if you're indebted to another person?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
If someone says “Thatta girl.” to you, what are they really saying?
What is a time when you stood up to a bully and it didn't change a thing?
How can you tell if someone thinks you're smart?
How do you tell your boss off in the nicest way possible?
I am noticing I attract friends with attachment issues, especially borderlines. What might this say about me?
What is the ethical way to behave when someone in public snatches your phone?
How and what should I do to start conversations, as people call me an introvert?
What does that mean when someone says "Aao kabhi haweli pe"?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
What are some interesting cockpit conversations?
How can I stop being scared of every situation(s) that I'll be going to be in?
What should I do if my long-time friend seems to dominate conversations?
How should one deal with the situation or react, when people don't talk to you or ignore just because you earn less?
How do I politely tell someone not to visit my home often?
Is it rude to ask someone what their religion is about?
How can I hold a casual conversation with an acquaintance without becoming stressed?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
I have been talking to a girl every day in the past 6 months, but she never initiates a chat? What does this mean?
Should I become more sociable as a teen and how do I become more sociable?
How would an emotionally healthy person respond to a compliment?
I have a history of poor social skills. I have been friends with many of same people since I was 6. Do they notice a difference in me at age 22?
Would you consider it insulting if a friend asks you if you "have permission" from your spouse to go out with your friends?
I'm currently in the middle of becoming a Hindu, which my friends think is a bit weird, how do I ignore their comments?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
How do I deal with this extreme situation?
We wouldn't able to talk anymore for a year, what should I do?
What should you say back to someone when they say sweet dreams?
How can I firmly decline my former boss' invitation to a thank-you lunch and convey that I want a "polite hello" relationship?
How can a man start a conversation with anyone without having an awkward moment?
How would you end Friends?
How do I talk to a guy I like at work?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
I always try to be friendly and to make small talk, but people never warm up to me. I feel unhappy lonely and disconnected. What should I do?
What words or social questions should I pay attention to most when a person talks, to understand them efficiently?
How do I stop someone from mirroring me?
Someone is cyberbullying me and it has gone viral. Everybody knows it but there is no direct mentioning me. What can I do?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
How do you know if someone you are talking to in a bar is hitting on you?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
How do I meet new people in Seattle?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
Why do I feel awkward while talking?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
Can you talk about a situation when you forgot about an important meeting?
What does it mean when someone closes his/her eyes when saying welcome as a reply to my thank you?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
What's the best reply to “JazakAllah khairan”?
How does one face awkward situations?
What could be the reasons of having less friends?
I'm over 30, a realist, and I have no friends. Is this bad?
Can you tell if someone is happy by looking into their eyes no matter what age they are?
What will help me just chill out a little?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
What do I say to my friend who is constantly complaining about her health?
How do I ignore people that give me negative vibes?
What does it mean when someone calls you a superstar?
How has ASD affected your social life?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do you know that a person is being fake in front of you?
Are friends nice?
Do you find it difficult to have a conversation in Starbucks?
Is there any country where it would be normal to go alone to a disco and meet people there?
What is the meaning if female friend give you dolls?
How do I start talking with her?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
How should I deal with a toxic friend who keeps telling me not to end our friendship because she has no other friends?
What are some of the best words that can be added into daily talks/chats to make conversations more effective?
Can you love and hate a person at the same time?
What have your bullies taught you?
How would you handle an inappropriate touch from someone in authority that you look up to?
What are some topics that a very smart girl might want to talk to you about?
Can you compliment someone's looks without sounding as if you're hitting on them? If so, how?
Do true friends really exist?
If a female isn't into me, I usually come out as creepy or homosexual; is it always okay to initiate a conversation, even if I come out as creepy?
How can I became close to my former classmates? They knew me as a special child and immature person.
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
What's​ the best way to tell an individual who's very close to you that he/she has a bad breath without making the person feel embarrassed?
What would be the best thing I could do so that I would be genuinely interested in a conversation?
How do you avoid awkward silence, and keep a conversation going without it being boring?
How can I get to know the real me? People act differently around each other and I think I do that too, and now I think I forgot who I really am.
What does it mean if someone watches me everyday, at all hours, and yet they don’t talk to me?
As a gay male, how can I tell if my straight best friend is interested in more than friendship?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
What do I do if people make fun of me because I'm losing my hair? I'm 23.
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
Why do someone says they care but ignore your texts for hours?
How should I talk fluently and without hesitation when I'm on a stage?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who is overly involved in my life and my private issues, and who is overly possessive and wants me to stop talking to all my guy friends?
What should I do if a friend doesn't really care?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Did you ever want to say more than thank you to someone but you couldn't?
What does it mean if I draw diagonal lines while talking with someone on the phone?
Are sales (in a luxury market) something you can learn to excel at or do you have to naturally be good at it (I'm a shy introvert)?
Is it weird to walk up to a girl and start talking?
What would the world be like if we we're taught to talk to strangers as children?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
How can a person go from his dear and near ones forever without hurting them?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
How do I ignore someone who demotivates me?
I used to talk alot before but not anymore. What happened to me?
I don't have a radar for who I like/dislike. I like everyone and make friends with whoever wants to be friends with me. What's wrong with me?
How can I best support my friends who are inmates, without being manipulated?
How do I talk efficiently when meeting with someone?
Can a person who is on my contact list tell who I am talking with?
My friends never contact me first unless they want to gather information from me. How should I react?
How do I make friends with American girls?
I am very shy and I have zero confidence when it comes to meeting new people especially girls. What can I do?
How do I overcome the embarrassment and humiliation of opening up to someone who then rejected me? I'm generally not an open person.
Who is your best buddy?
How do you react when people open up to you?
How can you tell if someone really likes you?
How do you get someone to talk to you after a month of ignoring you over something you think is silly but may not be to them?
Would you confess your feelings to someone even if you know you both don't have a future together?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What does it tell you when someone shares too much?
How do I make a person to stop talking in a conversation who does not give you a chance to talk as well?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Can you handle not talking with your coworker because of a misunderstanding? She's not talking to me anymore.
Is graduate school a good place to make friends?
My work is having a potluck and we all have to bring something. I am extremely broke and can't provide. How do I tell them that?
How can elderly people make new friends when they are not in the bingo or church sets?
How do I give a befitting reply to someone who repeatedly belittles me in front of everyone?
How do you give someone your number?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
What do Engelbert Humperdinck’s friends/family call him?
How can I come across single guys in Bhubaneswar?
I've often been the person to reach out and invite, but I’m ready to give up doing so. I'm willing to make time for others. Why does no one reach out to me?
What will you do when your friend ignores you?
What does it mean if I want to cut off all contact with my friends and family?
What's better, hurting someone directly by telling the whole truth or waiting to let them figure it out themselves and leave?
If a guy gave you his number, how long is it usually before you respond?
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
How can you tell if someone is lying, while having a conversation with them?
Why some guys are so shy?
What does it mean when someone cheap calls you cheap?
If someone says, 'You have a way with words,' is it always meant as a compliment?
When someone asks "what's with the shoes" or "what's with the xyz" what do you usually take that as?
How can we figure out what is going in someone's brain about you?
Is it odd to tell someone they would have been a good father?
How do you explain when things don't go as you assume?
What do I say to someone I haven't seen in over a year?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
Can you find out how often my friend is talking and messaging to a certain person on his iPhone without him knowing?
What are the best ways to improve fluency in conversational German?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
Who should I talk to if everyone ignores me when I need them the most?
How can I make friends from MIT, Stanford, Michigan who are studying nuclear engineering?
How can I carry on a successful conversation with little to no questions? I also annoy people unintentionally by telling them facts.
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
I'm so lonely. My friends are moving and I have no one. What should I do?
How do I deal with a situation where a senior person blames me for every mess in the office?
How do I meet a female stranger at the movie theatre?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
How can I deal with loneliness in college?
Why does everyone think I'm a good person to talk to?
Is it bad not to have close friends at the age of 25?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How do I deal with ghetto people?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
How do I shut up and take it and still be cool?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
Who do I always avoid direct eye contact with everybody?
How do I make my conversational language perfect and interesting?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
I’m in love with my best friend but don't want to ruin our friendship. I need help (bisexuality). What do I do?
I have moved 2-3 times in my high school career. How do I make friends?
How can I change my belief that if I approach women or try to seduce them, they will roast me, scorn me, belittle me, mock me and make fun of me?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
How does one deal with ghosting by an old friend?
Being a youngster (19 years) with no job yet, how can I help poor/street children get educated?
I don't want to talk to anyone anymore. What are the possible psychological reasons for this?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
When a woman tells you her name and laughs and smiles at things you say, are they interested in you or just being very friendly?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
Have you as a couple decided to stop talking for some months so that one of you could qualify the exam you’re aiming for?
What is the difference between venting about someone and badmouthing them?
How does someone become socially adept?
How do I deal with a person who affects us everytime we talk, by praising oneself and letting you down? Also, we have a common group.
How do you politely tell someone that you don't want to be friends with them anymore without sounding rude?
Did Athena Walker have trouble finding friends when she was younger? Was there a time where she had no friends?
What is the meaning when someone says"don't count chickens before they hatch"?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
How do I diplomatically advise my friend to change her double-faced nature?
Someone pointed out my mistake in front of everyone and took credit for my old work by writing "see my code, this is right". Should I confront him?
What are some ways to deal with an unpredictable friend?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
How do I handle if someone makes fun of my confidence?
Is evangelising to your friends "out of nowhere" a good idea?
Whenever I talk for more than 3 minutes, my throat begins to dry and it becomes harder to continue speaking afterwards. Is this normal?
How do I give up on the idea to save everyone?
What should I do if I know all my friends are fake?
I recently had an argument with a friend and my rising adrenaline prevented me from making valid points. My mind was blank. How do I prevent this?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
How can I start a good conversation without having an awkwardness?
It becomes a problem sometimes to talk to an official in banks or at other counters. How do you initiate talks with them for a positive response?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
After ignoring me for a long time, my friend just told me that he doesn't feel like talking to me anymore and also that I'm a sober person. Should I break my friendship with him?
Is it necessary to maintain friends?
How can I start from 0 friends after all of my friends betrayed me? Is there anyone who can help me by listening to my story?
How do I make myself more likeable to people around me?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How can I reply if someone makes fun of me for being friend-zoned?
How do I respond to "wait, is that you?" in a photo that looks like you, but isn’t?
Can my talking skills decrease because nowadays I don't talk too much?
One of my friends has tried LSD, should I be worried? How can I convince him to stop?
What is the optimal way to meet new people on a daily basis?
What is Altucher saying?
Do you ask permission from your spouse for everything that you do? What do you do that doesn't require permission?
How can I hold my nerves when someone teases me?
Should we say sorry if it is not our mistake?
How do you talk to someone who only wants to talk about themselves?
How do I tell a guy that I want to stay in touch?
How can I avoid spitting while talking?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
If a friend hurts you romantically, should it define the future of your friendship?
What should I say to console a friend who has been going through rough times since 2014?
How do I admit to my orchestra teacher that I quit his class just to spite him?
What topic should I talk with the CEO?
When should I ask a woman, "Is your goal friendship or romance?"
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
How do I get past small talk?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
Why would my friend tell people I'm scary?
How important is it to you if someone disagrees with you on the internet?
What would be the appropriate thing to say if someone that you respect disrespected you?
What's trashy if you are trashy but classy if you are classy?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
What is the need to form bonds with new people and interact with them in this present crap world?
Should/how do I talk to a girl in front of her parents?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
How do you get along with Spanish people?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
Why do people say talking with a spirit guide is easy? I’ve tried super hard and I can't.
How can you politely find out the name of the person you are talking to who assumes you should remember them?
What should I do with the son of the boss who is a colleague?
What was your ideological difference with Larry Sanger? Are you still friends with him?
How can I start a conversation with a stranger on Quora?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What is the best way to start a conversation​?
Why are some people trying to buy friends?
Is it weird to prefer hanging out with guys?
How do I make my friend snap out of her apathy?
When will there be a Friends sequel?
Is asking many questions childish?
What does it mean when someone mocks you?
How I deal with manupulative people at work?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
How do I get rid of someone?
Do guys ever legitimately ask a woman to be friends?
Why is it okay to tell quiet people to speak up but rude to ask talkative people to shut up?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
What does it mean when someone calls you a lovely thing?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
How do I help someone without looking like a jerk?
Why would my friend tell me one thing and our friend another thing besides a two faced to my face?
How do I stop talking to unfriendly classmates?
My friend buys lotto tickets when the jackpot hits $300 million or more. How can I convince my friend to stop gambling since it's dangerous and wrong?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
How can I healthily disclose?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Do you make friends with other men based on their looks or personality?
I am 27. I am losing my jobs. What do I need to do to be more assertive, fix my life, be normal/right, and be brave in any life situations?
How can I tell someone who likes me that I don't want to talk to them anymore?
I have some friends who never invite me anymore. They are always telling me how busy they are, should I cut them off from my life?
How can you deal with a group of hostile people?
How does one make friends after college?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
How can I say no to my teacher without upsetting him?
How do I become more friendly and social​?
How do you reject someone's request when you really don't want to do what they request (actually they can do it themselves)?
What are some unique compliments?
An old friend who used to be abusive to me, now wants to reconnect, should I resolve or sever all contact?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
How can I make a conversation with a girl on social media interesting?
Why do people often ask this question-Tell something about me?- if you're a student of psychology?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
How do I get over disappointment from a friend?
What should you do when you are not treated well by your friends because you are physically weak?
How should I talk to a boy?
How do I start a conversation with a female stranger in the work environment?
My friend wants to become an activist but has a fear of being persecuted. How can I help?
Why can't I get along with people?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
Where can I find a Fudanshi friend?
What is the last compliment you made to someone?
What is the best way to tell someone about suicidal thoughts?
Can you forgive someone and not want to see them?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
What are some quick responses that can be said to people when they tell you a story/small talk and you have nothing to say about it?
How do I deal with quarrels and scolding conversations?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
How do I convey a message to the person who doesn't want to talk to me anywhere on networking sites nor meet me in person to solve our issues?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
What are some good tactics to have a conversation with people who don't stop to listen and talk only about themselves?
What is the best way to deal with someone who demeans me as having mediocre aims in life?
What clothes should I pack for a trip to Tbilisi, Georgia from 25th April to 30th April 2017?
Why do I really not like to talk anymore?
Where can I meet single white guys in Silicon Valley?
How do I get over friends who were once my best buddies?
How do I become friends with my boss?
What should I do if I want to communicate in Mandarin with the Chinese students at my school?
I am very social, but I have no friend-group. There is always someone in a group that doesn't want me there so I leave. What is wrong?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
Most of my friends come to me only when they need something from me, like help with their English or Maths assignments, or money. Should I continue being friends with those who take advantage of me?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How can I deal with people who call me fat?
When do you know that a friendship is over?
How can I explain to an adult that anime is not just for kids?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
Is it aristocratic or liberal or irrational to have friends without benefits?
What would happen if you told someone how you felt but he/she ignored you then acted normal and then disappeared again?
What should be the best reply if someone calls you "battery"?
What is the best way to get back at my roommate?
How do I be more outgoing and approachable?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
How can you tell if someone isn’t listening to you on the phone?
Is it wrong that I only want low maintenance friends?
How do you politely tell an interfering friend to back off a little?
What is the best way to teach 'small talk' to a reclusive adult?
Why do I get nervous around new people?
What are the best and the fastest ways to surround your self with people who have the same interests?
Am I missing out on anything by not drinking?
How can you tell if someone secretly likes or dislikes you?
What does wearing a Swatch say about someone?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
Does Mexico and China get along well?
What should you do if you have a lot of frenemies?
What are the first things you do/think when you meet new people?
I think my friend is gay, how do I approach him?
How do you still be positive, knowing your only friends make you feel terribly alone?
Do you need conversations in a story?
Why would someone who is taken agree to hang out with a former crush?
What will be the best way to start a conversation with an unknown person?
What does it mean, if you're the only one who initiates conversations with someone?
Should I build things myself, learn new stuff, and improve myself, or should I hangout with friends, make new friends, and enjoy time with them?
How can we know if an acquaintance is gay based on a first conversation?
Why do so many girls’ online dating profiles say not to message them if you voted for Trump?
How come my friend is loud on the phone? Is it rude.
What should you do if someone you know is suicidal and you are worried about them?
I've sent her my picture. She stopped talking to me. Am I that ugly?
Why do people text when it is much easier to communicate by talking to someone?
Why is it that some people will say that others have it harder when someone talks about their problems but then go on to talk about their problems?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
How do I politely decline my hearing sister's wedding invitation? She never accepted the fact that I am deaf, and I’m always feeling left out.
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How do I keep focus on what really matters in life instead of falling back to trivial things too much (e.g. computer game)?
I suggested that me and a friend meet and catch up. She chose a fancy restaurant. Should I read anything into this?
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
Is it bad that I (a female) do not have that many female friends?
Should I tell someone at work that I have feelings for them?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
How do I change my personality completely? I need to become a quiet person so I can fit in. How do I learn to be quiet?
How is my friend able to get better marks than me?
Are girls usually shy talking to a guy?
I don't have a lot of friends. What am I doing wrong?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
What is the importance of friendship?
What happens to your friends at school?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
What are some huge benefits of being a loner?
How do I tackle atelophobia?
Why are people so shallow? I'm cute, fun and friendly but because I'm overweight nobody ever asks me out. It's pretty lonely. I'm female and 240 lbs.
I equate my polite female colleague to a "yes man". Is that wrong?
Should I try to be friends with someone I am not receiving attention from? Shouldn't I think about my self-respect?
How do I not feel less compared to my boyfriend who knows so many people and has a lot of friends?
How can I start a conversation with a girl I like over text?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
What are some good tips for making friends in high school?
How do you know if you've gone too far in self-disclosure? How do you stop being too open and stop thinking other people will always try to understand you?
Why do I attract people/friends in a lower financial bracket?
How do you hint to people that you do not want to talk and wish them to leave you alone ASAP, without explicitly saying it?
I haven't exactly had many close friendships until now and I don't really know how to be such a good friend. How can I be a good friend to people?
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
What does it mean, if a guy doesn't talk to you unless you talk to him first on FB? (Once I talk to him, he answers me immediately.) Is he just nice?
How can I tone down perfectionism?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
How do I respond when someone is kidding me?
If a guy stares at you, could it be because he thinks that you like him?
A woman is really nervous around me at work. She keeps eavesdropping on my conversations. What should I do?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
How can I stop looking awkward while cuddling?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I deal with "lets just be friends" when I want more?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
When you answer "I don't know" and get asked the same question phrased differently, what does that say about the asker?
What are some things you should say to a friend as they die?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
What are the best answers​ to give when someone is asking for nude pictures?
I find informal social situations like chatting over drinks awkward. How can I learn to talk more and not state the obvious so much?
How do I move on from a past friendship?
What if my friend is acting rude?
When a friend gossips about you to your friend, are they talking about themselves?
Why do people want to be my friend?
What is the best place to meet new people in Eindhoven?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How can I start a coversation with a stranger girl by social networks?
How do I get rid of bullies?
What is the best way to respond to negative people?
Do you know why your friendship came to an end?
What are the fundamentals of dating?
What kind of facial expressions do you make when you want someone to go away or leave you alone?
How can I make friends when I'm more mature than everyone I meet, and nobody recognises or respects me in the way I want?
How have your friends changed you?
How do I impress a girl for the first time if I want to kiss her?
How can I make my friends care about me?
If your friend did something that affected your friendship, how do you react?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
Why are some people so shy and some are not?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
How can one avoid awkwardness, especially if caused by an inequality in intelligence in the interaction?
Should I, as a high school rising sophomore, come out as gay to my friends?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
What's the best way to deal with a coworker after an awkward exchange?
How do I tell my friend I like him without scaring him and losing our friendship?
How do I defend myself when men tease me? It is very annoying. They don't want to stop even when I ignore them.
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
A non-Muslim friend believes that Islam is a religion inspired by Arabic culture and it should not interfere with the economic, social and political life/sphere of a person. What should I say?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why would you start a forced conversation after the spark died?
What is social censorship?
I like this guy I've been friends with for the past 4 days. I want to talk to him in person but we are in different grades. How do I talk to him?
How do you overcome office loneliness when you're a socially awkward person?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
What are common reasons friends hate each other after living together?
How do I deal with my friends who talk behind my back about having sex with another friend of mine?
What would be your first question or reaction if you were to meet someone who said, “I am a time traveller from 2136 AD”?
How can I talk to someone/become friends with someone who has severe social anxiety?
How do I advise someone politely?
Why do boys act like they like you but when you like them back they say it was a joke?
Why should someone not use hand gestures while talking?
If you are given a chance to talk to a person who suicidal, what will you say to him/her?
Can you give me tips to make good conversations with people?
What should I do if my teacher ignores me in class and discourages me by speaking ill about my future?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
How do you talk about boundaries with a friend who's already crossed them, without offending them?
What if a female friend sends me morning texts but does not talk to me anymore like she used to?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
Is it possible to be friends with someone who has different ideologies?
How do I cope up with the unlimited expectations of the people around me?
A guy does not want to talk to a girl privately but wants to be seen in public talking and having conversations with her. What is going on?
Should I ask her out after one of her shows? (That feels creepy to me.) Or do I ask her out via a message?
Does everyone has a best friend?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
What do I do when I am talking to my friends and someone I do not know walks into the conversation?
Why would people want to hang out with me if they don't really like me?
Someone you love always asks you for help (as a friend). Should you continue to help the person or avoid the person so you can control your feelings?
How do I talk to myself?
What are some open ended questions to keep conversation long enough?
Can a person who makes less effort to make a conversation happen be considered as a boring texter?
How do I tell my professor politely not to show partiality with regard to students, so that he should understand and never do the same again in his career?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
How can I ask my manager politely for some clarification?
Should I continue to pursue a friendship with a married woman?
What are qualities that are important in a friendship for the relationship to flourish?
If I am arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me, is it still considered assault/battery?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do you respond to "how are you" when you know that the person asking doesn't care but you want to create an interest?
Why should I be all apologies?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
Why does a female friend deliberately spread her friend's old, fat photos around?
How do you make friends with someone who is too cool?
What are some catchy things to say?
If a woman is talking to you and complains that you are not listening - how much onus is on them to be interesting?
Should I talk to my friend about things about his behaviour that really bother me?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
What does it mean to hate someone?
What is the best app to find new friends?
If adulthood could talk, what would it say?
I'm 24. How can I build social skills and a friend group?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
How do introverts start a conversation when someone calls on the phone?
What are concrete examples of "getting out there" if you are a shy person?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
What did your friend/acquaintance did/said that embarrassed you but they never knowingly did to hurt/embaress you?
As a minor, will I get in trouble if I hang out with others who are drinking even if I am not drinking?
Did it take time for conversation to improve between you and your S.O.?
What is it like to make friends with an individual from a community/group that your family doesn’t approve of?
How do I connect with other lonely people like me on Quora to strike up a good friendship?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
How do I avoid loose talking in public places?
What are some of the best auto rickshaw talks/incidents/conversations Indians have had?
Will I seem more intelligent if I use more Latin phrases like ipso facto in my everyday speech?
How can I hold a conversation with a random person?
Have you ever had an internet friend pass away?
Why, in Portugal, don’t people usually talk about culture or other interesting topics?
How can you politely ask someone about staying online even free saying a goodbye?
How can I manage between my two friends who are not good friends themselves?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
How can I make a good friendship?
How do you retain more about the information a person is talking about to you during a conversation?
How do I make female friends on Quora?
What care had you taken while fighting with derealization/depersonalization?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
How do I get motivation in final's week if I don't have friends and you have to study all alone?
There is someone I want to be friends with, but they avoid me. How can I earn their friendship?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
What is the best way to tell people to cover their mouths when coughing in public?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What is a good comeback when someone goes 'okay mom' when you are trying to be helpful?
Why did my Capricorn friend who likes me stop talking to me?
What are some tricks or methods one can use to carry on an interesting conversation style as opposed to a forced or try-hard one?
Ethics is illustrated by how one acts towards others. Is ethics more than a semi-codified assessment of healthy behavior for a given social group?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
What should a person do after a breakup if they don’t have anyone else to talk to and they are slowly turning suicidal?
Do you ever get so lonely that you pretend someone is always with you?
What's classy if you're trashy, but trashy if you're classy?
How do I resolve pent-up resentment from someone who used to be a close friend/crush that I alienated?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
What are some interesting points to make to have a good and interesting conversation?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
My social skills are somewhat declining. What should I do?
My classmate stole from me then she hugged me like a pretentious bitch. Is she a sociopath or does she have a psychological disorder?
What do you do if you have a good friend who is Islamophobic and/or racist?
What is the best question to go straight to deep conversations?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
How can someone have a crush for more than 6 months while they never talked to that person?
Is it okay for a woman to approach a guy and ask for his number?
I have a friend with depression who lives in a different state than me, how do I let them know that I'm there for them without it being overwhelming?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Why do I always start with being a friend and end up with a bad image?
How would be a friendship with Athena Walker? And what are the differences to a friendship with a neurotypical?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
What are the types of people that you should always avoid talking to?
How can I stop being a people pleaser because I want people to like me?
I have zero experience with girls but I'm interested in one but I never talked to her in the few times we met, how do I aproach her?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
What are the qualities one should have to make more and more friends?
What should you do when your old friend proposes to you after not talking to each other for 12 years?
How do I deal with someone patronising who likes to consider himself superior and uses anything to put me down?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
How do you react when someone farts multiple times during a conversation with you?
How can I talk confidently while talking with my friends?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
How do I deal with a friend that is always in other people's business?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
How do I find intellectual people to hang out with when I have nothing to offer?
What are some interesting stories that have happened to you that you can tell other people in a conversation?
If he is not interested in talking and chatting with me, how can one keep one’s patience?
What is to be done when my good friend calls my sister an item? Should I punch him really hard or stop talking to him?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
There is value in small talk, though it's hard to explain. Can you elaborate on why small talk is necessary, despite it being superficial sometimes?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
What do you say to someone who has lost a loved one?
What would you most like for someone to say to you?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
Why has my friend been rude to me through her new besties’ will? Details are in the comments.
I can't get over my best friend's death. What should I do?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
Why does she keeps talking to me and telling me that her boyfriend doesn't care for her even though I don't know her boyfriend?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How can I start and establish fulfilling friendships with those around me?
How do you get a guy friend to stop liking you cause it's awkward and annoying?
How do I ask someone "how was your exam?" without sounding nosy?
How do I meet a good friend?
How can I stop being so awkward around people I'm not close with?
What if a housemaid tries to line you?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
Is it better to please others by sweet talking or just say no to drama of social talks?
How do I stand up for myself against my bully?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Why am I afraid to tell people to stop doing things I don't like/hurt me?
Why won't my abuser leave me alone?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
How should one start a conversation with someone new and what should be the content?
Can a painfully shy person be a cosmetologist?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
Does labeling someone as a profiteer make me someone who wants to control or judge others?
What can I do for my best friend if he is leaving town?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How do I talk to my mum about my rape? She knows about it, but she has not ever wanted to talk about it.
What should I do about my friend that's cutting themself?
Is it rude to walk away from the middle of a conversation?
How can I think to solve a problem raised in a job meeting? The nours and looking at someone who is talking distract me.
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
Why does it bother me that my friend is so into my culture?
Does a girl like you if she strikes up a conversation with you? She is a shy girl.
Me and my friends have to miss a great opportunity because of me. How can I come to terms?
How should we deal with friends who pretend to be good but abuse you in your absence?
What happens when two borderlines start a friendship?
How can I entertain my GF on a trip? I have a problem coming up with topics to talk about.
Why do you get bad/ good vibes from certain people?
How do you cope up with friends who is more charming than you?
How should I start and what should I talk in any conversation with my crush who has never talked to me before but just know me randomly?
How do I make friends when I have autism?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
As a guy, how do you recognize whether your friend is "whipped"?
Is friendship still possible for me?
What is the best way to have fun or meet people in Berlin?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
How can I become smart while talking with someone?
How do you respond to someone in upcoming meetings if you feel you were insulted by that guy previously?
What do I do to save my friendship?
How do I get my father to stop insulting me?
Have you ever lost someone (a friend or a partner) because of a political disagreement?
If someone says they are joking, does this also mean they've lied?
Why don't people respect me or care to talk to me just because I have social anxiety?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
How should I respond when a lady gets offended at something I said and angrily asks "excuse me"?
Are my friends, true friends or not?
Why do you think that people who become disabled or chronically ill end up losing friends? What motivates them to discard the friendship?
Why can’t I make strong relationships with my friends?
How can I block random letters from strangers in lettrs?
How do I become less socially akward?
Are many or most Instagram users & "models" narcissistic? Why do I get an instant feeling of annoyance regardless of how attractive the females are?
How would you respond if someone said "The Promised One" has come?
I just migrated and I’m ugly and introverted. How do I make friends and be accepted?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
Why do some people act like they have the world figured out, when in reality all they do is talk?
What should I do when new people are around?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
Can anyone be the best at more than one life aspect at the same time?
How can I improve in making small talk?
How do adults in their mid 20s meet people?
What is your reply when someone says that ‘I acknowledge your receipt’?
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
How can I make friends when I move to a foreign country?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
How do you respond when someone compares you to your coworker who isn't having a problem?
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
Why does not getting equal importance in a friendship feel like heartbreak?
What should I do, if someone insults me who was close to my heart?
I feel shy talking to girls and they think I want to propose them. Why? This is frustrating because I have no such feeling at time of talking.
Should I leave a city when there are too many bad memories and toxic circle of friends?
How do you respectfully tell someone their humblebragging is unprofessional?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
Why does he suddenly start avoiding me?
Does drinking really help someone open up to strangers?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can you find out if a friend is messaging and talking on an iPhone with a certain person without him knowing?
How do you avoid looking at someone (to ignore them) without looking like you are doing it on purpose?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
What should I do when someone is making fun of me?
How can I make friends with foreigners in America?
How do you make your enemies your friends?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
I'm a 15 year old with average grades and no special talents or passions. I feel like I'm a loser and will not have a future. What do I do?
There is a girl I am interested in, but she has a kid. Should I pursue her or just be friends?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Could you become my friend?
How do you get to where you're not shy anymore?
How do I make friends with people younger than me and yet have the respect?
What is the best theme to talk about for opening conversation with girls?
How do I make people remember me?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How can I improve my mask in my social surroundings (sociopath)?
How do I make good friends?
What are some good conversation topics when visiting Malaysia?
How can I get along with my host family?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
What would happen if your feelings come to talk to you in person?
Who do you choose to be your friend?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
I have very few friends, does that make me a loser?
What are the signs someone gives that they do not like you or do not want to talk to you?
What does it mean when some boys watch me all the time, at every hour, but they don’t talk to me ever?
Did you ever get defensive when someone was teaching you to drive or did you just sit politely and let them talk?
How would you define a best friend? Do you think you have one?
What should I do when the person that nominates me does not even vote for me?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Once a woman knows that you like her, should you initiate the conversation first?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
How do I have 2 best friends when one will get jealous and no longer be my best friend when I talk to another best friend a lot?
Why should we be friends with every race?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
How can I make friends with people? (Read details)?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large learning and development team?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Why would she stop showing interest all of a sudden?
How can I get back my friend, after not talking for a while?
If you know a guy thinks you are cute or pretty, how can you increase his sexual attraction toward you?
How do I bring up a foursome to my best friend?
What is a good way to deal with people who like to start drama?
What does it mean to say "something close to the opposite is true"?
I'm an introvert. I like talking to my close friends but almost nobody else. How can I be more open?
How do I introduce the idea of boundaries to a friend I feel has already crossed them without them feeling defensive?
What's the most polite way to tell a close friend that he/she has bad breath without making the person feel embarrassed?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Am I being left out because I'm not in the same classes as my friends?
What is the best memory you have of a friend, whom you lost?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
Me and a friend or two are planning to runaway, is it a good idea to have any friends with me when I do this?
Someone has bullied me every day and now that person is asking for forgiveness. Should I forgive them?
What do you think of making new connections online?
How can the Koreans and the Japanese get along with each other?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
How do you know if a 20 year friendship is worth saving or if there’s been too much hurt and change for repair?
Is there a way to replicate positive peer pressure at home to encourage good behaviour ( i.e., eating what is prepared for them or having a nap)?
How do you tell somebody you think they are ugly in a sugar-coated way?
How do I start a conversation on WhatsApp with a girl I met in a group?
What are the benefits of being a “good listener”?
What is the best way for a husband to deal with a moody wife, who at times gets provoked without a sufficient cause and is difficult to placate?
How do I make new friends at 30?
Should I leave my group of friends?
How do I socialize with girls?
How do you typically react when someone asks you for money on the streets?
Why do strangers on the Internet appeal to me?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
How do I make more friends outside my community in college?
How can I ask for my money back from a friend with whom I no longer share a friendship?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
A girl who tried talking to me was a bit clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How should I deal with a friend who is showing attitude?
What's the best way to avoid someone who is using you without them noticing?
I just lost a friend because my values did not align with theirs. Should I change?
How do I avoid stress when I'm talking to a crowd?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
Why would a person make fun of someone, demand they "grow a thicker skin," and then get mad when their victim defends himself?
I already meet people, take classes, join groups, and volunteer; so how do I overcome self-built social walls and, consequently, loneliness?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
Is fake laughing at social gatherings a key to success?
How do I engage in conversations with random people I come across?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
Silence never feels awkward for me. How do I know if the silence is awkward for the other person? (Body language signals to cue me in to speak?)
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
What is a perfect mouth-shutting reply to a person who says "Commerce is for weak students"?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How can I talk more clearly and sharply?
What does it mean when someone offers you their business card after a brief conversation?
Some friends of mine talk rubbish behind my back. How can I keep up my reputation when it is affecting people surrounding me?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
I feel like having friends is a waste of time. What the fuck is wrong with me?
What do you talk about when you have nothing left to talk about?
Is being socially awkward the reason I can't find a date?
What’s the best way to deal with a problem?
How do I start a conversation with girls in my friends group who don't talk to me often?
When someone says that he is against Brahmanism, what is the appropriate answer?
Why do people ask me "what are you doing?"
Why are some Geminis shy/awkward?
How do I approach a female stranger in India?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
How should I handle it if someone calls me a so-called skilled person in an annoying way?
What would you say you're saying when you don't say anything?
Do introverts literally tell everything about their life to their close friends?
Why do people talk about things that don't matter?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
Why do Indian woman not agree easily for being friends with benefits?
Why can't I keep friends?
How can I start a conversation with my crush over text?
Why can't we chat and make friends on fanfiction? It sucks.
How do I talk to a stranger comfortably?
How do I move on from someone who does not want to talk to me now?
I’m scared to talk to women. How can I get over this fear? Are they really from Venus?
How do I deal with a situation where a person who doesn't talk to and care for me changes their attitude?
How do I develop a friendship with someone to the point of being able to communicate nonverbally?
What happens when I stop taking Imuran (azathioprine)?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
Why doesn’t my father talk to me anymore?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
How can you tell if your best friend is fake?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
What are the social statistics that Gujarat should improve upon?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
How do I surround myself with positivity in a new place?
Why do girls that are not in my league like me?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
I lost all the people I thought were my friends, now I am lonely. How can I make new friends?
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
My best friend is not willing to talk or meet after a fight. What should I do?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
If you could make an exact copy of yourself, would you be able to be your own friend?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
What should I do in a conversation if the other person keeps making short responses?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
Is there any way to make me know more foreign friends, I am a Chinese person?
How can I meet and talk to a Bohemian?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
What are some tips for meeting new people and networking with them?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
How do I make someone stop annoying me?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
What do girls say to a bare-chested boys they like?
How do I ignore people without letting them know that they are being ignored?
What are you impressed by which others are not?
How do you escape from a boring party?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
When talking to someone and they turn their back to you, what does that mean?
How do I improve my life? I want to overcome my shyness and nervousness (accrued when I interact with girls)?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
How have your friends changed?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
Is it okay to not have a B.F.F. or close friends or friends at all?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
How can you tell someone 'it's okay' when it's not okay?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How can I talk to girls if I am an introvert?
What are some great tips and stories to initiate an interesting conversation?
How do I roast someone with a tooth gap?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
How do you deal with people who dismiss your feelings?
Why am I confused between being shy and getting attention?
Why do people close up to me when we first meet even if they're extroverts and talk openly with others if we are in a group?
When you're socially awkward, how do you make friends?
What should I talk with my crush over a phone call? We used to have chatting but I never talked to him as a person!
Do you believe it when someone says the 'Earth will end one day', and why?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
What are some indications that someone is about to attack you?
If someone were to trash talk you, how do you think they would describe you?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
Can you tell if someone is into something alternative?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
How should I reply to my friend who makes fun of me and my college?
What should I do when the guy I like is ignoring me?
Should you respond by saying “how are you” when asked the same question?
How can I help my friend stop doing dangerous things?
Do landscape photographers like it if someone tried striking up a conversation while they were concentrating on taking a photo?
Why is being "anti-social" looked at negatively?
What should you do to talk to a girl who is in some other school & you don't even know anyone from her school?
How do I respond to Moshe Ebner?
How you fight bullying in schools?
Why do attractive women have such a hard time making female friends?
How do you react smartly when someone points out your insecurities infront of other people?
How can I tell someone they look better with makeup?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
If my neighbor keeps talking bad about me and I just ignore her, am I permitting her behavior?
How do you respond when someone asks how you are and how your kid is?
Does anyone think it’s time for a fresh new way of socializing and meeting new people through an app?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
How do you supervise someone who bosses you around and acts like you're trying to do something to them if you ask them to do something?
Can people be friends with benefits without sex?
I hang out with a group of 7-8 new friends and have developed a crush on one of the girls. If I ask her out, will that ruin the dynamics of the group?
Is it ok for my friends to call me an idiot and beat me and call me a loser?
I just got in a group and I don't know anybody here. How do I stop being awkward?
How should I deal with people where I never know if they are serious or not?
How do you deal with people that hide behind the written rules to refuse to help you?
How can a talkative guy change himself to a silent one?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Is there such thing as a social therapist? Where they help high functioning autisitic and savant children to excersize their social capabilities?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
What topics do British find uncomfortable to talk?
What should you respond when someone asks 'How do you do'?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself?
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
I'm not good with conversations. What are some tips to keep the conversation going?
When one of your successful friends tries to make you feel low, what do you do? It's their habit to make fun of people.
The more I learn, the less I can talk with my parents? Why?
Do I lack social skills?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
What should I do when a friend of mine keeps on boasting about himself?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
How do I stop being shy with girls in high school?
How can you recognize who are genuine and fake friends?
How do I socialize with people I don’t know?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
What would happen if you met someone who is just like you, but without your negative qualities?
How should you deal with a situation, or react, when someone doesn't talk to you or they ignore you just because you earn less money?
How can I live with the fact that no one will ever like me and I will never make any good friends again?
Can a friend of mine meet me at the connecting flight at IGI?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Who don't Leos get along with?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
What was the last conversation you had with someone you never forget?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
What should I do when there is an awkward gap in a conversation?
What does it mean when someone tells you, “I am not comfortable with you”?
How can I make my female bestfriend value our friendship again?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
How do I make new close friends?
How can I explain to my friend that some things are rude?
How should I treat my female colleague?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
What should be the reaction when someone is making fun of someone else personally?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
What is the best way to inform people of different cultures about the importance of personal hygiene without offending them?
Why should you never do negative and derogatory talking to yourself, despite knowing that you are in a way responsible for the way things are?
How do you start a conversation once you find a person you’re interested in becoming friends with?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
What do I say when someone misgenders me?
If a stranger sits next to you, will you feel nervous?
How easy is it to make a German friend? And how easy is it, for a German, to make a Chinese friend?
How am I supposed to deal with someone who is always looking to score points against me in our conversations?
What does it mean when he starts smile warmly at me and initiates conversations, after we ignored each other for a while because of his cold response?
How can I make myself feel like a winner? I’ve been made fun of most of my life because everybody thinks I'm a loser of a human being.
Why do friends forget one another once they feel like they're just more than friends?
Can my friend get my information if I recharge with my friend’s account?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
Is being too social a bad thing?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
How should I respond to people who confuse me with my twin?
A few people at my school were making fun of my dream of becoming a YouTuber. How do I ignore them and continue trying to reach my goal?
What does it mean when someone wants down to a penny?
What are good rules for living with roommates you initially don't know?
Some co-workers ignored I could help and one gently suggested I do lighter activities because I'm a woman. What’s the best response?
Returning home after college has left me miserable but I can't figure out a way to do something on my own and settle in a city. Any suggestions?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
What is the surest way to make someone like you?
What should I do, when my mum doesn't accept that I don't want to hang out with people?
How do I make 4 years go by faster? My friends are going to a different school and we will meet up again in the future. Will they recognize me?
Do hot people only become friends with other hot people?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
Can anyone be my friend?
A group of friends and I came up with an idea, but they all ditched the group and I want to continue. Do they have anything to do with it, like IP?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I have been really down lately and I have wanted to talk to someone about it. How do I start the conversation?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
How would you respond if a stranger asks you out?
How would you define a friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
What facial expression should I make while saying "Thank you"?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
The nerds at my school are ignoring me because I believe in quantum mechanics. Does that make me a super nerd, or is someone here incorrect?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
Do you say "scram" when you tell someone to go away or leave?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
How do you deal with someone who repeatedly takes advantage of you, only messages you when they need you, and otherwise chooses to ignore you?
How do you get a boyfriend when you don't talk to anyone or how do you tell someone you like them?
How can I fix my friendship with this girl?
What do I say when someone asks me "how's life?"
How do I get comfortable and less nervous around girls? How do I know 'what to say', 'when to say', 'how to say' and actually say something to them?
Can someone with ASD have good social skills?
Do you get along with your relatives?
If you're always the first to initiate a conversation, is it a one-sided friendship?
The girl I want to talk to is helping out at this year's prom. Would it be wise of me to help too?
I am unable to fake interest in other peoples lives, does this mean I will never have friends?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
There is a girl who comes to my class period for extra studying. I noticed that, for most of the class, she is staring at me. How should I approach her?
What are conversation topics that can lead to a closer relationship?
Why can't my parents understand that I'm socially inept?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
If people are so nasty to each other, why should I even try to make friends with other people?
How do I deal with a jealous friend and roommate?
What is the best way to start talk to strangers?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
When thanking someone, should I use physical contact like patting them on the back?
What is the best and safe way for an introvert to make new friends?
How do I make connections with people during teenage?
Why do people find it difficult to get friends to chat on WhatsApp?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large corporate teams?
How can be a better person and improve my relationships with others?
How do you know if you're important to someone?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
When did you last met your best friend?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
It's always me who asks my friend to hang out. Is there anything I can do to change that?
Could a shy person be misunderstood if he or she lived in the USA?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
When was the last time you look at the mirror and you look different from the previous you?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
Who are your best friends in college?
How do you politely tell someone you don't like them?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
How do I overcome my insecurities of becoming a performer? I want to sing but I grew up with people making fun of my voice.
How can someone tell if meditation is right for them?
How do I learn to argue with women?
Why can't I talk to my psychiatrist anymore?
Why did a psychopath stop talking to me?
Do females have more male friends because males would be more likely sponsor their hangouts & give gifts when they like them?
How should I response to “silence is the best reply to a fool”?
What should I do when people start talking with each other in a group, and you are left out?
Is it illegal to tell someone you want to strangle them?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Am a girl and am talking to this girl on Quora who keeps telling me she loves me, what does that mean?
How do you get along with the British?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
What do I do when a guy sitting beside me asks me to talk about something interesting?
Do you know someone who I can talk to and ask a few questions about aeronautical engineering at Manipal?
At what age is someone suppose to have their shit together?
How can I build relationships without small talk?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
How do I ferociously block people who politely disagree with me?
How do I get someone to like me (I’m a boy)? Or how to know if someone likes me?
What should I do if a closed-off person isn't responding to me?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why am I always missing and thinking about my guy friend?
How do I stop someone at work from being rude?
What makes Barnes & Noble a great place to meet people?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do you know if your friends are taking advantage of you?
How do I start dating again?
How do you respond to someone saying you're a nobody and always will be?
What's the best way to tell a girl I'm friends with that I am interested sexually?
How do I ask a neighbor I haven't talked to in a long time for help?
I have a friend who’s told me that they don't see themselves making it through their entire life cycle. What should I do?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
I am not really good at English. I can't make friends and I don't have same topic with my classmates in Australia .What can I do to make friends?
My friend suddenly said he's not friends with me anymore. How did this happen?
How can I tell if someone's picture is genuine?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
Why would a friend always depend on the same person for a ride, then suddenly not?
If someone told you that you have a facial feature that is too big, what would you say?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
No one looks at me while I’m talking to them. What should I do to be a part of any discussion?
Are someone’s friends likely to stand by their friend if he murdered someone none of them liked?
It's been more than a year since I started doubting everything. Is it better to share my ideas with close friends, or is it better to keep them to myself?
Is it bad that I go up to people and talk to them just because I can tell they are wealthy?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
If LGBT has been a thing for a long time, why has it only recently exploded in the media? It wasn't a social issue and talked about much back then.
What are some effective ways for introverts to stop a conversation when stuck with a chatty person?
What do I say if someone tells me arigato in Japanese and he is a close friend of mine?
What are the qualities that a girl see before talking to a guy?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
Why do my friends make fun of me by saying that that IIMs are waiting for me and other things? What should I do or say?
Why does this 'friend' insist on giving and refusing to take but then complains about being used?
What does it mean when someone says "Sucks to be you?"
What does it mean when you tell someone to tell the guy you like that you said hi and he just laughs?
How can I start an conversation on 7cup?
How do you remove a toxic person from your life without it being awkward?
How do I tell someone that I know he is faking blindness without being mean?
How do I become friends with Dylan MacIntyre?
What is the best reply if a girl says, “Why do you want to make me your friend?”
What are some ways to have a very strong friendship with someone?
Why do some people give more importance to virtual friends (social media friends) than to real friends?
What does it mean to be someone's first?
How can I avoid who is trying to avoid me?
Should I ignore the text of a friend who ignores my text sometimes?
How do I spend time with my friends?
How can I push people away from my personal space while being nice?
Why do I seem to dislike some of my friends over time?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
How do I dump or tell a friend that's lacking in common sense and making wrong judgements frequently on a person based on people's opinions?
What is the best way to respond to someone who asks you "are you assuming my gender?"
Are there any studies behind the phenomenon of talking to yourself?
How can I become less introverted? How can I force myself to become more social and find joy in interacting with people?
I feel sad and lonely as I don't have any female friend, what should I do?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
What does it mean when someone says I don't know?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
How should I explain to someone that I don't want to eat with them?
If I were to suddenly stop talking forever, what would happen?
How do I prevent being awkward in spontaneous situations?
How can people be friendly and kind since they are self-serving?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Is it important to make friends if you feel demotivated while talking to them?
How can I get along with a teacher, whom I don't like at all?
How many friends do you have in your life, right now, who you’re confident would be willing to make almost any sacrifice for you, if they were asked?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
What should you do if you have money but people you hang out with don't?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Are there some students at Stanford who might be brilliant academically, but also sort of strange in character? Maybe socially awkward in person?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
My boyfriend has problems communicating with me while around friends, but no problem communicating with friends around me. What could be going on?
How can I detach emotionally from a friend?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
In the documentary "Battle for Marjah," I saw the Marines licking some stuff like candy. Can you tell me what it was and what its essence is?
How do I ignore people around me for 24 hours?
When you believe your friend might be annoyed or upset with you, should you ask them if they are?
How do I do a better telephonic conversation with a person for the first time?
Do you think it's weird to go to a club with only one friend?
What does it mean when someone says yeah, true, right, all the time?
What is the best way for my friend to find a girlfriend at college?
How can I make my best friend happy?
What's a good comeback when someone calls you ginger as an insult?
How can I get close to my beloved friend?
Can you call a cop if someone says something degrading about you?
How do you go about resolving conflicts with someone who is emotionally expressive and with someone who is indirect?
Should we need to maintain a friendship with a lesser designation friend?
How do I give social cues to someone with autism?
Are friends forever?
I am a confident public speaker but I become speechless in front of someone who I wish to talk to. I don’t understand the psychology behind it.
If someone says that you did something wrong in life, what reaction would you have the first thing when you see that question?
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Do we tend to avoid those who talk negatively about themselves?
What would be your reaction if someone made fun of another's life?
Should I ignore and not deal with an acquaintance that is not interested in being friends with me?
What should I do when I can't empathize with my friends?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
If we hate someone, how should we treat him/her politely?
Why is it so damn difficult to make new friends after a certain age?
How do I deal with friends who don't stimulate me intellectually?
Are there some girls which love to live lonely or to talk less?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
Is it normal to be quiet because you have nothing to talk about all the time?
Is it good to talk to strangers, meet new people, and take the initiative without expecting anything in return?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
I’m in my 70s and people don't take me seriously when I tell them I'm an atheist. What can I do to tell them off but still keep them as friends?
How do I learn to talk slower and more clear?
Have anyone asked you to take bribe and do their work? How do you respond to that?
Husband told a couple of my friends personal information that put me in a bad light. He regrets it and has apologized. Do I forgive him or walk away?
I'm very bad at small talk, and I realise it's very important in business. How do I improve on this?
Is it ever okay to tell someone they're too happy?
Will people laugh at me if I wear earplugs to night clubs or concerts, as I have very sensitive ears?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
How do I get an extremely bothersome individual away and stop his issues without being too hurtfully direct?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
How can a close friend improve our happiness?
Is talking to yourself a good way to improve your talking skills?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
What area of science talks about social skills?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself, with god's help?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
How do you let someone back in the friendzone without hurting their feelings?
How do you handle a resentful ex friend who you see often?
Is it true that my friends are fake?
I am super uncomfortable with objectively treating women in restaurants like hooters and twin peaks. It is not pretend unease. But I enjoy porn. Why?
Is there a real psychic that talks to the deceased?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in Britain?
How do I deal with unreasonable downstairs neighbors?
When do you know that you want to go to a therapist? I mean, my problems aren't very big, but I really want to talk to someone who is a stranger.
What would you say, if you have to say something nice to someone?
How can I know if my friend hates me?
How do I talk to my crush without seeming desperate? Like if I text too much it just looks weird.
Why do people stop talking to someone without telling them the reason for it?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
A friend aged 56 calls your friendship quits after 10 years out of the blue. How do you handle it, and should you have words?
How do I stop wanting a friendship that will not benefit me in the long run? I can't stop wanting that friendship, but it won't serve to my goals.
What’s one offensive question you'd like to ask someone but couldn't because you know it’d be wrong?
What is your opinion about friendship (in a single line)?
Why do close friends eventually turn haters?
It seems as if everybody is asking "Is it rude to say this, do this, ask that, etc.?". Is there an obsession with rudeness (or politeness) going on?
Can't two people, who are very different from each other, be great friends?
How do I deal with a popular guy who might ruin my reputation without coming across as a wimp?
What is the most efficient method to drag someone out of a car?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
How do I handle it if a company I hired to make a website for me stops responding and avoids me?
How do gifted adults make meaningful friendships, and find others who are like-minded?
What's the best way to handle a situation where someone talks about a subject to you as if you don't know anything about it?
When someone says to you, "It's your world," what do they mean?
Why are some things more likable to most of us?
How can I become close to people instantly?
Is it better to be good or bad?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
If someone demands to talk to me do I have to comply?
What does it mean if someone told you to talk with him forever?
What kind of friends do charismatic people want?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
Can you call someone pathetic if they are a fisherman but they lie and say they're a businessman?
What are some of the best social platforms to meet people when moving into a new city? Why?
How do I stop social isolation as a teen?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
I made a very good friend last year. We never met in person but used to talk a lot. Why has she suddenly blocked me?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
What advice would you give to your peers when you are leaving them?
How do I nicely ask someone to not burp loudly?
How do you get over a friend who suddenly leaves you?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
If, hypothetically, Michael Jackson and Harry Potter met, how would their meeting and conversation be?
Where is a good place to meet and talk to Polish people in Berlin?
How do I get people to stop calling me Charlotte #2?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
How can I talk more about myself when I know computers and art, and I am helpful?
What does it mean when someone says humans were not 'created'?
Is a person more likely to be smart if she sits in the middle of a crowd and uses her smartphone without talking to anyone?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
Do you think technology is changing the way people make friends?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
How do I forget a guy who doesn't want to talk, but it’s my fault?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
My friend ignored me for almost three months, what was he thinking?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
If someone ever asks me why I'm still a virgin at 23, should I tell them I'm a born-again Christian waiting for marriage?
How do I politely ask for something?
How can someone tell if he/she is financially secure?
How did you get over the end of a friendship?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
What should I do to be creative in bringing thoughts and being infleuntial during a conversation?
I have a crush on a guy who I've known since primary school but we don't really talk. How do I strike up a conversation with him?
How did you begin talking with the girl you like?
Why do fellow women give me a bad look or act uncooperative especially when I try to be friendly?
How can you politely tell your boss to shut the fuck up?
How do I make an internet friend?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How should I deal with people who try to bring me down, demotivate me and disrespect me, and stay around me all the time?
How can I meet new people and make friends outside of school when all my old friends don't invite me to anything anymore?
What if your best friend was comfortable hugging you before and now he is feeling uncomfortable?
What should I say when someone says "whats up?" to me?
What should I say in a conversation with my crush?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Is it right to ask someone if you're important to them?
Whom I can call a friend?
What is the best comedy fight with friends?
How can I entertain a friend I only know on the Internet and will be seeing in person for the first time soon?
Does it help to find someone to whom you can freely and openly talk for hours about that woman you can't have?
Why does it seem like my friends never want to hang out?
A girl in my class ignores me. What should I do?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
What is the best way to approach a girl to reduce the percentage chance of being rejected?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
When someone stops talking to you and avoids you for no reason, how does it feel? Should we just get over with just like they left us?
How can I become friendly towards others?
Who likes talking dirty with strangers?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
Why does my mind suddenly go blank when talking to people? Even if it’s just a small talk, I’d feel so nervous my mind would go blank. How can I overcome this?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
Can anyone recommend good books to improve social skills and for anger management?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
Now that I know what was made of me what now shall I make of myself?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
How would you react if someone of your locality, with whom you haven't talked before suddenly appears in front of your eyes?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
Do you ever get the feeling that people dislike you, even though they never say no when you ask if they want to hang out?
How do you confront a two-faced liar who will just deny it?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
I’m in love with my friend and we're both girls. I want her to talk more and find me interesting. How do I act in order to make her interested in me?
Why doesn't my young female colleague converse with anyone?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
When someone is talking behind your back instead of to your face are they lying to others about you?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
What can I do if my friend doesn't come to school and I miss them?
How do I overcome the burden of social rejection in childhood and become more social as an adult?
How can I deal with a broken friendship as I pissed off her with a tactless message?
How do I tell my friend she can't join the military?
How did you silence your critics?
Why do people talk behind others but still hang out with them?
How do I make friends with my crush's sister?
What is a fun psychological trick to try on someone?
How do I prevent myself from being talkative?
What do you do when you win/lose an election against a really close friend?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
Does it bother people who are studious and intelligent to not have any close friends?
How do I become more sociable as a teen and get better grades?
What is a professional way to ask my strict general manager for more admin responsibilities in the hotel industry?
If you knew the exact time, date and circumstances of someone else's death, would you tell them?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
Why do I feel more comfortable chatting online than talking real-life?
What is the best way to boost your social engagement?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
Could it be possible to still make friends in your 20s if you've literally never had one friend ever in your entire life?
How should I react to compliments from flirters?
How do I get my neighbor to say hi without saying hi first?
Has someone that liked you as a friend changed their mind?
Where is the best site to find friends?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
What do you want to say to all the people who tell you "Quora is pretty boring"?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
Why do you lose interest in doing something when someone else (e.g. your mother) tells you to do it?
I have friends but lack a group. Should I focus on joining an existing group?
How do I stop talking so much and be more introvert type?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
What should I do to stop getting nervous in London?
Why do the Bangladeshi and the Pakistani people get along but their governments do not?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
Can I ask someone I have been friends with to delete my messages to him/her on WhatsApp?
How do I get over my fear of male humans?
What would happen to someone if they never went to a friend’s house or never had friends over and never spent time with anyone outside of school?
Some aspects of my friend's personality really annoy me. Does friendship mean I have to accept all of his negative traits?
An Aries female has been ignoring me and doesn't even text/call me anymore, for 6 months, but says we're friends. What is happening?
How can I confront my family, when they tell me off or keep talking when they are mad?
What are some good excuses to start a conversation with a shy girl in my class?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
How do I react when someone opens up to me?
Where can you really meet people in their early to mid 20s?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
When there is so much loneliness in the world, why do most of us have trouble reaching out to others?
How do you keep a conversation going in different settings?
Why can't people get along with each other?
Will untrue friends talk unkindly behind your back, but true friends will never do so and will always tell you the unkind things people say about you?
How should I react to someone awful from the past returning as if nothing happened, and everyone else is just accepting him back into the group?
Why do females have more male friends than female friends & males have more male friends than female friends?
How have you benefited from having friends?
How do you tell someone that they are holding you back in life?
Should I avoid a girl who takes advantage of me? She is the only friend I have in my class though.
How do you interact with a senior college/school mate of yours when you meet him/her after a very long time and thr person is not in a very good job?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
Why has my guy friend from high school started ignoring me all of a sudden?
What does it mean when someone says oh?
What do you do on weekends when you are in a different state and you do not really have friends or someone to hangout with?
What are some things you talk about when you meet random people?
Have you had a bad ice breaking talk but the conversation became nicer later?
What do you think of individuals who befriends other individuals simply out of pity?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do you deal with codependent people who are always trying to control everything?
What does it mean when someone ignores you?
How can you change from a talkative person to a listener?
Is it creepy to leave an anonymous thank you letter at the office of a professor I had this session? I'm too shy to go talk to him.
Is it wrong that I only choose friends whom I can learn from?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
What are the current topics we must talk about?
Is it wrong to keep wanting to make a friendship right even when the other person is not interested?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
What should I do about people who make fun of me for being Indian and the stereotype of a small you-know-what?
How do you deal with friends who judge you and give unsolicited advice?
How do I curb an attraction for a long time friend?
How do I avoid getting nervous while talking to an elderly person?
What should I do when someone has ignored me badly?
Why does my cat only talk and carry on conversations with me?
How can I make true friendships?
How do you make the first move on a guy if you’re shy?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Should you ask someone whether they care about you or not?
How do you deal with people who think they are the best?
Should I invite my dad to my graduation?
How do I deal with others who constantly ridicule me?
What is the best reply if someone asks me what my dream is?
Why is it easier to talk to a person by text while face to face conversations become awkward?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why do I find it hard to have female friends?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Why do I think that everyone should like me?
I’m travelling to California on a B-1 visa for a meeting. When the meeting ends, can I meet my friend who lives in New York before I leave for India?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
Is there a good way to prevent people from getting emotionally attached to you?
How can I get him to talk to me in person, not just text?
How can I deal with friends who talk to me just when they need money?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
How do you feel about peer pressure and how would you handle a situation where you saw someone being peer pressured into dangerous situations?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
What should I ask when someone says “ask me anything”?
When we lose good friends, is it fair to say change is constant as an excusing statement?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
Most people I meet think of me as a rival or just a loser but not a friend. I avoid conflicts, stay humble, and mind my business. What's wrong with me?
How does it feel when a friend of yours or a person you care about is stubborn?
What do you do if your friends say something mean to your friend behind their back?
What makes us age?
How should I respond to people who criticize me for naming my child Peekaboo?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
How can I make fun of myself without loosing my respect or comming off as stupid?
Is it better off to cut off an immature friend?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Why do I sometimes feel like I want to talk to someone even though I have nothing to talk about?
What does it mean when someone tells you أخت رجال?
How do you know if someone is a friend or a wolf in a sheep's clothing?
How do I start talking with the new students of my school? How do I try to make them my friends? What should I say first?
Is it possible to know if someone has updated their WhatsApp if I don't talk to them at all?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
Are there any tips for building up confidence to talk to strangers?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
How do I cope with a friendship fading?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
Me and my friend were talking about someone on Facebook. He has shown that chat to a person who is threatening me to put behind bars. What should I do?
There is a boy who lives down my street and he's always caught my attention. How do I initiate conversation when we've only met once (it was brief)?
Is it legal to hit someone if they call you fat and swear at you?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your parents about?
How can you tell if asking someone "how are you" produces an enthusiastic or aversive response?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
How do you respond when someone says, "I want to know you more.”?
Is it important to talk about problems?
I used to be talkative but now I'm very quiet. What should I do?
Is considering your close friend as a brother good?
A classmate shoved me, how should I treat him?
How do you react when someone passes a belittling comment at you in public?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
What are the different ways an expat can make friends in Nairobi?
Why do all of my friends disappear the second I stop leading our friendship?
How do you respond to "what are you gonna do about it"?
When someone criticizes you, do you instantly get defensive, or do you listen and ask questions?
What do you reply to someone who says you are following bar culture just because you have a drink or two with your friends?
How does someone with serious paranoia talk?
How should you react when a boy says 'that's good for a girl'?
Is it acceptable to talk about yourself often?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What is the best way to tell someone's nature?
I've been very down lately and I've been wanting to talk to someone about it. What do I say to start the conversation?
How do I deal with a fake ex best friend and their new friends that never had a problem with you?
What do I say when others tell me that I'm not good enough?
How do you get along with a teacher you despise?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
How can I help a friend reveal to another that he/she is homosexual?
How do I reply to an insulting person that will leave them speechless?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
In school, I'm best friends with girls, but, as a boy, my parents want me to only have male friends. Should I stop having female friends?
Why is everyone ignoring “neetug17dateextension”?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
If a flight attendant doesn't make eye contact when talking to a customer, what would be your reaction?
What does it mean when someone is called quirky?
How can I attract a playboy model?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
How do you get along with English people?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
How can I wire my own jaw shut so that I can't talk?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
Why do other people always have to talk bad behind your back even when you haven't had any kind of conflict?
What’s the best response for "Do you have a PhD"?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
What do I tell somebody who is being a jerk and who thinks they can beat me up?
What do you say when your friend feels like no one likes them?
What is the best way to respond to someone asking me what my religion is?
How do you think consciousness came into existence?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
I'm introvert. I don't find topics to talk besides work. What can I talk to boss so it doesn't sound too friendly? How can I develop skill to talk?
Does extra testosterone and aggression give you social intelligence and more power in social situations?
Is it important to be able to accept compliments?
How can I make friends with autism?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
How can I get in touch with a girl who I used to talk to but now we barely see each other and most times we end up in awkward conversations?
Why don't I have a best friend or a close friend?
When a friend "dumps" you, do you get a chance to say how you feel?
What should I say when someone doesn't know where my home country is?
Why are some men shy around women?
How do I market myself on a resume and in an interview when I have a crippling level of social awkwardness (graduate with a bachelor’s degree)?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
What are the reasons why someone would be awkward?
Should I go back and call my haters and doubters after being successful or just ignore and let them know generally via social media?
How can I be the best at talking & winning others’ hearts?
How often should I call/text friends I don't see everyday?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
Are there good resources on perfecting the art of conversation, not aimed at shy or clueless people?
How do I convince my friend to not move schools?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
What is the best reply to a guy asking me if I'm single?
Have I done anything wrong in trying to get a girl through underhand means?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
What should I do to get back my male friend after I ignored his feelings when he was depressed?
I’m a 16 year old boy. How can I make friends?
How does one make friends in New York City?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What are the best statements for ending conversation?
What is wrong with me socially?
Does it help to talk to yourself once in a while?
How can one make teenagers talk and engage for future readiness?
How can a man start conversation with foreign girls?
Who is the first person you turn to when you have good news to share? Is it the same person or people when you have to vent or share some bad news?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
Am I the only person who panics when someone gets vocally upset at me for doing something that is not illegal?
Why do I get shy around certain men?
If a guy says he thinks you're pretty or cute, does that mean he's not sexually attracted to you?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Is self-consciousness a bad personality trait? What are the pros and cons of being self-conscious?
How can I make friends stop making fun of me?
Why do people think it's cool to shorten my name when I explicitly introduce myself with my full name?
How do I stop feeling bad when people make fun of me for not clearing JEE?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
I see ugly guys dating gorgeous, "hot" women all the time. I, too, am not very attractive but I'm not doing well with the ladies. What's their secret?
How do I make my apathetic friend snap out of it?
Do the Chinese and the Japanese get along well?
What's a good excuse to tell your parents you don't want to hang out with them?
What are some hacks for having a good conversation?
Is it stupid that I want to leave my friend?
What are some cheesy conversation starters?
When someone asks where you are from, how do you respond?
What is the medical condition of talking to yourself called?
Why do I have trouble interacting with people?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
My closest friends (who're also colleagues) have now become very toxic and treacherous. How can I remove them from my life?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How I can deal with a feeler person?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
How can I improve my conversation skills?
What are the words we need to avoid in a conversation?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
If anyone said I could talk with him for his entire life, how should I react?
How can I tell someone I don't want to work with them?
How can I see others’ conversations in WhatsApp?
How should a salesperson respond to an elderly customer who says “I don’t need the protection agreement because I don’t plan on living much longer.”?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
How do you tell your best friend you like him without ruining your friendship because he's gay?
How can we differentiate between well-wishers and enemies (as I got betrayed every time from the ones I thought of as my friends)?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
How would you respond to someone who shares way too much about something you don't care about without sounding rude?
Why do you like your friends?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
How can I get rid of my irritating friends?
What are the reasons that some people are shy?
Can we stop being boastful when someone asks a question? I know there are a lot of educated people here. Can't you just be nice when responding?
When someone says I am photogenic, is it a compliment? Does it mean I don't look good in real life?
How do you tell someone that you appreciate them when they think you really don't?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
Did you ever want to say thank you to someone, but were unable to do it?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
How are auctioneers able to talk so fast?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
How can I get my mom to let me hang out with my guy friends?
Are you proud of your country or do you wish to be born in another country?
What Do you think about most of the time?
Should I stop hanging out with my friend?
Where should I hit someone to give them a dead arm?
If someone we're talking to is uncomfortable, how can we make them more comfortable?
Which is the better way to live, with friends or without friends?
How can I improve my philosophical/social/ideological thinking skills?
How would I ask for someone's Snapchat without being creepy/weird?
How can you fully know someone if you don’t know their deepest secrets?
Did someone have sex with Kajal Agarwal in the industry?
How can one have an interesting conversation with a stranger and keep it going till you become good friends?
What is wrong with my Tinder photos?
How do I tell the difference between someone who is joking and someone who is devaluing me?
How can I know someone's feeling by only talking with them?
Is it okay to compare people?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
Do I have to be talkative to become a manager?
How can I make Chinese friends?
How do I handle the loss of a friend?
Why am I always pushed around?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Does a conversation become irrelevant from the moment we are no more talking about the debate but about the words we used to express our thoughts?
Should you tell a friend that what they are doing makes you uncomfortable?
How does one make real new friends from the UK?
In my group of friends, I'm the smartest. They always ask if I can give them the answers. What should I do?
What will you do if you run out of conversation with your girlfriend?
Did you ever had a friend who talked with you only to satisfy their own selfish motives. How do you deal with the aftereffects?
If someone has a negative first impression of you, is it best to stay away from them?
Is it wrong if I don't have friends?
Should you tell someone that you like him when he likes someone else?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
What does it really mean when someone says they still hold a flame for you?
How can an international student find its own group in college?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How do you deal with someone in your group who always objects to being included in photographs and spoils the photos?
Is it rude to tell people that they misspelled something during a presentation?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
What quality in others makes you want to slap them?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How should one tackle negative people?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What does it mean when a female is looking into your eyes while having a conversation but is rapidly switching between both of your eyes?
This girl and I have both fallen for each other, but she is scared that her past will hurt me, and so is building a wall against me. What should I do?
How do I stop being rude and make peace with parents?
What's the best way to message a girl you like but whom you haven't talked to in a couple of weeks? (I have social anxiety.)
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
Why did a popular kid at my school say hi to me, when I never spoke a word to him before? I basically just talk to my friends, who aren't popular.
How can I make him feel comfortable talking to me?
Is it rude to ask someone if they invest/what they invest in?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
How do you tell your best friend you like her without losing her friendship?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
Why do my classmates keep disregarding/ignoring me? Does it have to do with my appearance? They have no reason to be doing this in the first place.
Is talking with someone while travelling wrong?
Was there ever a time in history where everyone got along? And will all humans ever get along?
How do I remove the fear of what other people say to me?
What are some topics you don't like talking about with the opposite gender?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
How do you get along with odd co-workers?
Have you ever noticed that most girls won't initiate a conversation on Tinder?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What do I do with these fake friends?
I’m a college (international) student. I tried to make friends, but they think I’m boring and a nerd. I'm stressed. What should I do?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
What tests can you do to find out if a person is a fake friend?
If I'm planning to become a financial adviser, could I only recruit my acquaintances or the acquaintances of my acquaintances?
Why do I fall for guys more often in comparison to my other female friends?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Can I take advantage of my anxious friend?
How do you know if you're friends with someone because you genuinely are similar or because you just want a friend to hang around with?
An annoying student sits alone at lunch in my school. Should I sit with them myself?
How is it possible that I can dream conversations I have never had with people I know in great detail?
How should I respond if someone insult me in public or private?
Do I need to party to meet people while at university?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
What would you tell someone who was betrayed by the only person they trusted, and therefore can't trust or connect with others anymore?
Why is that, if I ask someone to stop licking his fingers, he takes it personally and gets offended and upset?
Does friendship nowadays last a lifetime?
How can I explain to my beloved friend that a bot has crashed my Pinterest feed and that's why we can't talk?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
What do I say if someone congratulates me?
How do I stop talking to a girl who is anxious and preoccupied?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
How do I stop acting so awkward around acquaintances?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Would you make fun of me for wearing cartoon undies?
Should a person improve their social skills if they're an introvert, meaning they hate socializing?
What are some date conversations that have turned you on?
How do I deal with my overly attached friend?
I am funny, caring, clever and a quick learner. I am a 22-year-old boy and getting irritated. Why do people ignore me, treat me as a stranger?
How do you manage rude people you meet?
My friend wrote a subliminal status about me, should I call them out?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
Why do I feel ashamed/disgusted of myself after a social interaction with "normal" people?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
Would guys let a female friend hug them if she asked for permission?
Do you have a friend who gets you in trouble instead of helping you?
What should I do if my friends hurt me without any reason?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
Have you ever gotten aroused in an awkward situation and how?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
What's a list of questions you might ask a random person you just met to get to know what makes them feel unique?
Should I keep trying or stop talking to her?
How do I avoid making friends?
What are some topics to talk about with an internet penpal?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
What are your thoughts on someone responding with "not a problem"?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
How can I tell my ex that I miss her like hell and still love her via text?
What are the signs which show that someone is not interested in talking to you?
Why is my friend always hard on me but not other women?
How can someone know whether he or she will become successful?
What is considered a good reason to call the police dispatch in Colorado to do a wellness check on a loved on?
If I'm arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me and they do, is it still considered battery/assault?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
How can I blend in with local people at a new place?
How do you initiate conversation with a girl you have a crush on and who you admire every time she is nearby, of which she is aware?
How do I find anyone that needs someone to talk to about his/her life over texts?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
Do people still hang out with friends from college after college?
How do I talk to a very shy, loner guy?
Do you think that there are true friends?
What should we do to keep ourselves safe from social pressure?
How do I stop being the friend no one likes?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
How do you get along with the English?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
How do you cope when you live in isolation and have no friends or current job?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
How do I get my family to stop talking about my weight?
What would be your reaction if you farted loudly in a gathering?
How do I prank someone who asks me to get them a Big Mac?
What is the best way to say “Hi”?
How can I learn to talk effectively if people say I'm talkative? How can I talk less and faster in India?
How do you stop devaluing yourself around people you've just met?
Is this shy guy avoiding me?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
Should I drop my "friend"?
Can a person in a coma hear me talk to them?
Can my friend access all my outgoing and incoming calls if I recharge with my friend’s account?
I need new friends, what can I do?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
What are the best places in India for a freelancer to live in and meet new people? I already live in a metro and want a break from the traffic and rat race.
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
What should I say about myself?
If you already have someone’s phone number and you want to ask them out, should it be done in person, or can it be done over the phone?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
How do you respond to people who ask how much you earn?
Is there an app that can respond by saying "ok, got it", "yes, I understand" based on what I ask? Something that can be configured to respond like that.
Should you tell someone if you're going to leave or not?
How can I help my (special) friend who doesn't believe a word I say?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
A girl tried to talk to me but clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How do I implicitly tell someone that I don't like him/her?
Do you want to make an international friend?
How do people socialise when they have very limited financial resources?
How do I tell if I enjoy programming?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
How big does a group of friends get before a popular clique is likely to develop?
Can you tell about the terrible friend you had?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
She wants to be friends. Now she is getting married. I’m trying to let our friendship fade away, but she really likes me as a friend. What do I do?
How do I deal with a neighbor who I suspect has a personality disorder?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
Can I find out when I became friends with someone if we are no longer friends?
I'm a shy girl, how can make myself exist?
Why can't I stop talking to myself?
What is the social life like for bachelors in the IFS? Are they allowed to date locals in the countries in which they’re stationed?
How do I convince my classmates that I’m not gay?
Do you talk with yourself?
How do I text people? I don't know what to talk about with others.
My friend keeps biting me for no reason. What should I do?
How not to end a conversation?
Would you consider continuing a friendship if your "friend" attempted to drug you?
Say you're off to an outrageous adventure with someone; what and where will it be?
How do I spend time with my male friends and not jump on them whenever I meet them?
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
What is a good comeback if someone calls you gay and you're not?
How do artists deal with people who don't have any idea of his work and make fun of it?
What does an index finger wave mean?
What is the most appreciated way to respond when someone says they lost their parent as a child?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
Is one considered unsocial if he/she doesn't drink?
What are the best conversation tips to date any girl from abroad?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
Is it right to ask someone important to you/someone you care about "what they think of you"?
What do you do, when a mother creates embarrassing situations for you because she is only focused on herself and always speak about everything?
How can you distance yourself from a friend?
How does one normally meet new people in online communities, specifically Quora and Reddit?
How can I contact K. K. Menon personally to talk to him?
Is it shameful to not have friends?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
Do your parents/friends care about you being Quora-famous?
How do I deal with these "friends" of mine?
What are the most subtle strategies that people use when they do not care about what you say?
How do you change friend groups?
Do you ever feel horrible about yourself when no one wants to talk to you?
What is the best thing to do when someone humiliates / insults you?
How do I get rid of my shyness when talking to beautiful girls?
How do you deal with people that patronize and talk down to you?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
How can I make friends on War Thunder on the PS4?
How do I tell girls that my piece is "crazy effective" without being rude or disrespectful?
Are people with broader friendship networks usually lower-maintenance?
How do I talk to boys?
What is the reason why people become friends with certain people?
How do you deal with intimidating neighbours? They do things on purpose to provoke a reaction, which is affecting me. I have extreme social anxiety.
I might have lead on my best friend into thinking I like him. I might want to end it but don't want to ruin our friendship. What do I do?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
Is it good to call someone a prophet?
How do I loot 2,000 in JioChat, without referring 200 friends?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
How do I talk to a guy when my friends told him that I like him, but I've never talked to him before?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
My boyfriend told me to fuck off during a fight and stopped talking to me. What should I do?
Is it pathetic if a person gladly accepts anyone as a friend because they have no other friends?
Why don’t they talk to me like an adult?
What is an unusual place to meet women or just new, interesting people?
Is there someone I can go to to make me the best looking I can possibly be?
Why would a girl be very trusting, despite not actually even being that close as friends?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
What would you do if your spouse keeps avoiding having a conversation about having children or keeps saying not yet?
How do I show sympathy to someone who says I don't know what they've been through?
I like my best friend. For the last three weeks, she has been ignoring me. Now she is talking to me again. What should I think?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
How do you respond to stupid point less arguments and accusations?
Why do I have to be in conflict with someone before I can get really close to them?
How do I stop being nervous when people look at me?
What can I do to seem less bored and tired when I talk to people?
How do I stop my feelings for a friend? We can’t marry. I am about to leave the city, and a part of me is sad to leave him. We were more than friends.
How do you deal with a shy person?
How do I get my hot neighbor to notice me?
My crush always stares at me and quickly looks away when I catch him yet he never talks to me. Is he just shy or am I reading too much into it?
How should a good friend be?
How can I, as an ENTP female, make good friends?
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
What does it mean, if a guy never talks to you first on FB but answers you immediately when you talk to him? Is he just nice?
Why do people get hurt when friends of the same sex ignore them?
How did your friendship end?
How can I get the president to talk to me and my family if I need help?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
Why should I reply when someone says "I'm trying to copy you"?
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
How do I avoid people?
Which is better at boosting social skills, cannabis or alcohol?
What kinds of topics do you not talk about with people you've recently met?
How do I avoid awkwardness without small talk?
Why doesn't good health, education, and a stable career fill the void I feel inside myself?
My friend is going out with an unknown person(might be a kidnapper/criminal). What should I do? I don’t want to get into trouble while helping her.
What are the different categories of social skills?
What kind of people do you like to deal with?
How can you help someone to shed the baggage of their past? What are the best ways to bring someone fully into the present and to prepare them for the future?
Is it a threat to my safety to try and talk to skinheads?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
Why do people talk negatively about darker people?
My family, bf, and friend never really care for me or even to put up some times to listen to me. Who should I talk to?
How do you say “Aloha” endearingly to a close friend?
What do you do when your good friend keeps fishing for compliments and you don't feel like going along with it?
How should I talk to someone who has just been rescued from a suicide?
How can I stop being so shy when reaching out to others?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
How can I convince myself when people don’t respond to my smile?
How often should I say hi to people when I pass by them?
How can I make friends when everyone's already grouped? I am a 15 year old girl and I am also not good at making friends.
Have you ever got aroused in an awkward situation, and how?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
What level of friendship should the manager maintain with the team?
How do you deal with personal inconsistency?
I am too shy to exist in social media. How can I improve?
What should I do when someone says bad things about me because of my personal life, and I don’t want to live?
How can I learn to accept myself and stop trying to be someone else in the way I dress, talk, and act?
If no one values me, neither my friends nor anyone else, then what should I do?
How can I keep envy out of my friendship?
What should I do when I feel like my friends are alienating me?
How do I get out of a one-sided conversation?
Will you add a stranger on Facebook who would ask what the CSS stands for?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
I used to talk to a girl all the time and we were good friends but I am shy so I never talked to her in person so we stopped. What should I do?
How do I start a conversation with a person, so that they will never get bored with me?
Why does my friend's brother get too shy when I go to her home?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I become the most likeable person at work?
How should you respond when someone tells you that most men are bad people?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
Someone I was sitting next to and I burped at the same time. What does this mean?
Where should I take a girl I've never had a conversation with in person on a date? A restaurant? A movie?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
What is the easiest and the most cost friendly way to make a sidewalk?
How do I tell my friends and family I have social anxiety?
How do I say hi to a new student?
What should I do to be or feel most alive in public places with acquaintances and strangers?
How can I deal with someone who has no respect for my property?
Is it okay to not be friends with my fiancé's friends? When they come over, I don't even care to be in the room to say hello.
How could introverts learn to become more social and hold comfortable and meaningful conversations for both parties?
Why do guys randomly stop talking to girls?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
What's the best reply for thank you?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How can I talk to the girl I like who stays in a group?
Is there difference between my friend and a friend?
I’m worried about my sadistic friend what should i do?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
Why do I never shut up in the shower?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
If someone talks negatively about your country, what you will do?
What is the appropriate way for a military officer to respond to insubordination?
What do you do when younger relatives ask for money, after they told you they don't want to talk to you? Should I call them out?
Why would a girl avoid talking?
Why should I trust anyone? After all, everyone will stab you in the back sooner or later!
How can I help my 19 year old develop social skills and friendships?
How do you call someone who is not interested in politics?
A coworker likes to skate. Should we go out as friends if this person accepts the offer?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
How can I feel comfortable with my height?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
How do I prevent others from taking control over me?
I am shy and lonely. I am employed in a company. Everyone around me are promoted and move up the ladder. Would somebody tell me what I should do?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
How can I get my friend to depilate?
I joined a community group at my church and the leader seems unpresent with me. Should I keep going to this group?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What is the best way to ignore a person you like?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
Which would you do if you were verbally bullied for months, fight back or report it to the school authorities?
What is the best reply to someone saying "… and I am ok with that"?
As a RCB fan, how should I react when people tease me?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
What is the best way to start a conversation online with someone and transition it to real life?
What is the best trick to talk with anyone confidently over phone?
I have a friend on FB who keeps randomly cursing (possibly about sports). How can I tell her that she should add what she's watching to her status?
How can I become friends with a police officer as a student?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
Whenever I want to talk with someone, my thoughts turn negative and people get hurt. What should I do?
How do I ask for WiFi politely?
Have you ever started and maintained a conversation with a stranger online (e.g. on Quora)?
Why are some people not shy?
What does it mean when a woman smiles at you behind someone, but will not smile front of this person?
How do I start a conversation with a stranger (a female) in India without sounding creepy?
How can i avoid being emotionally manipulated?
How can I deal with homophobic talk from "friends" and people I hang out with, as a closeted lesbian?
How do I ask for restaurant recommendations without being rude?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
Why has my good female friend's behavior changed a lot towards me? She is behaving completely differently but is playful with all of the males.
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
Can​ someone tell me what are the unknown facts hidden in the Mahabharat which are not prominently discussed?
How do I find friends with the same success hungry attitude as myself, as there are none around me?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
Who were you and who are you?
How many friends do you have, and do you think all of them are your true friends?
How does one make friends if they despise small talk?
How can I become social in a new school?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
Why do people act differently when talking over the internet?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
How do you feel when the person you want to talk is not online?
How can I display confidence through my eyes? I'm tired of people trying to bully me because they think they are superior.
How can you avoid being needy when you only have a couple of friends?
How can I know whether my best friend is a true friend or not?
How do I stop worrying about my past?
Why is my friend protective of me? (We're both girls.)
How can I authenticate someone I met online?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
A man has seven friends. If the first friend meets him every night, the second meets him on the second night, the third on the third night, and so on -after how many days will they all meet together?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do narcissists hate when you say you are happy and made new friends?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
What's the proper way of receiving a compliment, without sounding to conceited or arrogant?
What do you say when you help someone all the time and when it comes time for them to help you they say they don't owe you anything?
What does it mean when someone calls you a hustler?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
How can I keep separate from my friend who has nothing to offer me?
Why does she rarely initiate talking, but when I initiate it, it regularly lasts 30 mins? Does she like me?
How do I recover an old friend?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
What happens to a listener when a person says (with attitude) that he/she knows a lot of stuff, but in reality he/she doesn't know anything?
Someone asked me what is suicide and I suddenly uttered “it's your defeat.” Am I right?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
What's the best thing to do when people talk about others to you?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do you reject politely when someone is asking you to send a photo of yours?
Should I talk to the girl I like?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
How can I say someone has a beautiful face, without sounding like flirting or hitting on them?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
Should we give too much respect to son-in-law?
How do you talk to a girl that snubs people?
How can I be a more charming person if I don't have the looks? Also, I'm not very talkative or expressive.
Why has all the effort I made for a special friend to get his attention actually pushed him away? Is there anything wrong with being so generous?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
How can I get Jordan Yates to follow me around socially and virtually?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How can I stop telling myself, that I shouldn't see me as an artist because creativity doesn't come naturally to me?
What should I do if I find a person who doesn't want to speak to me?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
What do you think about temporary friendships? Are they real or fake?
What is the last nice thing you did for someone?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
What do you do if you can't get along with someone who you can't avoid meeting every day?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do I expand my social circle and meet more people in college?
How can I tell someone that they are stupid without offending them?
How can humans get along with the environment?
Why do people make fun of me for being asexual?
I get over excited when I talk to new girls. How do I stop this?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
My sister is angrily talking to herself, what needs to done?
How do you open yourself up again after losing a friend?
What is a good metaphor for someone who needs attention?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
What should I do to my backstabbing friends?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
How can I seem friendly?
I've liked this guy for a while now. We talk over text and Snapchat and it's not awkward. What I've noticed is he's really awkward in person. Why?
What will you do if your bestie thinks that you are ignoring him/her because you got a few new friends?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
Why do I feel awkward or sometimes even anxious when I'm talking or hanging out with good friends or my parents?
Is there something wrong with me? I can't cheer up my friends.
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
How should I talk to somebody who has cancer?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
How do you tell the difference between someone playing victim or someone genuinely having a hard time?
How do you keep your head up when people are spreading bad rumors about and you can afford to move?
How can I overcome anxiety when talking with other people? How can I get rid of being socially awkward?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
How do you interact with someone who exhibits a negative/unfriendly attitude towards you in a social setting?
What am I doing wrong that prevents me from making friends?
Just because I had a bad experience with one group of friends, why does that make me scared of getting close to others?
How do you become really close to someone who is generally closed off?
Why can't I just be 'me' in social interactions? Why do I have to scheme to fit in?
How can I become friends with Xi?
When you're a person who has gone through sexual abuse, will you ever get comfortable around guys? How long will it take? I’m tired of being afraid.
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
A guy friend who I don't talk anymore after a recent fight still follow my Instagram? Why?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
Why did my friend (girl) avoid seeing me?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
If someone says “I am going to do what I got to do”, what is the best reply?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
A friend insulted me in a WhatsApp group. Now, I am afraid to face people as they will laugh and make fun of me. What do I do? I didn’t do it on purpose.
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
How do I impose my will on every person I meet?
Is it wrong if you don’t want to be friends with anyone?
How would you react if someone you didn't know knocked on your door and asked if you were okay?
How come I can speak to people normally and have a decent amount of friends but I get overwhelmingly nervous when giving presentations?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
My friend suggested sex, I turned it down, next day texted back "might not hurt". Did I mess up our friendship?
What are social skills and why are they important?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
Is it alright for a man who's committed in a relationship to be meeting new women just as friends?
Can I fight someone who says racist stuff to me?
How should I react when my best friend constantly hurts me about my skin color?
What is difference between being friendly and being cheap?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
What are the weird/absurd/random messages that girls get from strangers/friends on any platform?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
How should I react when people criticize me?
What is the best opening line to start a deep conversation?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I talk to my mother about my rape? She knows about it but brushed it off and didn't want to talk about it, but now I feel like I need to talk.
How hard is it for a shy girl to start a conversation over text with her crush?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I make friends at 20?
How would you thoroughly clean the home of someone who is allergic to dust, without making it worse for them?
Why don't I like physical contact with my family? (hugging, kisses, leaning and sitting next to them)
What are some good yes/no questions that I can add in an app that I am making for my female best friend?
Why do my classmates try be friend with me?
Short lived interests, what does that say about someone?
What should one say in reply to “nasai kala”?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
Can I reply “my pleasure” when someone replies “you are welcome” to my “thank you”?
What does it mean if a person don't want to talk to you or have eny incoming with you and less interested?
What are the implications of going up to someone important and saying a risky introduction?
How do I approach a friend that I feel is lying to me?
How do you ask somebody if they like your friend?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
I sit in front of a girl who I think seems cool and is pretty. How do I talk to her so I can get to know her better?
Have you struck a conversation with a stranger and regretted having done it later?
How can you tell when someone is teasing you to be mean or if they're teasing as friends?
My friend talks about race too much, how do I make him stop?
How do I tell if someone likes me when they never show their emotions?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
Is it rude to ignore someone if they are bothering you?
How do I respond when people think I'm the boss' son but I'm not?
Is there a way to tell someone that they smell nice without sounding creepy?
What could be the best reply for F*ck off?
I have good social skills, but I often feel phony when using them. What should I do?
How can teenagers make friends in a big city?
How do I make friends with an existing group of friends?
What is best response you can give if someone takes you as a kid?
How do I handle dumb friends without hurting them?
How do I excel in life as a highly sensitive yet socially awkward introvert?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
In class, I told someone to "shut up" during a test because he was talking. Now I look like a bad guy and everyone is ganging up on me. What do I do?
How could someone best respond to "It doesn't matter, you wouldn't believe me even if I told you”?
If the person only texts me when they're bored at night, and need to kill the time, what am I to them?
Is it worth it to get close to a person who you barely have something in common?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
My friend is doing articleship in dilloite. Should I send my CV to him or try in such firms without reference?
How do I mingle with people in public places?
Is it wrong to talk to someone of the opposite gender daily?
How do you tell someone they are judgmental?
What is the smartest thing to make somebody shut up after they call you gay?
What is a good career to pursue if you like to travel and meet new people?
I want friends as a teen, but I'm so bad at keeping relationships. What should I do?
There is a joke about the cat was on the roof referring as an easy way to tell someone that someone died?
How do I tell my friend that I never said anything regarding his marks?
How can I stop getting messages from someone without hurting their feelings?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in high school?
How can I live without hurrying much but accomplishing everything?
Why do some people suddenly stop talking to you even though you were close?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
How can we improve our conversation skills in social gatherings?
Where can I find friendly & optimistic as well as safely adventurous people to befriend?
How do you try to share your experience without making the conversation about yourself?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Where can someone in his thirties make new friends online?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
Should I be afraid to wear a fanny pack as a man?
How do I deal with friends who remember me when they have work but not when they’re having fun?
What is the most humourous way to reply when someone greets me on my birthday?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
My fiance is not interested talking to me. What should I do?
If you are friends with a celebrity should you tell your other friends? Why or why not?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you conduct yourself with 'friends' who exclude you from activities and talk about them in front of you?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
How do I tackle a conversation with my boss who changes goal posts in every conversation?
I'm a new junior at a very large high school. How can I make friends with other juniors?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
Is it possible for a sociopath to not be able to make friends?
How do you talk about established facts without sounding arrogant?
Should I stop trying to be friends with some one because I feel like I'm clinging on to them really fast?
When you're in front of someone who is using a computer and looking at the screen, where do you look at to not seem awkward?
Should I trust someone who talks bad to others when they leave?
How do I chat with women in order to develop friendships?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
I'm an Indian guy currently staying in London and I don't have any friends here. What's the best way to meet new people here?
What should I do when someone looks at me & says "autistic" and rolls their eyes and scowls?
Should I open up to someone close to me about how I was raped in my childhood?
Is it normal that I like to look at a guy, but I don't want to talk to him about it?
What is the polite way to make a request for a project?
Is it bad to picture myself sleeping with every person I meet?
How do I take a holiday without offending anyone?
Are you morally responsible for the advice you give?
Have you ever wished very badly that somebody (who is not a celebrity) was your one of your friends​ or family? Why?
How do you decline unappealing food at a friend's house?
How do you see someone’s profile who is private but they DM you and you don't want to accept because you don't know who it is?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
What are the basic rules to know when socializing with people?
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
How do I say no to someone for a date without sounding rude?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
What is the best reply for a person who calls you fat?
What is the most polite way to turn down an offer you had accepted?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
How do I identify the right set of people, and consider them as good friends?
Who can I talk to about my problems?
What are some hints to take care of while inviting 10 German friends for a lunch party?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Whom should I talk to when I have no-one to talk to?
How can I stop being extremely uncomfortable in some quite normal situations with many people around me?
What are some useful ways to prepare in order to seem confident before going to a party, social gathering, out with friends, etc.?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
Why does my friend always act petty around me?
Is it too late to make friends?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
Why am I so scared of putting myself out there?
What is a good career for someone who likes talking to people?
Do shy people make it in the world?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
What do you do in your spare time if you are having trouble making friends?
How do I get respect from people? No one likes me except for 2 dudes.
Why don't my friendships last?
How do I stop apparently "looking shy" or "nervous" when I'm not even shy or nervous?
How can I overcome being an "ooch ouch" guy?
How do I speak easily with people when I see them for the first time on a train?
What do you do if your new acquaintances tease you in fun with people who genuinely don't like you?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Is it inappropriate to stay in contact with a manager that laid you off?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
How can I be more attractive to my female friend?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
What are some good conversation starters for a casual first date?
How do I ask someone if they want money for their service?
What can I do about my terrible social skills?
How do I deal with my best friend who is ignoring me when he got a new friend?
What value does CA have in the USA, the UK, and Australia ?
What do I do so that my new friends put in the same effort?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How do I meet new people and grow in a corporate when I am an introvert?
How can I become more proud so I won't get miserable if someone offends me?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
How can I politely and effectively stop someone saying "You can't take it with you (when you die)" as an excuse to be wasteful with money?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Did you follow someone then noticed that they intentionally ignore your comments?
How do I make people stop talking to me?
My friends beat me in class just for fun. What should I do?
What happens if you just stop participating in life? If you're just done?
Why do I have such a bad feeling after running into my middle-aged neighbour?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
It seems that when I like someone and then they like me back, I will like being with them for a little while and then I close myself off. Why is that?
We were only talking as friends, had good conversations, but suddenly he stopped talking to me?
What should I talk about with a girl so she doesn't get irritated or bored?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
How do I tell an acquaintance that I know when their birthday is without sounding creepy?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Do your friends mock you, behind your back for taking a reserved seat?
How do I reconcile with a former best friend who doesn't want to speak to me?
What should I do if anyone tries to be friendly with me?
The guy I was talking to changed his number. Can you give me some advice?
What is one friendship you are glad you ended and why?
What are the different ways to ask “What's up”?
What do I do in a party alone when my friends dance with somebody else?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
How can I get rid of unwanted friends but still be in a healthy friendship?
What should I do if I talk to someone so politely and that person insults me?
What are the characteristics of a person who no longer is capable of maintaining a friendship?
What would you say to someone who wants to get into mindfulness but is having a hard time?
How can I ignore the person who lives with me? Can you give me good and relevant suggestions?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why don't I feel awkward during silence? It's just silence for me - there's nothing more to say/discuss. Thoughtful conversations require thoughts.
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
How can I get new friends to share what I’m feeling at the moment?
Why do people after the age of 30 stop having fun just because they have more responsibilities?
How do I apologize to my close good friend for my actions that I did after being drunk and that I did on the very next day due to being hurt by some of her actions?
How do I interact with a person whom I don't like in a group of mutual friends?
What can I do when he is ignoring me like this?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
What do I do if I don't have a trusted adult to talk to?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
Why is there more judgment on women who have mostly male friends, and not on guys who have mostly female friends?
What can be the best way to say no?
Is being single forever socially good?
How do you respond politely to someone when she flatters you?
“Most women aren’t used to initiating conversations with guys.” Is replacing “to initiating” with “to initiate” in the sentence correct?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
How can I stop talking almost entirely?
Am I expected to sit next to the girl I'm going to prom with if we're just going as friends?
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How can you stay friends in an office without getting romantically involved?
What is a good comeback to someone calling you a slut?
How do I convince people to keep the streets clean when they don't care about it?
What's the best way to meet new people in Istanbul?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
What should I do when a friend of mine is suddenly not chatting with me?
How am I supposed to react at people who make fun of themselves?
What should I say to foreign students if I want to make friends with them?
Some of my close friends say that I am changed now, but they don't know the situation from which I am passing. Should I give any explanation to them or not?
How do I reply in sayat.me?
How do I live with someone who is always accusing me of being a terrible person?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How do you tell someone you have an STD?
How do I reply when someone says, “You're a loser”?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
How do I tell someone on Quora that I like them without coming off as creepy?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
How do I handle the situation when I am sitting beside a person in exam who doesn't know anything and continuously disturbs me?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
Is it normal that a girl in school ignores me and avoids talking to me because I'm not popular?
How can we make uninvited guests go back without hurting them?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
How do I nicely tell someone that I don't like them?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
Being shy, how and where can I approach a girl without looking too weird?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
What if the destiny won't let two people meet but in real like they actually want to meet? Will everything go wrong when they meet?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Why do all my friends shake their heads whenever I tell them I like an Indian? (I am white.)
What do you say to someone who underestimates himself by talking bad about his appearance?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
How do I get my male roommate to curse less?
How could I make the best impression to a stranger?
How often should we text friends?
Is it possible to become more social as an adult, never having had these skills previously? If someone is introverted, can they learn to be outgoing?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
How do I tell my dad that I need more bras without making it awkward and embarrassing?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
How do I seduce a girl only through action?
How do you react rationally when everybody is fighting on religion?
How do I increase my confidence and gain more social skills?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Can you give me free online websites for talking with psychologists or strangers? I want to talk about my desperate status.
How do I open up to people when I'm shy?
What should I do if one of my friend ignores me?
If someone asked you who the "trash lady" is, what would you say?
People are always underestimating me and make fun of me because I can't play sports?
Will you feel bad if no one sits next to you on a bus but everyone else has a person who sits next to them?
Why do girls at my school say it is illegal to hit them?
What should I do if my best friend’s mom hates me?
How do you stay under the radar at school?
How are socially awkward people expected to "improve" when no one is willing to help them do so, besides telling them to "stop making excuses"?
How do I talk to people on dating.com site?
How can I make my life more social in Mumbai?
Why do I hate the idea of meeting new people?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
How do I build a social circle during college?
How do you feel when someone talks to you in Chinglish?
Do you talk with youself? If so, do you feel comfortable doing it?
How do I stop others from interjecting while I am in conversations?
Can two best friends make up after they exchange below the belt insults in anger?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
What do you think is the best way to avoid people who are very annoying and only spread negative vibes?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
My best friend is always the popular one. What do I do?
Why do we sometimes get the urge to have sexual relations with someone we just met?
What is an appropriate response to patronizing behavior?
How I deal with a broken friendship, as I angered her with a tactless message?
Will I be unsuccessful because I like having only a few friends?
On what basis will you classify someone as a bitch/asshole?
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
What types of conversation sounds can be made to impress a girl on chat?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
What should one do upon spotting a beggar woman with an infant?
What's the point of making art if there is nobody to share it with?
How can I make someone understand that I didn't like or agree with their statement without talking back?
Does my friend still want to be friends?
Can a shy & less talkative boy model?
Why aren't my social skills improving, no matter how hard I try?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
How do you comfort someone who has tragic premonitions? I don't know what to say to them.
Does my friend have a serious argumentative personality?
How do I ask someone to find me a job in the UK?
Why don't I have many lasting friendships?
What do you think of people that call you their friend but they always let you down, leave you alone, and befriend your enemy?
What do you do if people are talking down about you to others and are telling them to treat you accordingly?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
Is it possible to share the same thought with someone else you dont know?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
What do you say to someone who moans constantly about various health issues?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
If someone posted a cry for help, how would you respond?
How can I become better at socializing without feeling shy or nervous?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
What is a good conversation starter that is not too sappy?
Should I talk to my friend about mis-remembering our street fighter matches?
What is the difference between adults making friends and children making friends?
Why do shy people always feel like someone else has to initiate the conversation, and never realize that they can be the person that initiates?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
Is it possible to tell if someone actually doesn't like you although they've been kind to you for so long?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
How would one react if someone at an American legion told someone else that they didn't have any rights and to shut up and to deal with harassment?
Why would a male friend talk nonsense about me to another friend, and then lie about it when I confronted him?
How shall we deal with online socializing?
My history teacher called me quirky. What is the best way to respond?
Should I tell people that I never had a girlfriend?
Does it mean anything if my crush's friends are being extra nice to me?
How do I make friends at 20 in NYC?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How do you tell someone of your opinion without being rude?
What should I do after I messed up our friendship?
How do Irish teenagers socialise?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
Why do I regret being social or talking to people after really enjoying our 'chats'?
I don't know any girls and basically all of my friends are online. How can I make friends / get into relationships in real life?
Why do people talk to strangers and can they trust them? Why can't we talk to them? What's all the answers for talking to a stranger?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
What should I do if a girl is not responsive in a face to face conversation?
How do I keep my friends from finding out I use Quora?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
Can I leave my teenager to stay home and make them dinner before going out to party at night? They're more independent now and they will do their work.
If someone has no friends, might they find it easier to get friends if they emigrate?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
How can I get people to open up to me more and establish more deep and meaningful connections?
What did you do when you realize the conversation was not heading in your favor? How did you save the day?
What topics should I use while talking to my girlfriend​ who is a bit boring​?
I know my roommate talks about me behind my back because she always talks badly about other people to me. Should I confront her?
How should I react when someone insult my religion?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
What does it mean when someone advises you to be a bigger person?
How do you tell a female stranger you just met that she has a single nose hair sticking out of her nostril?
I stopped talking to my best friend because I was jealous. How do I get over this? I'm so lonely.
Is it rude to pick your nose while someone is talking to you?
How can I make conversation with my girlfriend when we are alone?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
How do you react when people cut you in lines?
Where do you go to meet new people when travelling?
How do I become completely comfortable with who I am around people?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
When someone talks to you but is disturbing you, what is the most polite way to get them to stop?
How can I become brave and confident? I am always too shy to make me heard by others or share my ideas.
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
How can I politely tell someone I don't want to be friends with them? I’m afraid if I’m honest with him something bad will happen.
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
What is the non-wordy polite way to say "dead friends" in a scholarly essay?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
How does one avoid socializing in college?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him, but have known him (texting) for over a year.
How can I impress other people?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What should I do when a large group of people are using intimidation tactics to isolate me, yet will not approach to make actual contact?
Why do I fear that I am talking to myself? Is anybody out there? It feels like I am talking to myself.
How do you ask something from a stranger?
What should a woman do with a creepy guy on a flight?
Why don't I like to be praised?
Why can two girls be close friends and not be called lesbians, but if two guys are close friends, they are called gay?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
What is the best way to avoid stress when you talk to crowd?
Is it normal that I feel weird when I talk in English/French?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
How can I have female friends in America?
How can I impress a Nepali girl who I know and have met but now only talk to through Messenger?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How can I stop being a needy person?
Is it true that making friends wastes time?
Why is it so hard to find good friends?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
Why is it hard for people who suffer from autism to maintain eye contact?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What are the first few questions Malaysians ask someone they just met?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
Do you think that chatting is part of talking?
When your closest friend joins the underworld, are you bad for supporting it?
I want to make guy friends. How do I go about this?
How can I discourage an acquaintance who won’t stop texting me?
How do you praise another person's achievement which you find mediocre?
What will you do, if you find out that your best friend is gay (male or female)?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
What should I say when my girlfriend tells me that someone harassed her?
What can I do if my older brother behaves inappropriately with my female friends?
How do I make close friends in highschool?
What is the best way to respond if someone scolds, humiliates, hurts, or insults you?
How do I end my dependency on my friends?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Where's the best place to make new friends outside of school?
How do your friends react when you peer edit their work?
How can I be fun and interesting to hang out with?
How can I stop being nervous in public?
What is it like "not" having a best friend or close friend?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
Someone took something special from me and I tried getting it back, but they avoided my question. How should I confront them and how do I get it back?
How can I get rid of irritating people smartly without hurting their feelings?
Why is society so obsessed with me having a lot of friends?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What are some ways a person can become more social? I'm not shy, just very quiet. I keep to my small circle of friends, but would like to change that.
What is the best answer when a woman asks you or just says she believes she's fat?
How do I tell a girl that the photos on my Badoo profile are not mine, without rejection?
How do I avoid someone who goes to the same school as me and is cyberbullying me?
When is someone considered a friend?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
How do I apologize for something I did a thousand times?
Why do our facial expressions, gestures, posture and the like things not correlate with second learned language?
What should I do about a friend who is so nice, she is annoying?
Why is Smalltalk programming still popular?
Even at the school level I have failed to make good friends. What am I doing wrong?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
How should I go about reconnecting with family and friends, who I've purposely been avoiding?
What will you do if you come to know that your friends are jealous of you but you can't do anything because at that point they are only your groups?
What does it mean when someone doesn’t reply to your text but talks to you in person?
What makes you a bad friend?
Someone close to me asked me to hold onto some money for them. Is this okay? There are more details below.
What would someone sound like if they haven't ever talked?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you tell how long someone has been following someone on Instagram?
What is the best way that anyone has ever responded to the question "how are you"?
What does it mean if you don't matter to her?
How do your friends react to your life story?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
How can I learn skills for telephonic conversations?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
Is someone more charismatic if they show power or warmth? What are the benefits and drawbacks of either (especially with influence and likability)?
How can we impress a stranger at the first conversation?
How do I stop gaming and stop being socially excluded?
I think my friend is fake but we shared so many bonding moments and I don't know how to handle this. What can I do?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How should I react when people ask me about my scar?
I'm not happy when I am with my current friends. How do I make friends who correspond better with my mentality?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
Is it necessary to confront your best friend if you are gay?
Would you rather stay with a friend who doesn't care about you or have no friends instead?
Why do I have problem maintaining friendships for a long time?
Should someone study something that he likes or something that gets him employed with a good salary?
Why am I talking more? Why can't I control it?
How can a shy person overcome his shyness especially against pretty girls?
How do I find a friend of my friend on WhatsApp?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
Why do people ignore me when I am trying to be nice?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
What is an interesting conversation that you had with someone?
How do enemies become friends?
What is the best reply when someone says you are beautiful?
How do I know if somebody is eavesdropping on my conversations?
Do girls like me if I feel shy to talk with them?
A friend keeps spamming me on Skype by posting my username somewhere and random people call me, what is a website I can do the same to him?
How would a conversation between Veronika and Hannah go?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
Why do American southerners like to talk about their faith when introducing themselves to strangers?
Did you pick your friend group strategically or did it just naturally form?
How do I apologize to someone after they found out I was talking behind their back?
How do I convince my boyfriend not to talk with a friend who I don’t like and to who he gives too much attention?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
Why do boys always do anonymous calls and talk rubbish to unknown girls?
How do I deal with a friend who’s a bully?
How can I ask my friends or classmates to help me meet women?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What if your crush is one of your friends, and you want to ask him out, but you don't want to ruin the friendship if he doesn't like you back?
How can you tell when you like someone?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
What's an appropriate response when you introduce yourself to someone and after telling them where you live or where you're from they say "I'm sorry"?
Do girls share their numbers with strangers? If they want to meet new people, will they share about their personal lives?
In an argument, what do you tell someone who replies with "It's my opinion and I'm entitled to it!"?
How do you help out a stranger who you found out cuts?
How can you make situations where someone you don't know is walking towards you from a distance less awkward?
Why do we ignore someone?
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
What are all the things that you should and should not say to a woman and why?
What's the polite thing to say after someone coughs?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
How can you tell if a guy likes you, even though you don't talk?
What is the most telling thing about someone?
How many female friends do you have on your PS4 friends list?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
How should I deal with people, who ignore me whenever I have a better opinion or some logical thing to say? What is the best way to deal with it?
Should you tell the truth to someone you cheated on?
How can I stop being scared to go out and meet people?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
How do I make a friendship with loneliness?
What's the best way to turn a guy down?
How do I ask someone's phone number?
How can I keep from being so intensely aggravated by my coworkers with poor hygiene and no social skills?
Is it harder to do other things when you're talking to someone even when they’re simple?
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
How can I get the 1 lira that my friend owes me?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
What is the need to ask “How are you”? Why do we ask someone if we know that the other person will always say he/she is fine even if he/she is not?
How should I act around misogynistic friends?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Why is the girl who seemed to like me now ignoring me?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
Do introverts apologize?
Is there any way I can completely cut off the negative habits of myself?
Whenever I talk to someone they feel (or seem )unconscious, and that makes me sick. What do I do?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
How do I become authoritative so that no one ignores me when I talk?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Should I get into drama by defending my friend?
Why do someone stop replying after good going conversation?
What are some cute ideas to ask a friend to Homecoming?
What makes a person shy looking and aloof?
A very good friend made me delete our entire chat history and it has left me very, very disillusioned. What should I do?
Has the new technology of social network and privacy issues ruined making more friends because people want virtual contact more?
What should I do when a group of people I’ve known for three to four years as roommates suddenly change and aren’t talking to and helping me?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
How do I prevent others from talking about my private life?
Why does my female friend hug her other male friends more than me?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How do I get people to do what I want?
Is it okay if someone calls you names when they are angry and apologize later?
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
How do I politely decline my oldest sister's wedding invitation?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do guys add you on Messenger but not initiate conversation?
What are some of the best washroom conversations?
How do I approach a stranger girl and talk to her?
Can someone figure out this riddle?
What do you do when someone says "You are too young for me"?
Have you ever lost all of your best friends?
What do I do if my friend constantly yells at me and makes fat jokes about me?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How do I start a conversation with a woman on FB without seeming like a creeper?
How healthy is it to close oneself off from others and go back to your "darker side”?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is it like to have great conversational skills? Is it an advantage?
How do I make my female friend, with whom I have sex, sleeping over at my parents house not awkward?
Should I introduce myself with my full name when talking to people?
Why am I eager for attention yet when I get it I am shy and embarrassed?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What should I do on a Sunday if all of my friends are busy?
Why do people respond with ‘wyd’?
If you meet an old friend after many days, and he/she says "hi" to you, how should you respond?
How do you maintain emotional stability when involved (friendship/romantically) with a borderline?
If someone speaks less in his society, does it mean he is rude?
What are some good exit strategies when stuck in a conversation?
How can you deal with social isolation in high school?
Can you tell if you are related to someone?
How do I make friends at college summer camps and how do I keep them to keep hanging out after camp is over? (I don't have friends at my school)
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
I have no interaction skills. It's hard to make eye contact with people. What is wrong with me?
How do you improve your listening and focus when someone is talking?
Will pushing away my friends and focusing on school help with my studies?
How can I get all my friends back?
What kind of people are best to surround yourself with?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
What is the best reply when someone says I am going to die?
Is there someone you don’t like?
What does it mean if someone says to you - you are the sole interpreter of my profound life?
What kind of education project that does not need to meet a lot of people?
Do you respond to all of the messages you get on Quora?
Should I consider doing modelling even if I am shy?
What can I do on a free Saturday without friends?
How should I respond when my crush commented on my breasts?
What hobbies can I pursue in Bangalore that will guarantee that my social circle expands exponentially?
Once my script is complete, how do I practice speaking if I can't get a room where I can be alone and I am too shy to do so in front of others?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Is your mind going totally blank during a conversation a form of dissociation? As in suddenly having literally nothing to say, or any kind of thought.
Why do people think I fight when I talk to them and criticize my manners and ethics?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
Is it necessary to attend a corporate party, or is it better to enjoy quality time with your good friends?
What is an old friend?
What do you do when you have a friend that does everything for attention?
I cut off shitty friends. How do I make new, good ones that I actually get along with?
What is the proper way to greet in Hindi?
How do I talk to a girl without sounding like a creep?
Why is it so hard to find friends who aren't fake?
Why would a girl be nervous around you but not others?
How can Asian countries get along with each other?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
What can I do if a person doesn't want to speak to me?
How do you strike up and keep up with an interesting conversation with a total stranger on social media?
How do you deal with a rude teacher in middle school?
How do you respond to people who say that you have many close friends?
How often do you stalk your friends?
Why do groups of people/friends tend to misjudge a person’s character and alienate him/her, knowing full well it isn't true at all?
What is the best thing to do when someone humiliates / insults you?
Why do some people give more importance to virtual friends (social media friends) than to real friends?
I have completed my first two years of university. Is it too late to make friends?
How do I introduce my friend to politics?
How do I respond when people comment on my weight?
How can I meet new people and make friends outside of school when all my old friends don't invite me to anything anymore?
Is there a service that matches me up with people that have differing views from me?
You are dining out and in walks a close friend with a woman who is not his wife. Their behavior is intimate. What do you do? Do you tell someone? Who?
Are genius people socially awkward?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
How do you choose between 2 options if either way you hurt your friends?
How can I make my mother understand that I don't care about "what will people think/say" or "log kya kahenge"?
How long should I wait to see if she initiates a conversation through text?
Why is everyone ignoring “neetug17dateextension”?
Can someone create a fake wire transfer receipt? I was asked to assist someone going to rehab, and they showed me payment. Can I verify its legitimacy?
Who is the best divorce photographer in San Francisco?
What is the most humourous way to reply when someone greets me on my birthday?
When a friend gossips about you to your friend, are they talking about themselves?
Does it mean a roommate dislikes me if he immediately says hi and talks to the other roommates and never talks to me?
How do I stop worrying about my past?
How can I learn to loosen up with strangers?
How do you maintain a friendship with someone overseas?
What should I say when someone asks me what anime is?
How often should we text friends?
Why is my best friend ignoring me on purpose, but is extremely active towards other people? I can’t talk to him about it. What should I do?
I keep having a dialogue in my head about a friend saying awesome things about me to other people that would "wow" them. Why am I doing this?
Someone close to me asked me to hold onto some money for them. Is this okay? There are more details below.
Psychologically speaking, why is there always at least one person in every group who acts nice to everyone, while targeting one person from the group?
Is it better to please others by sweet talking or just say no to drama of social talks?
If your friend wants to come to your country, what things would you suggest for him to do and not to do to be polite and respectful?
Can your friendships shape you?
How do you react rationally when everybody is fighting on religion?
Should I apologize after being insulted?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
Why are some people so shy and some are not?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
What does it mean when someone wants down to a penny?
Why are selfies considered bad on dating sites these days?
Is it really important to be chatty and sociable at work? Isn't doing your job well and being helpful to coworkers enough?
Is it strange to not have many friends?
Does extra testosterone and aggression give you social intelligence and more power in social situations?
How do I politely tell someone no?
What is the polite way to make a request for a project?
How do I make deep connection with someone I just met or maybe a stranger?
How do I start talking like a pirate?
Why is it okay to tell quiet people to speak up but rude to ask talkative people to shut up?
My friend makes a lot of jokes about suicide, to the point that I think it depresses me as well as our other friends. How should I handle this?
Is it normal to feel bad when a friend only talks about himself/herself all the time?
How do you confront a two-faced liar who will just deny it?
Why would you start a forced conversation after the spark died?
Are there any online resources to help me get better at talking to and connecting with girls?
If you always initiate contact with a friend, what's the smartest way to handle it?
How can you deal with someone who dictates to you the instructions and does not understand anything about them?
What are the basic rules to know when socializing with people?
Why would my friend tell me one thing and our friend another thing besides a two faced to my face?
How do I get to know a classmate?
How do you show that you know a lot about programming to someone who makes fun of you?
Should we give too much respect to son-in-law?
What are good topics on English literature for presentations?
Why do I hate the idea of meeting new people?
Can a person who is on my contact list tell who I am talking with?
Do narcissists ever make real friends?
When someone is talking behind your back instead of to your face are they lying to others about you?
How can I give my friends dating advice without offending them?
How would you propose to your female best friend without breaking your friendship?
My lifelong childhood friend's anxieties are pretty severe. What can I do to keep it from affecting our friendship?
How do I tell a friend I don't like her anymore?
Why am I talking more? Why can't I control it?
Are there good resources on perfecting the art of conversation, not aimed at shy or clueless people?
Why am I always socially isolated?
How can I, as an ENTP female, make good friends?
How did you silence your critics?
How do I find a friend of my friend on WhatsApp?
What do you do when you see that they are assaulting a stranger on the street?
Why do girls that are not in my league like me?
How can I handel a person who mentally and verbally tormented me earlier and now talks sweetly to me?
Can two best friends make up after they exchange below the belt insults in anger?
Why do people get hurt when friends of the same sex ignore them?
I lost all the people I thought were my friends, now I am lonely. How can I make new friends?
How do I deal with people I work with who are pretending to be my friends but are talking about me behind my back?
What should I do if the conditions are not as good as they were in the past?
How do you get a boyfriend when you don't talk to anyone or how do you tell someone you like them?
How can I block random letters from strangers in lettrs?
What should be my response when people say hi to me?
What is the best reply when someone says you are beautiful?
How do you react when someone makes fun of your illness?
What does it take to be your best friend?
How do I stop talking to a girl who is anxious and preoccupied?
How do I keep up an interesting conversation with a girl over coffee?
My best friend is always the popular one. What do I do?
Can you give me tips to make good conversations with people?
What are some interesting tricks to read a person you just met?
I just migrated and I’m ugly and introverted. How do I make friends and be accepted?
What do you do in your spare time if you are having trouble making friends?
What do I do when my friend keeps lecturing me?
Did you pick your friend group strategically or did it just naturally form?
Can you be my new friend?
Why are Indian teenage girls not allowed to hang out with their friends?
Someone is spreading rumours about me and it is affecting my health and my studies. What should I do?
When you know that your friend is cheating on you and talking about you behind your back, what do you do?
Why do I feel shy when I see girls or other strangers when walking on the street?
Is it awkward to refollow the friends who have been unfollowed me?
How do I make a person to stop talking in a conversation who does not give you a chance to talk as well?
Why is it rude to tell someone they are ignorant and narrowminded if it is true?
I feel shy talking to girls and they think I want to propose them. Why? This is frustrating because I have no such feeling at time of talking.
How can I stop stepping back in social situations and being like an invisible ghost because I am too shy, too quiet, too nervous, and self-conscious?
I get over excited when I talk to new girls. How do I stop this?
How do you avoid negative friends?
If people never proactively talk to me and don't seem interested in doing so, why should I try to talk to people?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
One of my friends just texted me, 'Pls talk to me'; however, I don't want to talk to him for a specific reason (for his own sake). What should I reply to his message without hurting him?
Why don't I have many lasting friendships?
How do I become friends with someone you only have lunch with?
What are random questions to start a conversation?
How do I socialize with new people in Dubai?
Does a legal drug exist that will help me with my social awkwardness and boost confidence?
How can I make good, inclusive friends?
Does everyone has a best friend?
Should real friends have the same interests as you?
Why do people find it difficult to get friends to chat on WhatsApp?
What should one do when someone tells you who they really are and it isn't what you want to hear?
My best friend has developed an attraction to me. What should I do?
How do I make my apathetic friend snap out of it?
How do I deal with quarrels and scolding conversations?
What is some dating advice for men?
Why does your female classmate suddenly start to push your chair from behind?
Is it fine in Tbilisi to talk to girls in the streets?
What does it mean if I want to cut off all contact with my friends and family?
How can I make friends with foreigners in America?
I've started to talk less and surround myself with less people. Is this just a teenage phase?
At 68 years of age, I seem to have no friends and I am having unusual difficulty making new ones. What should I do, or not do, to remedy this?
Is it stupid that I want to leave my friend?
What is the difference between adults making friends and children making friends?
How do I deal with people who have completely different thought processes?
What is friendship like as we get older?
How do you deal with someone who has demonized you?
Why some guys are so shy?
Why do my friends never give me details about when and where they are all hanging out?
I am too shy to exist in social media. How can I improve?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
It's always me who asks my friend to hang out. Is there anything I can do to change that?
How do you convince someone to start hanging out with you?
I have a reputation of being a mean and rude person, but am simply lonely (have zero friends). How do I make friends without appearing mean?
How do I know if my friends are real and they respect me?
What do I do so that my new friends put in the same effort?
What should I do when someone says bad things about me because of my personal life, and I don’t want to live?
What does the guy really mean when he asks what makes you want to talk to him and what made you want to actually continue talking to him?
Why would a male friend talk nonsense about me to another friend, and then lie about it when I confronted him?
How should I react to someone awful from the past returning as if nothing happened, and everyone else is just accepting him back into the group?
What are some great tips and stories to initiate an interesting conversation?
What clothes should I pack for a trip to Tbilisi, Georgia from 25th April to 30th April 2017?
What should I do when I feel like my friends are alienating me?
How can I keep envy out of my friendship?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
How do you explain when things don't go as you assume?
Should I try to build a friendship?
What is the best response to "Why are you quiet?"?
There is a student near me talking loudly all the time. How do I approach this?
How do I avoid people I have classes with?
Is it true that two people with different mindsets make better friends, or is that only in the case of like-minded personalities?
Why would my hubby let his friend’s wife put me down and not defend me?
What level of friendship is self disclosure appropriate?
I have a habit of wanting to do anything with a friend, how do I make myself do things alone?
Why won't people accept me as their friend in university?
Who should I talk to if everyone ignores me when I need them the most?
How can I tell my female friend that she's smart?
What do you do if someone criticises you unnecessarily?
How do you tell someone they are wrong without hurting them?
I have very few friends, does that make me a loser?
Someone I was sitting next to and I burped at the same time. What does this mean?
Why do people always get angry and respond when someone says or comments something about their religion (especially in India)?
Will people laugh at me if I wear earplugs to night clubs or concerts, as I have very sensitive ears?
How do I become authoritative so that no one ignores me when I talk?
If a woman is talking to you and complains that you are not listening - how much onus is on them to be interesting?
How can I suddenly lose interest in my best friend? (We didn't have a fight or argument, but the following week I just didn't want us to be friends anymore)?
How do I prank someone who asks me to get them a Big Mac?
What should I do when the person that nominates me does not even vote for me?
How should a salesperson respond to an elderly customer who says “I don’t need the protection agreement because I don’t plan on living much longer.”?
What does "someone's mess" mean?
Is this shy guy avoiding me?
How do I tell an acquaintance that I know when their birthday is without sounding creepy?
What is the best reply to “You look like a rat”?
How do I have 2 best friends when one will get jealous and no longer be my best friend when I talk to another best friend a lot?
Why does my friend say my best friend is better than me?
How can I make friends with a foreigner? Do you live in Xi'an?
As a minor, will I get in trouble if I hang out with others who are drinking even if I am not drinking?
Should you ignore someone who ignored you?
How do I behave around my male friend who is ignoring me in real life and only likes to chat with me?
What should I do when I go to Toronto to meet my friend?
I stopped talking to my best friend because I was jealous. How do I get over this? I'm so lonely.
What if my friend says my best friend is better than me?
How do I know if my friends envy me low key because I'm getting better at something?
Can I avoid loneliness by hanging out with my married friends? They are the same age as me.
Can you tell if someone is into something alternative?
I've all of the sudden regressed from being talkative. I used to be more outspoken. Is this strange?
How do you respond to people who ask how much you earn?
How can I build relationships without small talk?
What should I do when the entire class ignore me?
What is one friendship you are glad you ended and why?
What can you do if you offended someone and then apologized but they shout at you and make you feel so stupid?
What can be the best reply to someone who asked how I would remember them if one day I had an accident and lost my memory?
What are some fun stuff to do with your best friends at the park?
How do you react when people cut you in lines?
When walking past someone, should you greet them/say hi?
What is the best memory you have of a friend, whom you lost?
I want to be gracious & kind. What is the best way to respond to an insult or backhanded compliment from a friend, family member, or acquaintance?
Where can I find someone to talk to randomly?
Why don't I like it when my friends talk to someone who hurt me (who I'm not friends with anymore and who knows what they did)?
Which friends do you like, before or after they change?
How do I avoid people who disrespect me because I don't talk much and never respond to their bad behaviour?
I’m travelling to California on a B-1 visa for a meeting. When the meeting ends, can I meet my friend who lives in New York before I leave for India?
Would people find it laughable/difficult to talk to me or be friends with me if I lack social skills?
Is it normal to have awkward silences with my boyfriend?
What do I do if I am talking to someone and they keep randomly interrupting me and switching topics?
To know the motive (good/bad) what should be noticed first when we are talking with a stranger?
How do you respond when someone asks how you are and how your kid is?
Does anyone think it’s time for a fresh new way of socializing and meeting new people through an app?
How big does a group of friends get before a popular clique is likely to develop?
Why do people stay in unhealthy friendships?
How do I keep focus on what really matters in life instead of falling back to trivial things too much (e.g. computer game)?
Are you proud of your country or do you wish to be born in another country?
How do I become more energetic on social situations?
What are some of the best social platforms to meet people when moving into a new city? Why?
What's the best dating website for single males seeking females?
What should I do when a large group of people are using intimidation tactics to isolate me, yet will not approach to make actual contact?
What would people over 40 want to tell someone in their 30s?
How do you call someone who is not interested in politics?
The art or ´rules´ of conversation are pretty simple, but they are pretty hard to put into practice, how come some people are so good at conversation?
Do people who are dateable underestimate the level of social skills it takes for others to become dateable?
How do you respond politely to someone when she flatters you?
Can a shy person become a good architect?
Is it mean if you keep blowing someone off who may like you?
What are the ways to convince your best friend who is mad at you for the reason you don't know?
How do I make new friends at 30?
If someone is being fed intravenously, what would you say in place of they're "drinking" the fluid?
How do I make friends with an existing group of friends?
What are some interesting conversation starters with your mom?
I find it difficult to make friends. What should I do?
Would you want to know if your friend or acquaintance died?
How can I ask my classmate to stop talking to me during lessons?
How do you typically react when someone asks you for money on the streets?
Are you scared while you talk about your amazing product idea with someone?
What are cute ways to say yes after being asked to be someone's girlfriend?
How should I deal with family and friends who are holding me back from hustling?
What is the best sarcastic reply if someone says "same to you" after an insult?
What are the types of people that you should always avoid talking to?
How can one mingle easily with his or her friends?
How do I make my friend forgive me and bring things to normal?
What can you do when you cheated on someone and they want you to talk to their mom in order to prove to them that you’ve changed?
How can gay people make friends with straight people?
How do I deal with a person who keeps criticizing me?
What do you do when someone is making you do their work or is using you?
Does a conversation become irrelevant from the moment we are no more talking about the debate but about the words we used to express our thoughts?
Why is it instinctively difficult to approach someone one likes?
Who am I supposed to talk to when I have negative thoughts or am stressed? Should I talk to my boyfriend or someone else?
I cut off shitty friends. How do I make new, good ones that I actually get along with?
How can I reply if someone makes fun of me for being friend-zoned?
Why is alcohol the new best friend of man?
Why do people always make fun of me wherever I go?
Did Rick Doblin make fun of an indigenous woman at the Psychedelic Science Conference for 2017 or did I see that wrong?
I like being alone at home, but I do strongly desire having a girlfriend & more social contacts & be popular. How do I do become good at being social?
If you got into a serious accident and your friends stopped talking to you, how would you feel?
Is it wrong if I don't have friends?
Can a non-talkative person become successful?
What do I say if someone tells me arigato in Japanese and he is a close friend of mine?
Why is it so hard to find friends who aren't fake?
One of my friends claims that I don't like my body structure. How should I reply to her?
How do I ask for relationship closure from someone that I see at work when they continue to ignore any opportunity to talk about what happened?
What are the possible reasons that conversations run dry with friends for periods of time?
Are friends nice?
Why do my friends become selfish when they find a new person to interact with?
I had more friends when I had none. Should I stop socializing?
How can you forgive a person who gossips about you?
Is there any country where it would be normal to go alone to a disco and meet people there?
Should I say anything to my friend about feeling let down by a miscommunication?
How do I ask someone if I can job shadow them?
How do I tell someone that I know he is faking blindness without being mean?
Should we say sorry if it is not our mistake?
Was it the right choice to end the friendship? I’ve just ended a very close friendship with a girl that I’ve known for over a year.
Girl acts nervous around me but nobody else, what for?
How can I dress to impress my best friend who always body shames me and who thinks everyone else is beautiful except me?
Why do people form a circle of friends?
Is it customary to establish a friendship with someone before initiating something romantic?
How should I behave with someone who ignores me in the group?
At which date should it stop being awkward?
How do I stop being uncomfortable with strangers?
I’m 13. I'm going through some tough stuff and need a person who will listen to me. Where can I find someone to talk to?
How can I make friends being a teenager?
How do I make everyone like me at school?
Why does it hurt every time someone close to you starts ignoring you? Why can't we get used to it when it happens repeatedly?
How do you maintain individual distance while doing peer work?
How do you respond to people who are uncomfortable with your success and who try to pull you down?
How do you build a friendship?
When someone says they’re sorry just to ease their own conscience, what should you do?
What does it mean when someone you know notices you from afar but doesn't say hi?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
If you were nice to someone and they started being an asshole to you, what would you need to hear to ever want to talk to that person again?
Is it strange to see someone you don't know and feel from the way they talk and behave that you would be extremely good friends?
What is something that you secretly wish more people would do for you socially and that they wouldn't do out of fear?
Should the younger person always greet the older person first?
What do you call a person who loves making friends?
Is it rude to be shy around people you don't know well when you're a teenager?
How do you avoid patronising someone when teaching them?
What are some useful books / resources for people who find making/maintaining friendships difficult?
Why are all my friends heathens?
Am I overly sensitive or is my friend being disrespectful to me in front of people?
Do you know that moment where someone responds to you by saying "What?" implying they did not hear you but in fact they did? Why is that?
What advice would you give to an introvert who wishes to become more social?
How would a borderline react if I (former love interest) tell them that I never want to talk to them ever again?
How can we be more friendly to one another for real and not in a fake way?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
How can I become friends again with someone I used to be really close with?
When they are having a conversation, do synesthetes "see" the ideas of the conversation and the way that the conversation is heading as colors?
How can I create an impression among my social circle?
What will happen to me if I stop talking to others?
How do I maintain friendships and become a better friend?
Is it possible to go for 24 hours without offending someone?
What should shy people do to talk to the opposite gender? Or how can a shy person start a talk with the opposite gender?
Do you or your friends talk to dead relatives? Is there a recording of the conversation? Do you/they invoke the dead by calling their names loudly?
How do I start a conversation with an acquaintance online?
What do you do when you are working in a different state and you are all alone?
Should I tell someone that my friend mentioned wanting to dissect a human after doing it to his pet rabbit and loving it so much?
How do I make friends and find a significant other while having no social skills and being gay?
Are bisexual female friends more likely to feel super-happy for their male friends if their male friend ends up dating an attractive female?
How do I deal with a friend who is constantly borrowing money, insulting and rude?
My friend and everyone I know is graduating. This makes me feel very horrible. What should I do?
What is the best dating site for lesbians?
What do I do if someone I hate has a nude photo of me?
Is it bad that I pretend I'm talking to someone but I'm actually talking to myself?
What should you say, when someone apologises to you for swearing in your presence?
What causes people to change?
What is an easy way to turn enemies into friends?
What are the important social skills that a guy has to develop to attract women instantly, and how do I develop those skills?
Is it appropriate to let the neighbor wait outside when mom/dad are asleep and they want to talk to them? Or should I let them in and make them wait?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
Can I survive at a university without having any friends?
Why don’t my friends appreciate all the advice I give them?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
Is it that bad if I refuse an offer to hang out because I am not interested?
Is it okay to talk to the parents personally, without involving my fiancee?
How do I stop talking so much when I'm high?
How do I behave with rude people?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
Does the fact that I liked him playing with my hair mean I like my friend?
Why is it that every time I get close to someone I start hating them?
How do I deal with people who always put others down?
Why do people you call friends turn fake on you?
What are the things you shouldn't do while talking?
What should I do if I don't want to hang out with my dad?
What do you say and do when someone says, "Spare change"?
My best friend is not reciprocating the friendship and avoids talking with me. What would have made him turn like this?
What is a good pre-sex conversation?
How do you respond when someone says they like you and you like them back?
How do I search for a long lost friend?
How does it feel to meet your friend after so many years?
How can I get my social life back at 20?
What are the best schools for foreigners to be able to make friends in London?
How should I go about getting to know the other students better after spending most of high school barely speaking to anyone outside of my own clique?
What is the best strategy at meetings? Talking too much can be bothersome but being quiet is seen as not participating.
Why am I not able to make friends? I know I am good at heart. I don't harm others. Still people don't like me much.
Where are some places in Atlanta that are great to meet women and make new friends?
What should you do, when you can't say no?
Should I stop talking to my friends, because I still like romantically one of them and seeing him with the other friend breaks my heart?
Somebody stole my shoes in school. What do I do?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
How remain do I stay composed when someone ignores or humiliates me?
Why is it that some people who have a boring life can talk for hours and other people with an exciting life can barely keep a conversation going?
How do I genuinely want the best for my friends and stop being a negative influence on their lives?
How do you become friends with someone who you use to be close with?
How do I turn conversation into long conversation?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
The more I get to know people, the more socially anxious I am around them. Why is that?
How can I change my circle of friends?
What can I put into my neighbours letterbox to make her stop screaming at her children?
How do you deal with someone who is consistently critical of suggestions when proved they are right?
How can I make more friends in my life?
Is it a wise decision to stop speaking to my friend who is already committed?
How do you make friends without children, work or school?
A male friend of mine keeps cock-blocking me. Should I cut him off?
I am growing distant from my friends. How to stop it?
How do I start a conversation with a guy that I'm attracted to at work?
Why do I have a hard time socializing with people even though I want to?
Should all lonely people meet to become friends with one another?
Is there any app to take trips with strangers?
How can I start a conversation with beautiful girls?
How do you meet guys on the bus?
If there was someone the opposite of you, what would he/she look like?
How do we change a fake friend (who is only concerned about their needs) into a true friend?
If someone makes fun of one of their friends behind their backs, does that mean he/she is insecure?
Which is the best site to talk with strangers?
How do you think a Chinese person makes friends with foreigners?
Up to what extremes can you go to for helping your friend?
Is it bad that I have a good, male friend?
How pathetic is it to be 30 and not have any friends?
Is there any way to know what the wrongs are that I am doing each day without asking anyone?
How can I detect fake friends?
Why do I stop talking to people after sharing something really personal with them?
How do I politely ask a person if they sent you the cheque they said they would?
Is it rude to ask someone why they don't discipline their kids?
How do I reply smartly while talking with someone?
Since my father's demise, none of my friends has kept the same level of friendship as earlier. Why is the world full of so much emotionless people?
What should I say when someone says I could kill him with my stare?
Is it normal to be sad when you see your friends make new friends?
How can I politely let someone know that he/she is irritating me?
Why don’t friends last a lifetime?
How do I learn to let go and move on without talking to someone about my problems?
Should I text someone who never starts the conversation?
How do you ask someone not to sing at all, very politely?
Why is it hard for most people to keep a conversation going?
Is it actually possible to make friends after the age of 25, and how do I do it?
Why do women touch my shoulder when I talk to them?
What's the most effective way to create a connection with high profile people?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
Is it ok if I don't meet my lifelong friends in college?
How do I cheer up a friend who's had a rough meet?
How do I stop being someone's friend without them knowing?
I never know when and what to speak. I say anything in any situation. What should I do?
Why do we lose friends when we get good marks, is it jealousy?
How do you win your wife’s trust back when she comes to know that you were talking to someone behind her back for a month?
I need to apologize, but I don't know how. How should I do it?
What should I do if I lack of tact?
How do I avoid my nervousness while talking to girls?
Is it rude to ask someone what they paid for something unusual, something I wouldn't be able to look up myself?
How do I ignore others’ mistakes when we don't know the way to correct or convince them without hurting them?
What are some tips that can help people overcome social awkwardness?
Why don't I have friends to hang out with?
What makes Sonali an adorable friend of Somal?
How do I make good or right friends?
What do you call someone who makes excuses all the time?
How do I make new friends, and how do I trust them?
Is it rare for people to have zero friends?
What should I do if a new girl comes into my group of friends and I feel replaced?
What is your opinion about a quiet person? (Like they wouldn't strike a conversation if you didn't start it first)
How can you tell if someone is insane or if they are just cruel?
Two girls at my new place of work have professed to liking me. They are good friends. I like one as a friend, and one more than a friend. What do I do?
How do I convince my friend to not give up on school and leave?
How common is it for entrepreneurs to not get along super-well with parents?
What does it mean when someone says"you'll be a cute one in prison"?
How do I become better with meeting new people or getting a girlfriend if I'm socially awkward?
What's the difference between someone who is socially adept versus someone who’s not?
How can you mention the country Niger to a black person without offending them?
Why do I always hurt my closest friends?
How do I isolate and leave everybody alone? I just wanna be in my own world. I don’t care anymore, and it's not like anybody helps me anyway.
How can I ensure that my best friend’s always with me?
How do you get along with a person and make him like you when he is not ready to listen to you and deliberately turns down your ideas?
How do I say no to my best friend after I promised something?
What part time job could improve my social skills?
How do I deal with people who taunt me for no reason?
Is it bad to tell people that your confidence is low?
How can my body language appeal to all cultures?
What do you say to someone or how do you comfort someone who doesn’t think they are good enough or is always put last?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
What should I say when someone asks me why I watch anime?
Why can't I talk to my girl crush smoothly?
What would you do if someone asked you, "So, what's next"?
I don't have friends anymore, so I just code. Is this normal?
What do you think if someone ask you "wanna be friends"?
I'm an introvert girl and don't talk much in office apart from some friends. Would people think I'm abnormal?
What do you say when someone calls you fat, then says sorry?
How common is it for people to have new “best friends forever” approach them after they ask polarizing/irreverent questions at a conference/talk?
What is the best thing to say when someone compliments you?
What should I know about interpersonal interactions to be more confident while talking to unknown people?
Do you develop your own systems for dealing with specific social interactions (what would I do if…) and do you advise others to?
Do guys become close friends with girls they deem unattractive?
How do I respond to someone who tells you to cry more?
What do I do when others do all the talking and direct the conversation back to themselves and never listen to me?
It’s so awkward when I call my friends over to my house, and my parents ask them which caste they belong to. How should I deal with this?
What's the best way to deal with bigoted friends in a small school?
What does talk back to an old friend if you ended on bad terms with them mean?
How do I start a conversation online with a girl I don't really know?
How can I make friends and not be sad?
How do I grow and deal with my friend being friends with someone who I use to like?
What should I say to my friend who lost her school election?
Explain the limits you should not cross in a friendship?
What do I do if someone tells me they have been molested?
What does it mean when a girl (total stranger) whistles at you?
What's the best way for an introvert to approach a girl in public and start a conversation?
Are you the weird one out of your friends?
Should you contact a person if you came to know she had a crush on you?
How do I deal with the fact that someone is ignoring me?
What would you do, if you knew someone was talking behind your back?
A girl I know asked me, "Are you proud of me," because she quit smoking. Why?
How do friends talk to each other and what do they talk about?
What are some sweet things to say to your friends?
What are some flaws you've had to accept in your closest friends?
How do you convince a friend that he means a lot to you in a friendly way?
Should I be friends with someone who insults my boyfriend?
Someone I haven't seen in a while asked me to have a drink and we were never close friends, what could this mean?
How do I make more friends online? I don't have many friends and I suck at talking in chat rooms or finding people who have the same interests as me.
How can we tell someone, "this is how you could/should have done it," without offending them?
How do I become closer to a group of friends?
How do I keep a genuine smile like yours when people are mean to me?
What do you talk to a person you meet for the second time?
How do I approach a pretty girl in a bar?
Why do people these days lack the basic sense of starting a conversation?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
Is it normal for someone to make fake social profiles just to constantly spy on their friends and other people?
How do I avoid talking to a girl?
How do you stop being 'creepy' by others' standards?
What stops people from being straightforward to those they consider friends?
How do I be friends in a group when my fiance has dated one of the members?
How do we fit into a social situation where we know we won't because of no interest in the topic whatsoever, but there's a compulsion to be a part of it?
In a movie, how do you hang someone without hurting them?
What's a polite way to ask someone to get to the point?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
What are some psychology or life hacks for interpersonal interactions? For example, when meeting someone new, should you allow that person to come to you first?
Is it easy for a Pakistani to make friends with locals in London at school?
How can I get better at talking with friends?
He seems interested in me, so should I play hard to get or just be straight forward with him? I just realized I'm interested in him now.
When he asks “what are you doing on weekends”, does it means he's asking me out?
For the past few months, I have been isolating myself from my "friends," and I don't care about my appearance. What has happened to me?
Does anyone usually break awkward silences at parties by suddenly punching the wall repeatedly, yelling obscenities and slurs, and then defecating and throwing feces at the windows?
How do I find my mom's old friend?
What’s the best way to confront someone with an alcohol problem?
What is the smallest technical thing we can use to talk with someone?
How do I politely tell or respond to a (younger) friend to stop saying be careful whenever we depart? It feels too motherly.
What does it mean, behaviorally, when someone asks you to "suck my ****"?
How can you tell if someone is sincere when they do something for you or they have some other motive?
How do you make friends as single mid-30's adult in Manhattan?
What should I do if a girl I love sincerely rejects my proposal and insults me?
What will you do if a drunk girl sleeps with you?
Do you have any current friends that you think you met in a past life?
What are substitutes and compliments?
How do I know if my friends are real or just make-believe in my head?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
How do I become close friends with someone who you used to be friends with already?
What makes Heta Vaishnani likable?
What are some of the best examples of friendship between women?
How do you deal with someone who seems to misinterpret what I say as negative or as argumentative towards him?
What does it mean when someone talks a lot about their work?
How should I help my friend with his GoFundMe?
If someone says that you are in a Mormon cult, how would you best reply?
How do you build momentum in a conversation?
When you meet somebody, what's the first thing you are curious to know about them in conversation?
Can you give me types of your ideal upper classmates?
I hear voices. They make fun of me, and often repeat what I think back to me in a mocking tone. What's wrong with me?
What should I do if someone turns my friend group against me?
How should I react when someone says she deserves better?
Is it possible to get a friendship back after you two were once romantic and it ended badly?
How can I make more small conversations with my colleagues?
Why do girls not respond clearly if they are not interested to talk?
I know this is a stupid question, but how do I start a conversation?
What is a good response to someone who says: "So? What is it like to be ugly?"?
What does it mean when someone calls you a young man?
Can two people become friends even if they don't share similar hobbies or interests? How will their relationship look like?
Can you make real friends on Quora?
Is there any medical term for a person who keeps on talking about some topic until he is satisfied?
What does it mean when someone calls you animalistic?
Why does nobody reply to me when I greet to them in a friendly way on Quora?
Why are there days when nobody on the internet, not even my friends, responds to me?
How do I stop talking to people altogether, even my friends?
How do you respond to people who use other people to talk to you?
How do I not be shy around girls?
Do you find it rude when a person enters a room without knocking first?
What is the difference between minisymposium talk and contributed talk?
What does it mean when someone says they "Don't trust your judgement"?
What's the best response on the road when someone flips you off?
Do you have any friends that are from another country?
When you meet someone for the first time, what do you want them to know about you, but generally don't tell them?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
How can you tell if someone is actually in the US armed forces when they tell you that it’s top secret?
What does it mean to have friends in low places?
How do I become fun?
Did you recently have an interesting conversation?
Why does this girl say hi but doesn't reply afterwards?
Why might it be better for someone with BPD to not talk about their condition with others?
How do I improve my social skills without compensating myself?
Would randomly complimenting this shy (around me) girl with 'beautiful' be weird/creepy since we're just classmates who've talked only a few times?
How can I explain something to someone clearly and without getting emotional?
What is the best way to talk to her?
What does spamming someone mean?
How can I get along with somebody who is envious toward me?
What are some good conversation starters for potential girlfriends?
If you were to talk about anything in a short time, what would it be?
How do you message a girl on social media that you have seen but have never talked to?
If your dearest friend repeatedly insults you (in front of others) and insists it’s not a big enough deal to be discussed afterwards, what does it mean?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
Is it okay to have less female friends?
How does it feel when your then best friend is now a stranger?
What are some ways to help an abuse victim feel like they have a right to have personal boundaries?
How can I maintain a friendship online?
How hard is it to get a real and true friend?
How can I get rid of this guy? I went to another church, even hid in the ladies’ room to avoid him. He waits outside and peeps, creepy.
As a new home owner, how did you introduce yourself to your neighbors when your neighbors are substantially different from you?
Would someone easily say: 'ermewerm…well… I KNOW' about the dipole repeller?
Is there anyone I can talk to on prosthetics?
Why can't I develop stable feelings for anyone anymore?
What should I text my friend after a year?
What should I think about my friends?
What is the appropriate response to someone who is stressing over relationship problems?
What should I do if people around me fail to understand when I try to say something funny?
How do I deal with an extremely selfish and proud roommate?
What is to be done when you know your friend (whom you don't want to lose) talks about you behind your back and is faking your friendship?
Which is the best place in Munich to meet gay people for making a friendship and good relations?
Why does my female friend hold my hand in public?
Why don’t hackers want to talk? They just want a job.
How can I get a good friend in life?
What are some tips to make a first good impression as a new teacher on my students and make them want to become friends with me?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
Is it healthy to only have friends who are in the same industry as you are?
Why do I get mad at my female friend quite often?
What are the alternatives to rebuild the trust lost in friendship?
What is it like to live alone in college instead of with a roommate or friend?
How do you make friends if you're 65 years old, you're sick but not terminal, and you never go anywhere but you would like to? How do you get started?
What do you think of a married woman has many male friends instead of female friends?
Should I care about the people to whom I used to talk a lot, but who no longer seem to want to talk to me?
What should I do when my best friend is busy making foreign friends?
Isn’t listening to other people’s phone conversations a grave crime?
What is the best response to "Fuck off"?
Have you ever lost a friend?
How do you keep consistent conversations with women?
How do I maintain a stable social relationship?
My guy friend always pressures me to be more social or smile more, is this too controlling or does he just really care for my social well being?
Is it impolite to talk about your personal health and fitness with a friend who is out of shape?
When you mentally hurt someone, what is the best thing to say as an apology?
Do you respond when someone says thank you?
How can I nicely get rid of my friends?
Is it fine to start a stupid conversation to break the silence or better to keep silent?
How can I make a foreigner friend in Bangalore?
How do I deal with witty people?
How would you respond to someone that said happiness is "complacency"?
What is the best way to avoid a friend when they use your stuff and money alot?
How do I open up to friends?
How do I convince a stranger girl for a friendship?
How can we talk to someone and make him/her happy if you see that person crying alone?
How do I deal with friends and other unknown people when they pop up to my place for a photoshoot because they know I have a DSLR?
How do you tell a person that he/she smells?
After a gaffe in public, what is the best way to react?
What do you do when someone you really care about tells you never to speak to them again?
Should I avoid my friend whom I am starting to have feeling for, as I am gay?
Why do people say that they know you? What are their criteria for knowing someone? How do you know someone?
He joked about having sex with baby mama. What would you do?
How can I be good friends with a male?
What should you do if you don't have any close friends in your life?
How can I become friend of someone who hates me for no reason?
I invited three friends to my birthday, and only one came. Did I do something wrong or are they fake friends?
Do narcissists fish for compliments?
How can I get my roomates to shut up?
How do I respond to someone who says “I don't want to use Tor because I have nothing to hide”?
How do I stop talking like a sissy?
What does it mean when someone says you are a soft person?
Why should I pretend to be interested in a conversation that doesn't interest me?
How can I initiate a conversation with my crush if she's constantly surrounded by her friends?
Why can't I stop talking about what happened to me?
Should you hang out with some people if you can tell they are only inviting you out of pity?
What does "how much money can you give in exchange for this kind of friendship?" mean?
Why I am unsocial?
Do you really need to have close friends at school?
How do I help a person in a cult?
What do you think when someone asks, “are you happy?”
How do I make close friends with a foreigner & how do I keep in touch if we live in different countries?
If GONK droids could talk, what would they say?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
Is there anything wrong with going along to get along?
How do you respond to someone who says Trump is firm?
How do you respond to someone who keeps calling you gay?
When I see women my age (20) in public and smile or say hi, as we pass each other they never say hi back or rarely even look up. Why is this?
How can you tell if somebody has low confidence if you see them in public even if you don't know them personally?
What is friendship?
How should I react to a person I used to call 'uncle' who passed subtle sexual remarks at me a few days back?
How should I respond when someone asks me, “Why do you look so worried; what’s going on?”
How can you keep a consistent conversation with a woman?
Why do you keep injured people talking?
Should I confront my husband about his trash talking about me on WhatsApp?
Should I be friendly with everyone in a new class or so?
How can I deal with people who lack of tact?
I am very poor at talking. How can I improve it?
How do you make friends at Harvard Visitas?
A narcissistic person harassed me and now is cutting me out of his life. He holds a high position in a school (not mine). Should I talk to someone?
How would you describe your friend group?
How do I stop someone from bossing me around?
How can I find out whether my friends are true or fake?
Can someone who is awkward and shy as a teen become socially active and confident as an adult?
Is it better to teach a small group and go deep in a topic or a large group and go less deeper?
Why would someone befriend someone who speaks spitefully about someone the listener is close to?
Why would telling the truth make someone healthier?
Should we actively make friends with people in other countries? What are the benefits?
How do you deal with inconsistent friends?
Should I have female friends if I am in a relationship?
Why do friends hang out with friends of the same height?
What should I do to not get diverted from many things?
How do we determine what's socially acceptable to make fun of?
If you were meeting life as a person, what would be your conversation with it?
Why are westerners keep asking "How are you", how should I respond?
What should I do with the friends that let me down again and again?
Why do men cover their crotches with both hands while talking to women?
Hey, do you tell your best friend absolutely everything?
How do I become outgoing and not afraid of meeting new people?
Why are Indian girls scared of talking with strangers?
What are some ideas of funny topics to talk about with friends?
What do I say if someone responds with I appreciate your compliment?
How long should I wait to talk to someone after asking for an apology from them?
How can we create chances for our kids to socialize with other people positively?
How should I respond when a black person tells me to "check my privilege"?
Can you be arrested only because someone called saying they saw a passenger in a car hitting the driver?
How do I find my lost jewelry?
Why is there a stereotype that the British don't talk to strangers?
How can I deal with one guy who is jealous of me everytime and try to interrupt and put me down by keeping track of what I am doing?
What does it mean when someone sees you and says that you are “fine as wine”?
How would you handle the situation if your friend cheated on another friend of you for another person whom your were close to?
What should I do when I think I'm starting to like my best friend in more than just a friendly way? Also, what if it ruins the friendship we have?
Why do I feel embarrassed to ask for my parents if I can hang out with my friends?
Do Virgos get along with Leos?
How do I handle an annoying Dutch guest? All she wants to do is shop but not spend a single penny. I already lost enough money on her shopping.
How do I carry on an interesting conversation with a stranger?
What do you do when you realise your "true" friends aren't really true friends?
How can you tell whether you have a really good friendship with someone and whether they like you or not?
How do I reply if someone says “Cheer you up or gear you up”?
If a random person just walked to you and said "Hi! I am so lonely, and don't have any friends, can you be my friend?" How will be your reaction be?
How do I make friends with ants?
Why do I make wrong choices that end up hurting me or others around me?
How do people talk for hours?
There is a very beautiful girl in our class and I am a very shy person. How could I start a conversation with her?
What's the best way to leave an annoying conversation?
Why does it seem as if my friend is ignoring me but she really talks to me at some point?
How can I have a good conversation with someone I don't know well/ just met without reducing to small talk?
Why does a professor cup his genitals while talking to me?
Do you really need close friends at school?
How many friends can you really trust in times of need?
Should my boyfriend stop seeing his dance partner (just hobby dancing), since we choose to stay together? She’s hitting on him a lot and I hate her.
Should I tell my friends that I’m bi?
What are the signs of a toxic friendship?
How can I find where a person is that is talking with me on Hangout?
How can I make friends and not be lonely?
How will a narcissist react if I tell them that I (a former love interest) never want to talk to them ever again?
How do people make up their minds before even starting a conversation with someone else?
How do I start a conversation with my counselor/psychologist?
How can I stop interacting with people at university?
Why do so many people lack of tact?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm used to get used by other's?
Can a woman experience orgasm during an online chat?
Does appearance matter in a friendship?
Why do people pay less attention to me when I start talking?
What is LGBTQIA like in the UK, both socially and legally?
How can I stop being a friendly person when it's generally my nature to be pleasant to people?
How do you react politely and refrain from someone who is clearly trying to get advantage of you?
Are all friends that we have good and helpful?
Why would a quiet person just start talking nonstop?
Have you worked for someone that only speaks when they want you to do something for them?
People keep telling me I need to eat more, but when they do, I start to panic. Am I becoming anorexic?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
How can Poland and Hungary keep their friendship so long like that?
How does it feel when you are talking in a serious manner and other person cracks a creepy joke?
How do you talk with a woman you like, but shares no common interests with you?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
Is it acceptable to tell someone if you don't like a gift?
How can I initiate a conversation with my crush if she's constantly surrounded by her friends?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
How can I politely let someone know that he/she is irritating me?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
How do I learn to let go and move on without talking to someone about my problems?
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
How can I get along with my boyfriend’s sister?
What was the longest time you were silent and not talking with anyone?
How do you deal with a friend who has accused you of something you didn't do?
Can someone create a fake wire transfer receipt? I was asked to assist someone going to rehab, and they showed me payment. Can I verify its legitimacy?
How do you politely ask someone who's blocking your way to move, in English?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What does it mean to 'look out for someone'?
How do I respond to someone who dismissed me?
How do I make new friends?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
How can we make up for, or even overcome, a lack of social skills with regards to first dates?
I need to apologize, but I don't know how. How should I do it?
How do you maintain individual distance while doing peer work?
Why is it very difficult to find a good wowan?
What are some of the best replies to 'Why should I choose…'?
How do I join an existing group of friends?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
If someone calls us repeatedly, what should we do?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
If someone asks if you are intelligent, what's the best way to answer without sounding conceited?
I hear voices. They make fun of me, and often repeat what I think back to me in a mocking tone. What's wrong with me?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
What do I do/say to someone when they've been picking on me? Someone in my class has been calling me names and invading my personal space, and I've just been ignoring it, but now it's starting to annoy me.
How can I make more small conversations with my colleagues?
How do you get to know someone deeper?
How do I start talking like a pirate?
I would like to make a game. Can I get people to join me?
How can I stop talking too much? I want to speak less. How can I?
Is not making eye contact a good way to show that I don't want to talk?
Someone broke my property. Should I make them get me a new one?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
If you always initiate contact with a friend, what's the smartest way to handle it?
How can I invite friends and start chatting in Discord?
Why is my husband fine if people talk about me behind my back but he won’t let me complain about others and is always defending them?
Is it better to ignore people on the internet or respond with "I'm not interested"?
How would a borderline react if I (former love interest) tell them that I never want to talk to them ever again?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
What is the best way to initiate a conversation through dating apps?
How can I give my friends dating advice without offending them?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
What do you call a person that only comes to you when no other friends/options are available?
Is being isolated better than being with fake friends?
How do I pretend to be friend with someone?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
What do you do when you see that they are assaulting a stranger on the street?
How can we more easily get along with others?
How can I stop being shy and nervous, while playing guitar in front of everyone?
What do I say after small talk?
What should I do if the conditions are not as good as they were in the past?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can I become friends again with someone I used to be really close with?
What do you do when you hear a former friend is running around ripping folks off and nobody (especially 12 steppers) wants to do anything to confront them?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
Does it mean anything if a guy chooses to sit next to you on multiple occasions?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
Is it okay to be not interested in what your friends are interested in?
How does it feel when your best friend doesn't care about you?
How do you explain someone who replies on group conversation and not conversation with you?
Do you or your friends talk to dead relatives? Is there a recording of the conversation? Do you/they invoke the dead by calling their names loudly?
How can a calm person enter Roadies? Can you also explain the possible conversation between them?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
If someone is teasing you very badly, what should be your reaction?
Would you let a friend make a mistake or would you say or do something that may destroy your friendship? Why?
My friend's parents always scold him, call him unlucky and never talk to him. He is in depression. How can I help him?
What makes someone a real friend?
Is leaving your friends and settling into a new city worthwhile?
How can I speak confidently among friends and strangers?
What should I do when I just meet people then blow it with them because I was depressed at the time and now I want to heal that friendship but they don’t?
Do we really need to have a social life in order to have friends?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
What I can do when I always can't hear people well in a meeting/conversation?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
How do I become fun?
How common is it for people to have new “best friends forever” approach them after they ask polarizing/irreverent questions at a conference/talk?
Is it better to teach a small group and go deep in a topic or a large group and go less deeper?
How can I make good, inclusive friends?
What should I know about interpersonal interactions to be more confident while talking to unknown people?
What should you say, when someone apologises to you for swearing in your presence?
Should real friends have the same interests as you?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Is it fine in Tbilisi to talk to girls in the streets?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
Why do I find it so annoying/awkward to hang out with someone who has admitted they like me but I don't like them back?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
How can you talk to someone who has autism?
What can I do about my friend/classmate who can only talk about memes beside me?
Three of my friends got really close recently and now leave me out of everything. What do I do?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
There is a student near me talking loudly all the time. How do I approach this?
What does it mean on Snapchat when you go to add a friend in contacts, but it says could not find, but say hi?
When someone calls you "a son of a bitch," does he/she mean your mother is a slut, or is he/she just insulting you?
Why won't people accept me as their friend in university?
Would it be right to ignore your principles if you're indebted to another person?
How long should I wait to talk to someone after asking for an apology from them?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
If someone says “Thatta girl.” to you, what are they really saying?
What is a time when you stood up to a bully and it didn't change a thing?
How can you tell if someone thinks you're smart?
How do you tell your boss off in the nicest way possible?
I am noticing I attract friends with attachment issues, especially borderlines. What might this say about me?
What should I think about my friends?
What is the ethical way to behave when someone in public snatches your phone?
What should I do if people around me fail to understand when I try to say something funny?
How and what should I do to start conversations, as people call me an introvert?
What does that mean when someone says "Aao kabhi haweli pe"?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
Which is the best place in Munich to meet gay people for making a friendship and good relations?
What are some interesting cockpit conversations?
How can I stop being scared of every situation(s) that I'll be going to be in?
What should I do if my long-time friend seems to dominate conversations?
How should one deal with the situation or react, when people don't talk to you or ignore just because you earn less?
How do I politely tell someone not to visit my home often?
What if my friend says my best friend is better than me?
Is it rude to ask someone what their religion is about?
How can I hold a casual conversation with an acquaintance without becoming stressed?
What do you say and do when someone says, "Spare change"?
What do you do when you realise your "true" friends aren't really true friends?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
I have been talking to a girl every day in the past 6 months, but she never initiates a chat? What does this mean?
Should I become more sociable as a teen and how do I become more sociable?
How would an emotionally healthy person respond to a compliment?
I have a history of poor social skills. I have been friends with many of same people since I was 6. Do they notice a difference in me at age 22?
Would you consider it insulting if a friend asks you if you "have permission" from your spouse to go out with your friends?
I'm currently in the middle of becoming a Hindu, which my friends think is a bit weird, how do I ignore their comments?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
How do I deal with this extreme situation?
We wouldn't able to talk anymore for a year, what should I do?
What should you say back to someone when they say sweet dreams?
How can I firmly decline my former boss' invitation to a thank-you lunch and convey that I want a "polite hello" relationship?
How can a man start a conversation with anyone without having an awkward moment?
How would you end Friends?
How do I talk to a guy I like at work?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
I always try to be friendly and to make small talk, but people never warm up to me. I feel unhappy lonely and disconnected. What should I do?
What is the best response to "Fuck off"?
What words or social questions should I pay attention to most when a person talks, to understand them efficiently?
How do I stop someone from mirroring me?
Someone is cyberbullying me and it has gone viral. Everybody knows it but there is no direct mentioning me. What can I do?
How do I become closer to a group of friends?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
What should you do, when you can't say no?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
Somebody stole my shoes in school. What do I do?
Is it mean if you keep blowing someone off who may like you?
How do you know if someone you are talking to in a bar is hitting on you?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
How do I meet new people in Seattle?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
How do I genuinely want the best for my friends and stop being a negative influence on their lives?
Why do I feel awkward while talking?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
Can you talk about a situation when you forgot about an important meeting?
What does it mean when someone closes his/her eyes when saying welcome as a reply to my thank you?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
What's the best reply to “JazakAllah khairan”?
How does one face awkward situations?
What could be the reasons of having less friends?
How should I deal with family and friends who are holding me back from hustling?
I'm over 30, a realist, and I have no friends. Is this bad?
Can you tell if someone is happy by looking into their eyes no matter what age they are?
What will help me just chill out a little?
How do I deal with friends and other unknown people when they pop up to my place for a photoshoot because they know I have a DSLR?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
What do I say to my friend who is constantly complaining about her health?
How do I find Damo Suzuki so he can give a friend of a friend an anti-drug motivational speech?
How do I ignore people that give me negative vibes?
What does it mean when someone calls you a superstar?
How has ASD affected your social life?
How do you meet guys on the bus?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do you know that a person is being fake in front of you?
Are friends nice?
Why do my friends become selfish when they find a new person to interact with?
Do you find it difficult to have a conversation in Starbucks?
Is there any country where it would be normal to go alone to a disco and meet people there?
Why would a quiet person just start talking nonstop?
What is the meaning if female friend give you dolls?
How do I start talking with her?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
How should I deal with a toxic friend who keeps telling me not to end our friendship because she has no other friends?
What are some of the best words that can be added into daily talks/chats to make conversations more effective?
Can you love and hate a person at the same time?
What have your bullies taught you?
How would you handle an inappropriate touch from someone in authority that you look up to?
What are some topics that a very smart girl might want to talk to you about?
Can you compliment someone's looks without sounding as if you're hitting on them? If so, how?
Do true friends really exist?
If a female isn't into me, I usually come out as creepy or homosexual; is it always okay to initiate a conversation, even if I come out as creepy?
How can I became close to my former classmates? They knew me as a special child and immature person.
Are genius people socially awkward?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
What's​ the best way to tell an individual who's very close to you that he/she has a bad breath without making the person feel embarrassed?
Should I text someone who never starts the conversation?
What would be the best thing I could do so that I would be genuinely interested in a conversation?
How do you ask someone not to sing at all, very politely?
How do you avoid awkward silence, and keep a conversation going without it being boring?
How can I get to know the real me? People act differently around each other and I think I do that too, and now I think I forgot who I really am.
What does it mean if someone watches me everyday, at all hours, and yet they don’t talk to me?
As a gay male, how can I tell if my straight best friend is interested in more than friendship?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
What do I do if people make fun of me because I'm losing my hair? I'm 23.
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
Why do someone says they care but ignore your texts for hours?
How should I talk fluently and without hesitation when I'm on a stage?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who is overly involved in my life and my private issues, and who is overly possessive and wants me to stop talking to all my guy friends?
What should I do if a friend doesn't really care?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
How do I make everyone like me at school?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
How do I ignore others’ mistakes when we don't know the way to correct or convince them without hurting them?
Did you ever want to say more than thank you to someone but you couldn't?
What does it mean if I draw diagonal lines while talking with someone on the phone?
Are sales (in a luxury market) something you can learn to excel at or do you have to naturally be good at it (I'm a shy introvert)?
Is it weird to walk up to a girl and start talking?
What would the world be like if we we're taught to talk to strangers as children?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
How can a person go from his dear and near ones forever without hurting them?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
Can you give me types of your ideal upper classmates?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
Why do girls not respond clearly if they are not interested to talk?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
Why are all my friends heathens?
How do I ignore someone who demotivates me?
I used to talk alot before but not anymore. What happened to me?
I don't have a radar for who I like/dislike. I like everyone and make friends with whoever wants to be friends with me. What's wrong with me?
How can I best support my friends who are inmates, without being manipulated?
How do I talk efficiently when meeting with someone?
Can a person who is on my contact list tell who I am talking with?
My friends never contact me first unless they want to gather information from me. How should I react?
What do you do if your group of friends mistake you to be rude when instead you are an introvert?
How do I make friends with American girls?
How should I respond when someone asks me, “Why do you look so worried; what’s going on?”
I am very shy and I have zero confidence when it comes to meeting new people especially girls. What can I do?
How do I overcome the embarrassment and humiliation of opening up to someone who then rejected me? I'm generally not an open person.
How do I keep up an interesting conversation with a girl over coffee?
Who is your best buddy?
How do you react when people open up to you?
How can you tell if someone really likes you?
How do you get someone to talk to you after a month of ignoring you over something you think is silly but may not be to them?
Would you confess your feelings to someone even if you know you both don't have a future together?
A narcissistic person harassed me and now is cutting me out of his life. He holds a high position in a school (not mine). Should I talk to someone?
Why do I feel shy when I see girls or other strangers when walking on the street?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What does it tell you when someone shares too much?
How do I impress my Facebook female friends?
How do I make a person to stop talking in a conversation who does not give you a chance to talk as well?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Can you handle not talking with your coworker because of a misunderstanding? She's not talking to me anymore.
Is graduate school a good place to make friends?
My work is having a potluck and we all have to bring something. I am extremely broke and can't provide. How do I tell them that?
How can elderly people make new friends when they are not in the bingo or church sets?
How do I give a befitting reply to someone who repeatedly belittles me in front of everyone?
How do you give someone your number?
How can you tell if someone is actually in the US armed forces when they tell you that it’s top secret?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
What do Engelbert Humperdinck’s friends/family call him?
How can I come across single guys in Bhubaneswar?
Should I have female friends if I am in a relationship?
I've often been the person to reach out and invite, but I’m ready to give up doing so. I'm willing to make time for others. Why does no one reach out to me?
What will you do when your friend ignores you?
What is an easy way to turn enemies into friends?
Why do friends hang out with friends of the same height?
What does it mean if I want to cut off all contact with my friends and family?
How do I respond to someone who tells you to cry more?
Have you ever abused your best friend for leaving without any reason?
What's better, hurting someone directly by telling the whole truth or waiting to let them figure it out themselves and leave?
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
If a guy gave you his number, how long is it usually before you respond?
How can you tell if someone is lying, while having a conversation with them?
What does it mean when someone cheap calls you cheap?
Why some guys are so shy?
If someone says, 'You have a way with words,' is it always meant as a compliment?
When someone asks "what's with the shoes" or "what's with the xyz" what do you usually take that as?
How can we figure out what is going in someone's brain about you?
How do you message a girl on social media that you have seen but have never talked to?
Is it odd to tell someone they would have been a good father?
How do I become outgoing and not afraid of meeting new people?
How do you explain when things don't go as you assume?
What do I say to someone I haven't seen in over a year?
How do I stop talking so much when I'm high?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
If someone told me “I was tired yesterday,” what should I say - “I am sorry to hear that”?
How do I behave with rude people?
Can you find out how often my friend is talking and messaging to a certain person on his iPhone without him knowing?
What are the best ways to improve fluency in conversational German?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
Who should I talk to if everyone ignores me when I need them the most?
How can I make friends from MIT, Stanford, Michigan who are studying nuclear engineering?
How can I carry on a successful conversation with little to no questions? I also annoy people unintentionally by telling them facts.
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
I'm so lonely. My friends are moving and I have no one. What should I do?
How do I deal with a situation where a senior person blames me for every mess in the office?
How do I meet a female stranger at the movie theatre?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
What does it mean when a girl (total stranger) whistles at you?
Is there anyone I can talk to on prosthetics?
How can I deal with loneliness in college?
How should I respond when a black person tells me to "check my privilege"?
Why does everyone think I'm a good person to talk to?
How do I deal with the fact that someone is ignoring me?
Is it bad not to have close friends at the age of 25?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How do I deal with ghetto people?
My best friend is not reciprocating the friendship and avoids talking with me. What would have made him turn like this?
Is it healthy to only have friends who are in the same industry as you are?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
How do I shut up and take it and still be cool?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
What can you do if you offended someone and then apologized but they shout at you and make you feel so stupid?
Who do I always avoid direct eye contact with everybody?
How do I make my conversational language perfect and interesting?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
What's a nice thing to say to someone who keeps dropping the ball and the conversation when I need something done, that will still get my point across (texting)?
I’m in love with my best friend but don't want to ruin our friendship. I need help (bisexuality). What do I do?
I have moved 2-3 times in my high school career. How do I make friends?
How can I change my belief that if I approach women or try to seduce them, they will roast me, scorn me, belittle me, mock me and make fun of me?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
How does one deal with ghosting by an old friend?
Being a youngster (19 years) with no job yet, how can I help poor/street children get educated?
I don't want to talk to anyone anymore. What are the possible psychological reasons for this?
How can I know I am not misjudging my friends?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
When a woman tells you her name and laughs and smiles at things you say, are they interested in you or just being very friendly?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
Have you as a couple decided to stop talking for some months so that one of you could qualify the exam you’re aiming for?
What is the best strategy at meetings? Talking too much can be bothersome but being quiet is seen as not participating.
What is the difference between venting about someone and badmouthing them?
How does someone become socially adept?
How do I become more energetic on social situations?
How do I deal with a person who affects us everytime we talk, by praising oneself and letting you down? Also, we have a common group.
How do you politely tell someone that you don't want to be friends with them anymore without sounding rude?
Do people form friendships on the basis of looks in college?
Did Athena Walker have trouble finding friends when she was younger? Was there a time where she had no friends?
What is the meaning when someone says"don't count chickens before they hatch"?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
How do I diplomatically advise my friend to change her double-faced nature?
Someone pointed out my mistake in front of everyone and took credit for my old work by writing "see my code, this is right". Should I confront him?
What are some ways to deal with an unpredictable friend?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
How do I deal with witty people?
How do I handle if someone makes fun of my confidence?
Is evangelising to your friends "out of nowhere" a good idea?
Whenever I talk for more than 3 minutes, my throat begins to dry and it becomes harder to continue speaking afterwards. Is this normal?
How do I give up on the idea to save everyone?
What should I do if I know all my friends are fake?
I recently had an argument with a friend and my rising adrenaline prevented me from making valid points. My mind was blank. How do I prevent this?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
How can I start a good conversation without having an awkwardness?
It becomes a problem sometimes to talk to an official in banks or at other counters. How do you initiate talks with them for a positive response?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
After ignoring me for a long time, my friend just told me that he doesn't feel like talking to me anymore and also that I'm a sober person. Should I break my friendship with him?
Is it necessary to maintain friends?
How can I start from 0 friends after all of my friends betrayed me? Is there anyone who can help me by listening to my story?
How do I make myself more likeable to people around me?
What are some psychology or life hacks for interpersonal interactions? For example, when meeting someone new, should you allow that person to come to you first?
He seems interested in me, so should I play hard to get or just be straight forward with him? I just realized I'm interested in him now.
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How can I reply if someone makes fun of me for being friend-zoned?
How do I respond to "wait, is that you?" in a photo that looks like you, but isn’t?
When he asks “what are you doing on weekends”, does it means he's asking me out?
Can my talking skills decrease because nowadays I don't talk too much?
Up to what extremes can you go to for helping your friend?
One of my friends has tried LSD, should I be worried? How can I convince him to stop?
What is the optimal way to meet new people on a daily basis?
What is Altucher saying?
Do you ask permission from your spouse for everything that you do? What do you do that doesn't require permission?
I had more friends when I had none. Should I stop socializing?
How can I hold my nerves when someone teases me?
Should we say sorry if it is not our mistake?
How do you talk to someone who only wants to talk about themselves?
How do I tell a guy that I want to stay in touch?
How can I avoid spitting while talking?
How do I respond to someone who says “I don't want to use Tor because I have nothing to hide”?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
If a friend hurts you romantically, should it define the future of your friendship?
What should I say to console a friend who has been going through rough times since 2014?
Is it customary to establish a friendship with someone before initiating something romantic?
How do I admit to my orchestra teacher that I quit his class just to spite him?
What should I say when someone says I could kill him with my stare?
What topic should I talk with the CEO?
When should I ask a woman, "Is your goal friendship or romance?"
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
Why can't I stop talking about what happened to me?
How do I get past small talk?
Why I am unsocial?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
Why would my friend tell people I'm scary?
How important is it to you if someone disagrees with you on the internet?
What would be the appropriate thing to say if someone that you respect disrespected you?
What's trashy if you are trashy but classy if you are classy?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
What is the need to form bonds with new people and interact with them in this present crap world?
Is it ok if I don't meet my lifelong friends in college?
Should/how do I talk to a girl in front of her parents?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
How do you get along with Spanish people?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
Why do people say talking with a spirit guide is easy? I’ve tried super hard and I can't.
I never know when and what to speak. I say anything in any situation. What should I do?
How do I stop being someone's friend without them knowing?
How can you politely find out the name of the person you are talking to who assumes you should remember them?
What should I do with the son of the boss who is a colleague?
What was your ideological difference with Larry Sanger? Are you still friends with him?
How can I start a conversation with a stranger on Quora?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What is the best way to start a conversation​?
Why are some people trying to buy friends?
Is it weird to prefer hanging out with guys?
How do I make my friend snap out of her apathy?
When will there be a Friends sequel?
Is asking many questions childish?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
What does it mean when someone mocks you?
How I deal with manupulative people at work?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
How do I get rid of someone?
Is it rare for people to have zero friends?
What should I do if a new girl comes into my group of friends and I feel replaced?
Do guys ever legitimately ask a woman to be friends?
Why is it okay to tell quiet people to speak up but rude to ask talkative people to shut up?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
What does it mean when someone calls you a lovely thing?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
How do I help someone without looking like a jerk?
Why would my friend tell me one thing and our friend another thing besides a two faced to my face?
How do I stop talking to unfriendly classmates?
When I see women my age (20) in public and smile or say hi, as we pass each other they never say hi back or rarely even look up. Why is this?
My friend buys lotto tickets when the jackpot hits $300 million or more. How can I convince my friend to stop gambling since it's dangerous and wrong?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
How can I healthily disclose?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Do you make friends with other men based on their looks or personality?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
I am 27. I am losing my jobs. What do I need to do to be more assertive, fix my life, be normal/right, and be brave in any life situations?
How can I tell someone who likes me that I don't want to talk to them anymore?
I have some friends who never invite me anymore. They are always telling me how busy they are, should I cut them off from my life?
How do you get along with a person and make him like you when he is not ready to listen to you and deliberately turns down your ideas?
How can you deal with a group of hostile people?
How does one make friends after college?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
How do you respond to people who use other people to talk to you?
How do I become more friendly and social​?
How can I say no to my teacher without upsetting him?
How do I deal with people who taunt me for no reason?
How do you reject someone's request when you really don't want to do what they request (actually they can do it themselves)?
What are some unique compliments?
An old friend who used to be abusive to me, now wants to reconnect, should I resolve or sever all contact?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
Do you find it rude when a person enters a room without knocking first?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
How can my body language appeal to all cultures?
I am very poor at talking. How can I improve it?
How can I make a conversation with a girl on social media interesting?
Why do people often ask this question-Tell something about me?- if you're a student of psychology?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
How do I get over disappointment from a friend?
What should you do when you are not treated well by your friends because you are physically weak?
How should I talk to a boy?
How do I start a conversation with a female stranger in the work environment?
My friend wants to become an activist but has a fear of being persecuted. How can I help?
Why can't I get along with people?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
What do you think if someone ask you "wanna be friends"?
Why would a best friend refuse to talk or share a word with you for years?
Where can I find a Fudanshi friend?
What is the last compliment you made to someone?
What is the best way to tell someone about suicidal thoughts?
Can you forgive someone and not want to see them?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
What are some quick responses that can be said to people when they tell you a story/small talk and you have nothing to say about it?
What should one do when someone tells you who they really are and it isn't what you want to hear?
What causes people to change?
How do I deal with quarrels and scolding conversations?
Do guys become close friends with girls they deem unattractive?
At 68 years of age, I seem to have no friends and I am having unusual difficulty making new ones. What should I do, or not do, to remedy this?
How do we determine what's socially acceptable to make fun of?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
What are some good conversation starters for potential girlfriends?
How do I convey a message to the person who doesn't want to talk to me anywhere on networking sites nor meet me in person to solve our issues?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
What are some good tactics to have a conversation with people who don't stop to listen and talk only about themselves?
What is the best way to deal with someone who demeans me as having mediocre aims in life?
What are some creative ways of making a scrapbook for a best friend?
What clothes should I pack for a trip to Tbilisi, Georgia from 25th April to 30th April 2017?
Why do I really not like to talk anymore?
Where can I meet single white guys in Silicon Valley?
How do I get over friends who were once my best buddies?
How do I become friends with my boss?
Why are Indian girls scared of talking with strangers?
What should I say to my friend who lost her school election?
Why would my hubby let his friend’s wife put me down and not defend me?
What should I do if I want to communicate in Mandarin with the Chinese students at my school?
I am very social, but I have no friend-group. There is always someone in a group that doesn't want me there so I leave. What is wrong?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
Most of my friends come to me only when they need something from me, like help with their English or Maths assignments, or money. Should I continue being friends with those who take advantage of me?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How can I get rid of this guy? I went to another church, even hid in the ladies’ room to avoid him. He waits outside and peeps, creepy.
How can I deal with people who call me fat?
When do you know that a friendship is over?
How can I explain to an adult that anime is not just for kids?
What's the best way for an introvert to approach a girl in public and start a conversation?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
Is it aristocratic or liberal or irrational to have friends without benefits?
What would happen if you told someone how you felt but he/she ignored you then acted normal and then disappeared again?
Why is it that every time I get close to someone I start hating them?
What should be the best reply if someone calls you "battery"?
What is the best way to get back at my roommate?
How do I be more outgoing and approachable?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
What is the best way to teach 'small talk' to a reclusive adult?
Is it wrong that I only want low maintenance friends?
How do you politely tell an interfering friend to back off a little?
What are the best and the fastest ways to surround your self with people who have the same interests?
Why do I get nervous around new people?
How can you tell if someone isn’t listening to you on the phone?
What is to be done when you know your friend (whom you don't want to lose) talks about you behind your back and is faking your friendship?
Am I missing out on anything by not drinking?
How can you tell if someone secretly likes or dislikes you?
Can I avoid loneliness by hanging out with my married friends? They are the same age as me.
What does wearing a Swatch say about someone?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
Does Mexico and China get along well?
What should you do if you have a lot of frenemies?
How do I carry on an interesting conversation with a stranger?
What are the first things you do/think when you meet new people?
I think my friend is gay, how do I approach him?
How do you still be positive, knowing your only friends make you feel terribly alone?
Do you need conversations in a story?
Why would someone who is taken agree to hang out with a former crush?
What will be the best way to start a conversation with an unknown person?
What does it mean, if you're the only one who initiates conversations with someone?
Should I build things myself, learn new stuff, and improve myself, or should I hangout with friends, make new friends, and enjoy time with them?
How can we know if an acquaintance is gay based on a first conversation?
Should I care about the people to whom I used to talk a lot, but who no longer seem to want to talk to me?
What should I do when my best friend is busy making foreign friends?
Why do so many girls’ online dating profiles say not to message them if you voted for Trump?
How come my friend is loud on the phone? Is it rude.
Have you ever unintentionally roasted someone?
What should you do if someone you know is suicidal and you are worried about them?
I've sent her my picture. She stopped talking to me. Am I that ugly?
Why do people text when it is much easier to communicate by talking to someone?
Why is it that some people will say that others have it harder when someone talks about their problems but then go on to talk about their problems?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
How do I politely decline my hearing sister's wedding invitation? She never accepted the fact that I am deaf, and I’m always feeling left out.
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How do I keep focus on what really matters in life instead of falling back to trivial things too much (e.g. computer game)?
I suggested that me and a friend meet and catch up. She chose a fancy restaurant. Should I read anything into this?
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
Is it bad that I (a female) do not have that many female friends?
Do you respond when someone says thank you?
Do you really need close friends at school?
Should I tell someone at work that I have feelings for them?
How do I turn conversation into long conversation?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
What are the signs of a toxic friendship?
How do I change my personality completely? I need to become a quiet person so I can fit in. How do I learn to be quiet?
How can I change my circle of friends?
How is my friend able to get better marks than me?
Are girls usually shy talking to a guy?
I don't have a lot of friends. What am I doing wrong?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
What is the importance of friendship?
What is the best way to initiate conversation with Enterprise customer?
What happens to your friends at school?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
What are some huge benefits of being a loner?
How do I tackle atelophobia?
How can I make more friends in my life?
Why are people so shallow? I'm cute, fun and friendly but because I'm overweight nobody ever asks me out. It's pretty lonely. I'm female and 240 lbs.
I equate my polite female colleague to a "yes man". Is that wrong?
Should I try to be friends with someone I am not receiving attention from? Shouldn't I think about my self-respect?
How do I not feel less compared to my boyfriend who knows so many people and has a lot of friends?
How can I start a conversation with a girl I like over text?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
What are some good tips for making friends in high school?
How do you know if you've gone too far in self-disclosure? How do you stop being too open and stop thinking other people will always try to understand you?
Why do I attract people/friends in a lower financial bracket?
How do you hint to people that you do not want to talk and wish them to leave you alone ASAP, without explicitly saying it?
I haven't exactly had many close friendships until now and I don't really know how to be such a good friend. How can I be a good friend to people?
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
What does it mean, if a guy doesn't talk to you unless you talk to him first on FB? (Once I talk to him, he answers me immediately.) Is he just nice?
How can I tone down perfectionism?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
How do I respond when someone is kidding me?
If a guy stares at you, could it be because he thinks that you like him?
A woman is really nervous around me at work. She keeps eavesdropping on my conversations. What should I do?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How can I stop looking awkward while cuddling?
Have you worked for someone that only speaks when they want you to do something for them?
How do I deal with "lets just be friends" when I want more?
How do you make friends as single mid-30's adult in Manhattan?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
When you answer "I don't know" and get asked the same question phrased differently, what does that say about the asker?
What are some things you should say to a friend as they die?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
Since my father's demise, none of my friends has kept the same level of friendship as earlier. Why is the world full of so much emotionless people?
What are the best answers​ to give when someone is asking for nude pictures?
I find informal social situations like chatting over drinks awkward. How can I learn to talk more and not state the obvious so much?
How do I move on from a past friendship?
What if my friend is acting rude?
How do I know if my friends are real or just make-believe in my head?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
What do you think when someone asks, “are you happy?”
When a friend gossips about you to your friend, are they talking about themselves?
Why do people want to be my friend?
What is the best place to meet new people in Eindhoven?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How can I start a coversation with a stranger girl by social networks?
How do I get rid of bullies?
What is the best way to respond to negative people?
Do you know why your friendship came to an end?
What are the fundamentals of dating?
What kind of facial expressions do you make when you want someone to go away or leave you alone?
Is talking to a stranger morally wrong?
How have your friends changed you?
How do I impress a girl for the first time if I want to kiss her?
How can I make my friends care about me?
How can I make friends when I'm more mature than everyone I meet, and nobody recognises or respects me in the way I want?
If your friend did something that affected your friendship, how do you react?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
Why are some people so shy and some are not?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
How can one avoid awkwardness, especially if caused by an inequality in intelligence in the interaction?
Should I, as a high school rising sophomore, come out as gay to my friends?
How do you build momentum in a conversation?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
What's the best way to deal with a coworker after an awkward exchange?
How do I tell my friend I like him without scaring him and losing our friendship?
How do I defend myself when men tease me? It is very annoying. They don't want to stop even when I ignore them.
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
A non-Muslim friend believes that Islam is a religion inspired by Arabic culture and it should not interfere with the economic, social and political life/sphere of a person. What should I say?
What are some useful books / resources for people who find making/maintaining friendships difficult?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why would you start a forced conversation after the spark died?
How do you show that you know a lot about programming to someone who makes fun of you?
How do I convince my friend to not give up on school and leave?
What is social censorship?
I like this guy I've been friends with for the past 4 days. I want to talk to him in person but we are in different grades. How do I talk to him?
How do you overcome office loneliness when you're a socially awkward person?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
Why do people always make fun of me wherever I go?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
What are common reasons friends hate each other after living together?
How do I deal with my friends who talk behind my back about having sex with another friend of mine?
What would be your first question or reaction if you were to meet someone who said, “I am a time traveller from 2136 AD”?
How can I talk to someone/become friends with someone who has severe social anxiety?
How do I advise someone politely?
How can you keep a consistent conversation with a woman?
Why do boys act like they like you but when you like them back they say it was a joke?
Why should someone not use hand gestures while talking?
Why are there days when nobody on the internet, not even my friends, responds to me?
If you are given a chance to talk to a person who suicidal, what will you say to him/her?
Can you give me tips to make good conversations with people?
What are some interesting tricks to read a person you just met?
What should I do if my teacher ignores me in class and discourages me by speaking ill about my future?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
What do you say to someone or how do you comfort someone who doesn’t think they are good enough or is always put last?
How do you talk about boundaries with a friend who's already crossed them, without offending them?
What if a female friend sends me morning texts but does not talk to me anymore like she used to?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you make friends at Harvard Visitas?
What should I do if I need to talk to someone about my problems?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
How can I become a more supportive and positive friend?
Is it possible to be friends with someone who has different ideologies?
How do I cope up with the unlimited expectations of the people around me?
A guy does not want to talk to a girl privately but wants to be seen in public talking and having conversations with her. What is going on?
Should I ask her out after one of her shows? (That feels creepy to me.) Or do I ask her out via a message?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
Does everyone has a best friend?
My best friend has developed an attraction to me. What should I do?
What do I do when I am talking to my friends and someone I do not know walks into the conversation?
Why would people want to hang out with me if they don't really like me?
Someone you love always asks you for help (as a friend). Should you continue to help the person or avoid the person so you can control your feelings?
What should I do to not get diverted from many things?
How do I talk to myself?
What are some open ended questions to keep conversation long enough?
Can a person who makes less effort to make a conversation happen be considered as a boring texter?
How do I tell my professor politely not to show partiality with regard to students, so that he should understand and never do the same again in his career?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
How can I ask my manager politely for some clarification?
Why do men cover their crotches with both hands while talking to women?
Should I continue to pursue a friendship with a married woman?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
What are qualities that are important in a friendship for the relationship to flourish?
If I am arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me, is it still considered assault/battery?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do you respond to "how are you" when you know that the person asking doesn't care but you want to create an interest?
Why should I be all apologies?
What are some ways to help an abuse victim feel like they have a right to have personal boundaries?
What do I do if someone tells me they have been molested?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
How can I build an image so that no one noticed me?
Why does a female friend deliberately spread her friend's old, fat photos around?
Why do people always get angry and respond when someone says or comments something about their religion (especially in India)?
How can I suddenly lose interest in my best friend? (We didn't have a fight or argument, but the following week I just didn't want us to be friends anymore)?
How do you make friends with someone who is too cool?
What are some catchy things to say?
Should I talk to my friend about things about his behaviour that really bother me?
I'm 24. How can I build social skills and a friend group?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
What does it mean to hate someone?
What is the best app to find new friends?
If adulthood could talk, what would it say?
If a woman is talking to you and complains that you are not listening - how much onus is on them to be interesting?
How do I find my lost jewelry?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
Should you contact a person if you came to know she had a crush on you?
How do introverts start a conversation when someone calls on the phone?
What are concrete examples of "getting out there" if you are a shy person?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
What did your friend/acquaintance did/said that embarrassed you but they never knowingly did to hurt/embaress you?
As a minor, will I get in trouble if I hang out with others who are drinking even if I am not drinking?
What should I do when I think I'm starting to like my best friend in more than just a friendly way? Also, what if it ruins the friendship we have?
Did it take time for conversation to improve between you and your S.O.?
What is it like to make friends with an individual from a community/group that your family doesn’t approve of?
How do I know if my friends envy me low key because I'm getting better at something?
How do I connect with other lonely people like me on Quora to strike up a good friendship?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What are some tips to make a first good impression as a new teacher on my students and make them want to become friends with me?
How do I avoid loose talking in public places?
What are some of the best auto rickshaw talks/incidents/conversations Indians have had?
Will I seem more intelligent if I use more Latin phrases like ipso facto in my everyday speech?
How can I hold a conversation with a random person?
Have you ever had an internet friend pass away?
Why, in Portugal, don’t people usually talk about culture or other interesting topics?
How can you politely ask someone about staying online even free saying a goodbye?
Why do I get mad at my female friend quite often?
How can I manage between my two friends who are not good friends themselves?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
Is it right to tap other people's conversations?
How can I make a good friendship?
Would people find it laughable/difficult to talk to me or be friends with me if I lack social skills?
How do you retain more about the information a person is talking about to you during a conversation?
Are EXO members really friends?
How do I make female friends on Quora?
What care had you taken while fighting with derealization/depersonalization?
How do you deal with posers who think they are hot stuff, and maybe even imposing to you, but are off-putting and banal, with worse potential, to you?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
How do I get motivation in final's week if I don't have friends and you have to study all alone?
There is someone I want to be friends with, but they avoid me. How can I earn their friendship?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
What is the best way to tell people to cover their mouths when coughing in public?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
What does it mean when someone says "Don't believe your own press"?
How should I go about getting to know the other students better after spending most of high school barely speaking to anyone outside of my own clique?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What is a good comeback when someone goes 'okay mom' when you are trying to be helpful?
Why did my Capricorn friend who likes me stop talking to me?
What are some tricks or methods one can use to carry on an interesting conversation style as opposed to a forced or try-hard one?
Ethics is illustrated by how one acts towards others. Is ethics more than a semi-codified assessment of healthy behavior for a given social group?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
What should a person do after a breakup if they don’t have anyone else to talk to and they are slowly turning suicidal?
Do you ever get so lonely that you pretend someone is always with you?
What's classy if you're trashy, but trashy if you're classy?
How do I resolve pent-up resentment from someone who used to be a close friend/crush that I alienated?
How can I nicely get rid of my friends?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
What are some interesting points to make to have a good and interesting conversation?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
My social skills are somewhat declining. What should I do?
My classmate stole from me then she hugged me like a pretentious bitch. Is she a sociopath or does she have a psychological disorder?
How do you become friends with someone who you use to be close with?
What do you do if you have a good friend who is Islamophobic and/or racist?
What is the best question to go straight to deep conversations?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
How can someone have a crush for more than 6 months while they never talked to that person?
Is it okay for a woman to approach a guy and ask for his number?
I have a friend with depression who lives in a different state than me, how do I let them know that I'm there for them without it being overwhelming?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Why do I always start with being a friend and end up with a bad image?
How would be a friendship with Athena Walker? And what are the differences to a friendship with a neurotypical?
Are you scared while you talk about your amazing product idea with someone?
How can I find where a person is that is talking with me on Hangout?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
What is the best sarcastic reply if someone says "same to you" after an insult?
What are the types of people that you should always avoid talking to?
How can I stop being a people pleaser because I want people to like me?
How do I deal with a person who keeps criticizing me?
After a gaffe in public, what is the best way to react?
I have zero experience with girls but I'm interested in one but I never talked to her in the few times we met, how do I aproach her?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
What are the qualities one should have to make more and more friends?
What should you do when your old friend proposes to you after not talking to each other for 12 years?
How do I deal with someone patronising who likes to consider himself superior and uses anything to put me down?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
How do you react when someone farts multiple times during a conversation with you?
How can I talk confidently while talking with my friends?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
If you got into a serious accident and your friends stopped talking to you, how would you feel?
How do I deal with a friend that is always in other people's business?
I invited three friends to my birthday, and only one came. Did I do something wrong or are they fake friends?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
How do I find intellectual people to hang out with when I have nothing to offer?
What are some interesting stories that have happened to you that you can tell other people in a conversation?
If he is not interested in talking and chatting with me, how can one keep one’s patience?
What is to be done when my good friend calls my sister an item? Should I punch him really hard or stop talking to him?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
How do I stop talking like a sissy?
There is value in small talk, though it's hard to explain. Can you elaborate on why small talk is necessary, despite it being superficial sometimes?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
What do you say to someone who has lost a loved one?
What would you most like for someone to say to you?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
Why has my friend been rude to me through her new besties’ will? Details are in the comments.
Do you really need to have close friends at school?
I can't get over my best friend's death. What should I do?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
Why does she keeps talking to me and telling me that her boyfriend doesn't care for her even though I don't know her boyfriend?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How can I start and establish fulfilling friendships with those around me?
How do you get a guy friend to stop liking you cause it's awkward and annoying?
How do I ask someone "how was your exam?" without sounding nosy?
How do I meet a good friend?
How can I stop being so awkward around people I'm not close with?
What if a housemaid tries to line you?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
Is it better to please others by sweet talking or just say no to drama of social talks?
How do I stand up for myself against my bully?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Why am I afraid to tell people to stop doing things I don't like/hurt me?
Why won't my abuser leave me alone?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
How should one start a conversation with someone new and what should be the content?
Can a painfully shy person be a cosmetologist?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
Does labeling someone as a profiteer make me someone who wants to control or judge others?
What can I do for my best friend if he is leaving town?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How do I talk to my mum about my rape? She knows about it, but she has not ever wanted to talk about it.
What should I do about my friend that's cutting themself?
Is it rude to walk away from the middle of a conversation?
When someone says they’re sorry just to ease their own conscience, what should you do?
How can I think to solve a problem raised in a job meeting? The nours and looking at someone who is talking distract me.
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
Why does it bother me that my friend is so into my culture?
Does a girl like you if she strikes up a conversation with you? She is a shy girl.
Me and my friends have to miss a great opportunity because of me. How can I come to terms?
How should we deal with friends who pretend to be good but abuse you in your absence?
What happens when two borderlines start a friendship?
How can I entertain my GF on a trip? I have a problem coming up with topics to talk about.
Why do you get bad/ good vibes from certain people?
How do you cope up with friends who is more charming than you?
How should I start and what should I talk in any conversation with my crush who has never talked to me before but just know me randomly?
How do I make friends when I have autism?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
As a guy, how do you recognize whether your friend is "whipped"?
What does it mean when someone calls you a young man?
Is friendship still possible for me?
What is the best way to have fun or meet people in Berlin?
Do you know that moment where someone responds to you by saying "What?" implying they did not hear you but in fact they did? Why is that?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
My lifelong childhood friend's anxieties are pretty severe. What can I do to keep it from affecting our friendship?
How can I become smart while talking with someone?
How can you tell if somebody has low confidence if you see them in public even if you don't know them personally?
How do you respond to someone in upcoming meetings if you feel you were insulted by that guy previously?
What do I do to save my friendship?
How do I get my father to stop insulting me?
Have you ever lost someone (a friend or a partner) because of a political disagreement?
If someone says they are joking, does this also mean they've lied?
Why don't people respect me or care to talk to me just because I have social anxiety?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
How should I respond when a lady gets offended at something I said and angrily asks "excuse me"?
Are my friends, true friends or not?
Why do you think that people who become disabled or chronically ill end up losing friends? What motivates them to discard the friendship?
Why can’t I make strong relationships with my friends?
How can I block random letters from strangers in lettrs?
How can I create an impression among my social circle?
Is it rude if you’ve been talking to someone for weeks, and they suddenly stop talking to you?
How do I become less socially akward?
Are many or most Instagram users & "models" narcissistic? Why do I get an instant feeling of annoyance regardless of how attractive the females are?
How would you respond if someone said "The Promised One" has come?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
I just migrated and I’m ugly and introverted. How do I make friends and be accepted?
Should I be friendly with everyone in a new class or so?
Why do some people act like they have the world figured out, when in reality all they do is talk?
What should I do when new people are around?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
Can anyone be the best at more than one life aspect at the same time?
What is the meaning if someone talks to you normally and behaves as if he/she likes you and then suddenly stops talking to you?
Do you have any friends that are from another country?
How would you describe your friend group?
How can I improve in making small talk?
How do adults in their mid 20s meet people?
What is your reply when someone says that ‘I acknowledge your receipt’?
Why can't I talk to my girl crush smoothly?
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
How can I make friends when I move to a foreign country?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
How do you respond when someone compares you to your coworker who isn't having a problem?
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
Why does not getting equal importance in a friendship feel like heartbreak?
What should I do, if someone insults me who was close to my heart?
I feel shy talking to girls and they think I want to propose them. Why? This is frustrating because I have no such feeling at time of talking.
Should I leave a city when there are too many bad memories and toxic circle of friends?
What is the best dating site for lesbians?
How do you respectfully tell someone their humblebragging is unprofessional?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
Why does he suddenly start avoiding me?
Does drinking really help someone open up to strangers?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can you find out if a friend is messaging and talking on an iPhone with a certain person without him knowing?
How can I explain something to someone clearly and without getting emotional?
How do you avoid looking at someone (to ignore them) without looking like you are doing it on purpose?
How do you deal with inconsistent friends?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
What should I do when someone is making fun of me?
How can I make friends with foreigners in America?
How do you make your enemies your friends?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
I'm a 15 year old with average grades and no special talents or passions. I feel like I'm a loser and will not have a future. What do I do?
There is a girl I am interested in, but she has a kid. Should I pursue her or just be friends?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Could you become my friend?
How do you get to where you're not shy anymore?
How do I make friends with people younger than me and yet have the respect?
What is the best theme to talk about for opening conversation with girls?
How do I make people remember me?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How can I improve my mask in my social surroundings (sociopath)?
How do I make good friends?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
What are some good conversation topics when visiting Malaysia?
How can I get along with my host family?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
How can I maintain a friendship online?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
What would happen if your feelings come to talk to you in person?
Who do you choose to be your friend?
How can I tell my female friend that she's smart?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
I have very few friends, does that make me a loser?
What are the signs someone gives that they do not like you or do not want to talk to you?
What are tips/hacks to make your online dating profile stand out?
What does it mean when some boys watch me all the time, at every hour, but they don’t talk to me ever?
Did you ever get defensive when someone was teaching you to drive or did you just sit politely and let them talk?
How would you define a best friend? Do you think you have one?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What should I do when the person that nominates me does not even vote for me?
Why do people you call friends turn fake on you?
Once a woman knows that you like her, should you initiate the conversation first?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
What is the best reply to “You look like a rat”?
How do I deal with an extremely selfish and proud roommate?
Why should we be friends with every race?
How can I make friends with people? (Read details)?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
How do I have 2 best friends when one will get jealous and no longer be my best friend when I talk to another best friend a lot?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large learning and development team?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Why would she stop showing interest all of a sudden?
Would you go to someone to clarify that something is wrong with them if they show casteism, or would you ignore?
How can I get back my friend, after not talking for a while?
If you know a guy thinks you are cute or pretty, how can you increase his sexual attraction toward you?
How do I bring up a foursome to my best friend?
What is a good way to deal with people who like to start drama?
What does it mean to say "something close to the opposite is true"?
I'm an introvert. I like talking to my close friends but almost nobody else. How can I be more open?
How do I introduce the idea of boundaries to a friend I feel has already crossed them without them feeling defensive?
What can be the best reply to someone who asked how I would remember them if one day I had an accident and lost my memory?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Am I being left out because I'm not in the same classes as my friends?
What's the most polite way to tell a close friend that he/she has bad breath without making the person feel embarrassed?
How do you convince a friend that he means a lot to you in a friendly way?
What is the best memory you have of a friend, whom you lost?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
Me and a friend or two are planning to runaway, is it a good idea to have any friends with me when I do this?
Someone has bullied me every day and now that person is asking for forgiveness. Should I forgive them?
What do you think of making new connections online?
How can the Koreans and the Japanese get along with each other?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
How do you know if a 20 year friendship is worth saving or if there’s been too much hurt and change for repair?
What should you do if someone asks you to babysit their child and has not returned in a day?
Is it impolite to talk about your personal health and fitness with a friend who is out of shape?
Is there a way to replicate positive peer pressure at home to encourage good behaviour ( i.e., eating what is prepared for them or having a nap)?
How do you tell somebody you think they are ugly in a sugar-coated way?
How do I start a conversation on WhatsApp with a girl I met in a group?
What are the benefits of being a “good listener”?
What is the best way for a husband to deal with a moody wife, who at times gets provoked without a sufficient cause and is difficult to placate?
There is a very beautiful girl in our class and I am a very shy person. How could I start a conversation with her?
How do I make new friends at 30?
Should I leave my group of friends?
How do I socialize with girls?
What are some interesting conversation starters with your mom?
I find it difficult to make friends. What should I do?
How do you typically react when someone asks you for money on the streets?
Why do strangers on the Internet appeal to me?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
How do I make more friends outside my community in college?
How can I ask for my money back from a friend with whom I no longer share a friendship?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
A girl who tried talking to me was a bit clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How should I deal with a friend who is showing attitude?
What's the best way to avoid someone who is using you without them noticing?
I just lost a friend because my values did not align with theirs. Should I change?
I am growing distant from my friends. How to stop it?
How do I avoid stress when I'm talking to a crowd?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
Why would a person make fun of someone, demand they "grow a thicker skin," and then get mad when their victim defends himself?
I already meet people, take classes, join groups, and volunteer; so how do I overcome self-built social walls and, consequently, loneliness?
Does appearance matter in a friendship?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
What’s the best way to confront someone with an alcohol problem?
What is the smallest technical thing we can use to talk with someone?
How do I politely tell or respond to a (younger) friend to stop saying be careful whenever we depart? It feels too motherly.
What is LGBTQIA like in the UK, both socially and legally?
Is fake laughing at social gatherings a key to success?
How do I politely ask a person if they sent you the cheque they said they would?
How do I engage in conversations with random people I come across?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
How do I reply smartly while talking with someone?
Silence never feels awkward for me. How do I know if the silence is awkward for the other person? (Body language signals to cue me in to speak?)
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
What is a perfect mouth-shutting reply to a person who says "Commerce is for weak students"?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How can I talk more clearly and sharply?
What does it mean when someone offers you their business card after a brief conversation?
Some friends of mine talk rubbish behind my back. How can I keep up my reputation when it is affecting people surrounding me?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
What's the most effective way to create a connection with high profile people?
How do you deal with someone who seems to misinterpret what I say as negative or as argumentative towards him?
I feel like having friends is a waste of time. What the fuck is wrong with me?
What do you talk about when you have nothing left to talk about?
Why do Indian women avoid talking to strangers on Facebook while feeling free on matrimonial sites?
What is the best way to socialise at university?
Is being socially awkward the reason I can't find a date?
What should I say when someone asks me what anime is?
What’s the best way to deal with a problem?
How do I start a conversation with girls in my friends group who don't talk to me often?
Whenever I've had guy friends, it never works out. At first, it’s amazing, but after a while, they start acting weird and stop talking to me. This has happened twice. Why do they do this?
When someone says that he is against Brahmanism, what is the appropriate answer?
Why do I lack interest in socialising?
Why do people ask me "what are you doing?"
Why are some Geminis shy/awkward?
How do I approach a female stranger in India?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
How should I handle it if someone calls me a so-called skilled person in an annoying way?
What would you say you're saying when you don't say anything?
Can your friendships shape you?
What should I do if I lack of tact?
Do introverts literally tell everything about their life to their close friends?
Why do people talk about things that don't matter?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
How do you build a friendship?
Why do Indian woman not agree easily for being friends with benefits?
Why can't I keep friends?
How can I start a conversation with my crush over text?
Why can't we chat and make friends on fanfiction? It sucks.
How do I talk to a stranger comfortably?
How do I move on from someone who does not want to talk to me now?
I know this is a stupid question, but how do I start a conversation?
I’m scared to talk to women. How can I get over this fear? Are they really from Venus?
How do I deal with a situation where a person who doesn't talk to and care for me changes their attitude?
How do I develop a friendship with someone to the point of being able to communicate nonverbally?
What happens when I stop taking Imuran (azathioprine)?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
Are there any online resources to help me get better at talking to and connecting with girls?
How can you tell if someone is insane or if they are just cruel?
Why doesn’t my father talk to me anymore?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
Two girls at my new place of work have professed to liking me. They are good friends. I like one as a friend, and one more than a friend. What do I do?
How can you tell if your best friend is fake?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
What does it mean when someone says"you'll be a cute one in prison"?
What are the social statistics that Gujarat should improve upon?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
How do I surround myself with positivity in a new place?
Why do girls that are not in my league like me?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
How do I deal with people I work with who are pretending to be my friends but are talking about me behind my back?
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
I lost all the people I thought were my friends, now I am lonely. How can I make new friends?
My best friend is not willing to talk or meet after a fight. What should I do?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
If you could make an exact copy of yourself, would you be able to be your own friend?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
What should I do in a conversation if the other person keeps making short responses?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
Is there any way to make me know more foreign friends, I am a Chinese person?
How can I meet and talk to a Bohemian?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
What are some tips for meeting new people and networking with them?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
When you meet someone for the first time, what do you want them to know about you, but generally don't tell them?
How do I make someone stop annoying me?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
What do girls say to a bare-chested boys they like?
How do I ignore people without letting them know that they are being ignored?
What are you impressed by which others are not?
How do you escape from a boring party?
How would girls like for a guy to strike up a conversation with them?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
What do I do if someone I hate has a nude photo of me?
When talking to someone and they turn their back to you, what does that mean?
How do I improve my life? I want to overcome my shyness and nervousness (accrued when I interact with girls)?
Would randomly complimenting this shy (around me) girl with 'beautiful' be weird/creepy since we're just classmates who've talked only a few times?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
How have your friends changed?
What is some dating advice for men?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What does spamming someone mean?
What are some ways to stop my roommate from using my perfume daily without hurting him?
If you were meeting life as a person, what would be your conversation with it?
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
Is it okay to not have a B.F.F. or close friends or friends at all?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
How can you tell someone 'it's okay' when it's not okay?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How can I talk to girls if I am an introvert?
What are some great tips and stories to initiate an interesting conversation?
How do I roast someone with a tooth gap?
How do I grow and deal with my friend being friends with someone who I use to like?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
How do you deal with people who dismiss your feelings?
Why am I confused between being shy and getting attention?
I have a habit of wanting to do anything with a friend, how do I make myself do things alone?
How hard is it to get a real and true friend?
Why do people close up to me when we first meet even if they're extroverts and talk openly with others if we are in a group?
When you're socially awkward, how do you make friends?
What should I talk with my crush over a phone call? We used to have chatting but I never talked to him as a person!
Do you believe it when someone says the 'Earth will end one day', and why?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
What are some indications that someone is about to attack you?
If someone were to trash talk you, how do you think they would describe you?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
A girl I know asked me, "Are you proud of me," because she quit smoking. Why?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
How should I reply to my friend who makes fun of me and my college?
Can you tell if someone is into something alternative?
What are some flaws you've had to accept in your closest friends?
How can you tell whether you have a really good friendship with someone and whether they like you or not?
How should one react when someone stops talking to you without any reason and if he is your crush?
What should I do when the guy I like is ignoring me?
How do I reply if someone says “Cheer you up or gear you up”?
Should you respond by saying “how are you” when asked the same question?
How can I help my friend stop doing dangerous things?
Do landscape photographers like it if someone tried striking up a conversation while they were concentrating on taking a photo?
Why is being "anti-social" looked at negatively?
What should you do to talk to a girl who is in some other school & you don't even know anyone from her school?
How do I respond to Moshe Ebner?
How you fight bullying in schools?
Why do attractive women have such a hard time making female friends?
How do you react smartly when someone points out your insecurities infront of other people?
How can I tell someone they look better with makeup?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
If my neighbor keeps talking bad about me and I just ignore her, am I permitting her behavior?
How do you respond when someone asks how you are and how your kid is?
Does anyone think it’s time for a fresh new way of socializing and meeting new people through an app?
Is anybody there just to talk?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
How do you supervise someone who bosses you around and acts like you're trying to do something to them if you ask them to do something?
Can people be friends with benefits without sex?
I hang out with a group of 7-8 new friends and have developed a crush on one of the girls. If I ask her out, will that ruin the dynamics of the group?
Is it ok for my friends to call me an idiot and beat me and call me a loser?
I just got in a group and I don't know anybody here. How do I stop being awkward?
How should I deal with people where I never know if they are serious or not?
Why is it that some people who have a boring life can talk for hours and other people with an exciting life can barely keep a conversation going?
If someone is being fed intravenously, what would you say in place of they're "drinking" the fluid?
Why does a professor cup his genitals while talking to me?
How do you deal with people that hide behind the written rules to refuse to help you?
How do I avoid talking to a girl?
How can a talkative guy change himself to a silent one?
Should I tell my friends that I’m bi?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Is there such thing as a social therapist? Where they help high functioning autisitic and savant children to excersize their social capabilities?
What is the best way to avoid a friend when they use your stuff and money alot?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
What topics do British find uncomfortable to talk?
What should you respond when someone asks 'How do you do'?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself?
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
I'm not good with conversations. What are some tips to keep the conversation going?
When one of your successful friends tries to make you feel low, what do you do? It's their habit to make fun of people.
How do I start a conversation with my counselor/psychologist?
The more I learn, the less I can talk with my parents? Why?
Do I lack social skills?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
What should I do when a friend of mine keeps on boasting about himself?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
How do I stop being shy with girls in high school?
Should all lonely people meet to become friends with one another?
Did Rick Doblin make fun of an indigenous woman at the Psychedelic Science Conference for 2017 or did I see that wrong?
How can you recognize who are genuine and fake friends?
How do I socialize with people I don’t know?
Why do people pay less attention to me when I start talking?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
What would happen if you met someone who is just like you, but without your negative qualities?
How should you deal with a situation, or react, when someone doesn't talk to you or they ignore you just because you earn less money?
How can I live with the fact that no one will ever like me and I will never make any good friends again?
Can a friend of mine meet me at the connecting flight at IGI?
What does taking initiative feel like?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
Who don't Leos get along with?
How do we change a fake friend (who is only concerned about their needs) into a true friend?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
Do most Crip sets get along?
Are all friends that we have good and helpful?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
What was the last conversation you had with someone you never forget?
How do I ask someone if I can job shadow them?
Girl acts nervous around me but nobody else, what for?
What should I do if a girl I love sincerely rejects my proposal and insults me?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
What should I do when there is an awkward gap in a conversation?
What does it mean when someone tells you, “I am not comfortable with you”?
How can I make my female bestfriend value our friendship again?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
Why do people form a circle of friends?
How do I make new close friends?
How can I explain to my friend that some things are rude?
How should I treat my female colleague?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
What should be the reaction when someone is making fun of someone else personally?
How should I behave with someone who ignores me in the group?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
What is the best way to inform people of different cultures about the importance of personal hygiene without offending them?
How do I help a person in a cult?
Why should you never do negative and derogatory talking to yourself, despite knowing that you are in a way responsible for the way things are?
How do you start a conversation once you find a person you’re interested in becoming friends with?
What are some of the best examples of friendship between women?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
What do I say when someone misgenders me?
If a stranger sits next to you, will you feel nervous?
How easy is it to make a German friend? And how easy is it, for a German, to make a Chinese friend?
How am I supposed to deal with someone who is always looking to score points against me in our conversations?
What does it mean when he starts smile warmly at me and initiates conversations, after we ignored each other for a while because of his cold response?
Psychologically speaking, why is there always at least one person in every group who acts nice to everyone, while targeting one person from the group?
How can I make myself feel like a winner? I’ve been made fun of most of my life because everybody thinks I'm a loser of a human being.
Why do friends forget one another once they feel like they're just more than friends?
Can my friend get my information if I recharge with my friend’s account?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
Is being too social a bad thing?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
How should I respond to people who confuse me with my twin?
A few people at my school were making fun of my dream of becoming a YouTuber. How do I ignore them and continue trying to reach my goal?
What does it mean when someone wants down to a penny?
Is it strange to not have many friends?
How do I make good or right friends?
What are good rules for living with roommates you initially don't know?
Some co-workers ignored I could help and one gently suggested I do lighter activities because I'm a woman. What’s the best response?
Returning home after college has left me miserable but I can't figure out a way to do something on my own and settle in a city. Any suggestions?
How do I politely tell someone no?
What should I do if someone turns my friend group against me?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
What is the surest way to make someone like you?
What should I do, when my mum doesn't accept that I don't want to hang out with people?
How do I make 4 years go by faster? My friends are going to a different school and we will meet up again in the future. Will they recognize me?
My friend makes a lot of jokes about suicide, to the point that I think it depresses me as well as our other friends. How should I handle this?
Do hot people only become friends with other hot people?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
Can anyone be my friend?
A group of friends and I came up with an idea, but they all ditched the group and I want to continue. Do they have anything to do with it, like IP?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I have been really down lately and I have wanted to talk to someone about it. How do I start the conversation?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
How do you respond to someone who keeps calling you gay?
How would you respond if a stranger asks you out?
How would you define a friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
What facial expression should I make while saying "Thank you"?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
How can you mention the country Niger to a black person without offending them?
Why do I always hurt my closest friends?
The nerds at my school are ignoring me because I believe in quantum mechanics. Does that make me a super nerd, or is someone here incorrect?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
Do you say "scram" when you tell someone to go away or leave?
How do I isolate and leave everybody alone? I just wanna be in my own world. I don’t care anymore, and it's not like anybody helps me anyway.
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
How do you deal with someone who repeatedly takes advantage of you, only messages you when they need you, and otherwise chooses to ignore you?
How do you get a boyfriend when you don't talk to anyone or how do you tell someone you like them?
Is there any medical term for a person who keeps on talking about some topic until he is satisfied?
How can I fix my friendship with this girl?
What will happen to me if I stop talking to others?
How do you react when someone makes fun of your illness?
What do I say when someone asks me "how's life?"
How do I get comfortable and less nervous around girls? How do I know 'what to say', 'when to say', 'how to say' and actually say something to them?
Can someone with ASD have good social skills?
What should shy people do to talk to the opposite gender? Or how can a shy person start a talk with the opposite gender?
Do you get along with your relatives?
If you're always the first to initiate a conversation, is it a one-sided friendship?
The girl I want to talk to is helping out at this year's prom. Would it be wise of me to help too?
I am unable to fake interest in other peoples lives, does this mean I will never have friends?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
There is a girl who comes to my class period for extra studying. I noticed that, for most of the class, she is staring at me. How should I approach her?
What are conversation topics that can lead to a closer relationship?
Why can't my parents understand that I'm socially inept?
How can you get the confidence to start talking to a guy?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
If people are so nasty to each other, why should I even try to make friends with other people?
How do I deal with a jealous friend and roommate?
How can I stop stepping back in social situations and being like an invisible ghost because I am too shy, too quiet, too nervous, and self-conscious?
What is the best way to start talk to strangers?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
When thanking someone, should I use physical contact like patting them on the back?
What is the best and safe way for an introvert to make new friends?
How do I make connections with people during teenage?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large corporate teams?
Why do people find it difficult to get friends to chat on WhatsApp?
How can be a better person and improve my relationships with others?
How do you know if you're important to someone?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
When did you last met your best friend?
Why are westerners keep asking "How are you", how should I respond?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Is it appropriate to let the neighbor wait outside when mom/dad are asleep and they want to talk to them? Or should I let them in and make them wait?
It's always me who asks my friend to hang out. Is there anything I can do to change that?
Can I survive at a university without having any friends?
Could a shy person be misunderstood if he or she lived in the USA?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
What is the best response to "Why are you quiet?"?
When was the last time you look at the mirror and you look different from the previous you?
What does talk back to an old friend if you ended on bad terms with them mean?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
Who are your best friends in college?
How do you politely tell someone you don't like them?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
Why can't I develop stable feelings for anyone anymore?
What should I text my friend after a year?
How do I overcome my insecurities of becoming a performer? I want to sing but I grew up with people making fun of my voice.
How can someone tell if meditation is right for them?
How do I learn to argue with women?
Why can't I talk to my psychiatrist anymore?
Why did a psychopath stop talking to me?
Do females have more male friends because males would be more likely sponsor their hangouts & give gifts when they like them?
What are some ways to respond to a stranger having a beautiful face without being attracted?
How should I response to “silence is the best reply to a fool”?
What should I do when people start talking with each other in a group, and you are left out?
Is it illegal to tell someone you want to strangle them?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Am a girl and am talking to this girl on Quora who keeps telling me she loves me, what does that mean?
How do you get along with the British?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
What do I do when a guy sitting beside me asks me to talk about something interesting?
Do you know someone who I can talk to and ask a few questions about aeronautical engineering at Manipal?
At what age is someone suppose to have their shit together?
How can I build relationships without small talk?
What should I do when the entire class ignore me?
What are some sweet things to say to your friends?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
How do I ferociously block people who politely disagree with me?
If a random person just walked to you and said "Hi! I am so lonely, and don't have any friends, can you be my friend?" How will be your reaction be?
How do I get someone to like me (I’m a boy)? Or how to know if someone likes me?
What should I do if a closed-off person isn't responding to me?
Someone I haven't seen in a while asked me to have a drink and we were never close friends, what could this mean?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why am I always missing and thinking about my guy friend?
How do I stop someone at work from being rude?
What makes Barnes & Noble a great place to meet people?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do you know if your friends are taking advantage of you?
How can we tell someone, "this is how you could/should have done it," without offending them?
How do I start dating again?
How do you respond to someone saying you're a nobody and always will be?
When you mentally hurt someone, what is the best thing to say as an apology?
What's the best way to tell a girl I'm friends with that I am interested sexually?
How do I ask a neighbor I haven't talked to in a long time for help?
I have a friend who’s told me that they don't see themselves making it through their entire life cycle. What should I do?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
Can a shy person become a good architect?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
I am not really good at English. I can't make friends and I don't have same topic with my classmates in Australia .What can I do to make friends?
My friend suddenly said he's not friends with me anymore. How did this happen?
How can I tell if someone's picture is genuine?
How do you stop being 'creepy' by others' standards?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
Would you want to know if your friend or acquaintance died?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
What are cute ways to say yes after being asked to be someone's girlfriend?
How do people make up their minds before even starting a conversation with someone else?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
Why would a friend always depend on the same person for a ride, then suddenly not?
How do you make friends without children, work or school?
If someone told you that you have a facial feature that is too big, what would you say?
A male friend of mine keeps cock-blocking me. Should I cut him off?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
No one looks at me while I’m talking to them. What should I do to be a part of any discussion?
Why do I have a hard time socializing with people even though I want to?
Are someone’s friends likely to stand by their friend if he murdered someone none of them liked?
It's been more than a year since I started doubting everything. Is it better to share my ideas with close friends, or is it better to keep them to myself?
Is it bad that I go up to people and talk to them just because I can tell they are wealthy?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
If LGBT has been a thing for a long time, why has it only recently exploded in the media? It wasn't a social issue and talked about much back then.
What are some effective ways for introverts to stop a conversation when stuck with a chatty person?
What are the qualities that a girl see before talking to a guy?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
What do I say if someone tells me arigato in Japanese and he is a close friend of mine?
What should you do if you don't have any close friends in your life?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
Why do my friends make fun of me by saying that that IIMs are waiting for me and other things? What should I do or say?
Why does this 'friend' insist on giving and refusing to take but then complains about being used?
Is it bad that I have a good, male friend?
What advice would you give to a person/friend who keeps posting/saying quotes on Facebook about fake friends? And what does that say about the friend?
What does it mean when someone says "Sucks to be you?"
What does it mean when you tell someone to tell the guy you like that you said hi and he just laughs?
How can I start an conversation on 7cup?
How do you remove a toxic person from your life without it being awkward?
How do I tell someone that I know he is faking blindness without being mean?
How do I become friends with Dylan MacIntyre?
What is a good response to someone who says: "So? What is it like to be ugly?"?
What is the best reply if a girl says, “Why do you want to make me your friend?”
What are some ways to have a very strong friendship with someone?
Why do some people give more importance to virtual friends (social media friends) than to real friends?
I have completed my first two years of university. Is it too late to make friends?
What does it mean to be someone's first?
How do I become close friends with someone who you used to be friends with already?
What age did you meet your best friend and how long have you known them?
How can I avoid who is trying to avoid me?
Should I ignore the text of a friend who ignores my text sometimes?
I’m 13. I'm going through some tough stuff and need a person who will listen to me. Where can I find someone to talk to?
How do I spend time with my friends?
How can I push people away from my personal space while being nice?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
Why do I seem to dislike some of my friends over time?
If GONK droids could talk, what would they say?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
How do I dump or tell a friend that's lacking in common sense and making wrong judgements frequently on a person based on people's opinions?
What is the best way to respond to someone who asks you "are you assuming my gender?"
Are there any studies behind the phenomenon of talking to yourself?
How can I become less introverted? How can I force myself to become more social and find joy in interacting with people?
I feel sad and lonely as I don't have any female friend, what should I do?
Should the younger person always greet the older person first?
Will a man come back to you after he said, "I just lost it all for you”?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
What does it mean when someone says I don't know?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
How should I explain to someone that I don't want to eat with them?
If I were to suddenly stop talking forever, what would happen?
How do I prevent being awkward in spontaneous situations?
How can people be friendly and kind since they are self-serving?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Is it important to make friends if you feel demotivated while talking to them?
How can we be more friendly to one another for real and not in a fake way?
How can I get along with a teacher, whom I don't like at all?
Can you make real friends on Quora?
Why do my close friends think I'm weird, when people I don’t know well think I’m normal?
How many friends do you have in your life, right now, who you’re confident would be willing to make almost any sacrifice for you, if they were asked?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
What should you do if you have money but people you hang out with don't?
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Are there some students at Stanford who might be brilliant academically, but also sort of strange in character? Maybe socially awkward in person?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
My boyfriend has problems communicating with me while around friends, but no problem communicating with friends around me. What could be going on?
How can I detach emotionally from a friend?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
In the documentary "Battle for Marjah," I saw the Marines licking some stuff like candy. Can you tell me what it was and what its essence is?
How do I ignore people around me for 24 hours?
When they are having a conversation, do synesthetes "see" the ideas of the conversation and the way that the conversation is heading as colors?
When you believe your friend might be annoyed or upset with you, should you ask them if they are?
How do I do a better telephonic conversation with a person for the first time?
Do you think it's weird to go to a club with only one friend?
What is the best way for my friend to find a girlfriend at college?
What does it mean when someone says yeah, true, right, all the time?
How can I make my best friend happy?
What do I do when my friend keeps lecturing me?
What's a good comeback when someone calls you ginger as an insult?
How can I get close to my beloved friend?
Can you call a cop if someone says something degrading about you?
How do you go about resolving conflicts with someone who is emotionally expressive and with someone who is indirect?
Should we need to maintain a friendship with a lesser designation friend?
How do I give social cues to someone with autism?
What should I say when someone asks me why I watch anime?
Are friends forever?
I am a confident public speaker but I become speechless in front of someone who I wish to talk to. I don’t understand the psychology behind it.
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Do we tend to avoid those who talk negatively about themselves?
If someone says that you did something wrong in life, what reaction would you have the first thing when you see that question?
How do you avoid negative friends?
What would be your reaction if someone made fun of another's life?
Should I ignore and not deal with an acquaintance that is not interested in being friends with me?
Did you recently have an interesting conversation?
Is it bad that I pretend I'm talking to someone but I'm actually talking to myself?
What should I do when I can't empathize with my friends?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
If we hate someone, how should we treat him/her politely?
Why is it so damn difficult to make new friends after a certain age?
Why does your female classmate suddenly start to push your chair from behind?
How do I deal with people who have completely different thought processes?
How do I deal with friends who don't stimulate me intellectually?
Are there some girls which love to live lonely or to talk less?
Do your colleagues and friends know that you have Quora?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
Is it normal to be quiet because you have nothing to talk about all the time?
Is it good to talk to strangers, meet new people, and take the initiative without expecting anything in return?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
What are some ideas of funny topics to talk about with friends?
I’m in my 70s and people don't take me seriously when I tell them I'm an atheist. What can I do to tell them off but still keep them as friends?
How do I learn to talk slower and more clear?
Have anyone asked you to take bribe and do their work? How do you respond to that?
Husband told a couple of my friends personal information that put me in a bad light. He regrets it and has apologized. Do I forgive him or walk away?
I'm very bad at small talk, and I realise it's very important in business. How do I improve on this?
Is it ever okay to tell someone they're too happy?
Will people laugh at me if I wear earplugs to night clubs or concerts, as I have very sensitive ears?
Can you be arrested only because someone called saying they saw a passenger in a car hitting the driver?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
How do I deal with people who always put others down?
How do I get an extremely bothersome individual away and stop his issues without being too hurtfully direct?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
How can a close friend improve our happiness?
Is talking to yourself a good way to improve your talking skills?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
What area of science talks about social skills?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself, with god's help?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
How do you let someone back in the friendzone without hurting their feelings?
How do you handle a resentful ex friend who you see often?
Is it true that my friends are fake?
I am super uncomfortable with objectively treating women in restaurants like hooters and twin peaks. It is not pretend unease. But I enjoy porn. Why?
Is there a real psychic that talks to the deceased?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in Britain?
How do I deal with unreasonable downstairs neighbors?
When do you know that you want to go to a therapist? I mean, my problems aren't very big, but I really want to talk to someone who is a stranger.
What would you say, if you have to say something nice to someone?
How can I know if my friend hates me?
How do I talk to my crush without seeming desperate? Like if I text too much it just looks weird.
Why do people stop talking to someone without telling them the reason for it?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
A friend aged 56 calls your friendship quits after 10 years out of the blue. How do you handle it, and should you have words?
How do I stop wanting a friendship that will not benefit me in the long run? I can't stop wanting that friendship, but it won't serve to my goals.
What’s one offensive question you'd like to ask someone but couldn't because you know it’d be wrong?
What is your opinion about friendship (in a single line)?
Why do close friends eventually turn haters?
It seems as if everybody is asking "Is it rude to say this, do this, ask that, etc.?". Is there an obsession with rudeness (or politeness) going on?
Can't two people, who are very different from each other, be great friends?
How do I make friends with ants?
How do I deal with a popular guy who might ruin my reputation without coming across as a wimp?
What is the most efficient method to drag someone out of a car?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
How do I handle it if a company I hired to make a website for me stops responding and avoids me?
How do gifted adults make meaningful friendships, and find others who are like-minded?
What's the best way to handle a situation where someone talks about a subject to you as if you don't know anything about it?
When someone says to you, "It's your world," what do they mean?
Why are some things more likable to most of us?
How can I become close to people instantly?
Why do I make wrong choices that end up hurting me or others around me?
Is it better to be good or bad?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
If someone demands to talk to me do I have to comply?
What does it mean if someone told you to talk with him forever?
What kind of friends do charismatic people want?
How do I maintain a stable social relationship?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
What do you talk to a person you meet for the second time?
Can you call someone pathetic if they are a fisherman but they lie and say they're a businessman?
What are some of the best social platforms to meet people when moving into a new city? Why?
How do I stop social isolation as a teen?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
I made a very good friend last year. We never met in person but used to talk a lot. Why has she suddenly blocked me?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
What advice would you give to your peers when you are leaving them?
How do I nicely ask someone to not burp loudly?
How do you get over a friend who suddenly leaves you?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
If, hypothetically, Michael Jackson and Harry Potter met, how would their meeting and conversation be?
Where is a good place to meet and talk to Polish people in Berlin?
How do I get people to stop calling me Charlotte #2?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
How can I talk more about myself when I know computers and art, and I am helpful?
What does it mean when someone says humans were not 'created'?
What can I put into my neighbours letterbox to make her stop screaming at her children?
Is a person more likely to be smart if she sits in the middle of a crowd and uses her smartphone without talking to anyone?
How do I be friends in a group when my fiance has dated one of the members?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
How do I convince a stranger girl for a friendship?
Do you think technology is changing the way people make friends?
How can we talk to someone and make him/her happy if you see that person crying alone?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
How do I forget a guy who doesn't want to talk, but it’s my fault?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
How do you deal with someone who is consistently critical of suggestions when proved they are right?
Is it a wise decision to stop speaking to my friend who is already committed?
How do I make my friend forgive me and bring things to normal?
What do you do when someone is making you do their work or is using you?
My friend ignored me for almost three months, what was he thinking?
How can I stop interacting with people at university?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
If someone ever asks me why I'm still a virgin at 23, should I tell them I'm a born-again Christian waiting for marriage?
Why is alcohol the new best friend of man?
For the past few months, I have been isolating myself from my "friends," and I don't care about my appearance. What has happened to me?
How do I politely ask for something?
How can someone tell if he/she is financially secure?
How do I ask for relationship closure from someone that I see at work when they continue to ignore any opportunity to talk about what happened?
One of my friends claims that I don't like my body structure. How should I reply to her?
How did you get over the end of a friendship?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
What should I do to be creative in bringing thoughts and being infleuntial during a conversation?
I have a crush on a guy who I've known since primary school but we don't really talk. How do I strike up a conversation with him?
How did you begin talking with the girl you like?
Why do fellow women give me a bad look or act uncooperative especially when I try to be friendly?
How can you politely tell your boss to shut the fuck up?
What will you do if a drunk girl sleeps with you?
How do I make an internet friend?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How should I deal with people who try to bring me down, demotivate me and disrespect me, and stay around me all the time?
How can I meet new people and make friends outside of school when all my old friends don't invite me to anything anymore?
You are dining out and in walks a close friend with a woman who is not his wife. Their behavior is intimate. What do you do? Do you tell someone? Who?
What if your best friend was comfortable hugging you before and now he is feeling uncomfortable?
What should I say when someone says "whats up?" to me?
What should I say in a conversation with my crush?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
How should you respond when a girl ignores you to show her attitude?
Is it right to ask someone if you're important to them?
Whom I can call a friend?
What is the best comedy fight with friends?
How can I entertain a friend I only know on the Internet and will be seeing in person for the first time soon?
Does it help to find someone to whom you can freely and openly talk for hours about that woman you can't have?
Why does it seem like my friends never want to hang out?
A girl in my class ignores me. What should I do?
How can I learn to loosen up with strangers?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
What is the best way to approach a girl to reduce the percentage chance of being rejected?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
When someone stops talking to you and avoids you for no reason, how does it feel? Should we just get over with just like they left us?
How can I become friendly towards others?
Who likes talking dirty with strangers?
If someone says that you are in a Mormon cult, how would you best reply?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
Why does my mind suddenly go blank when talking to people? Even if it’s just a small talk, I’d feel so nervous my mind would go blank. How can I overcome this?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
Can anyone recommend good books to improve social skills and for anger management?
Is it really important to be chatty and sociable at work? Isn't doing your job well and being helpful to coworkers enough?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
Now that I know what was made of me what now shall I make of myself?
What are the disadvantages of taking the initiative?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
How would you react if someone of your locality, with whom you haven't talked before suddenly appears in front of your eyes?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
Do you ever get the feeling that people dislike you, even though they never say no when you ask if they want to hang out?
How do you confront a two-faced liar who will just deny it?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
I’m in love with my friend and we're both girls. I want her to talk more and find me interesting. How do I act in order to make her interested in me?
What is your opinion about a quiet person? (Like they wouldn't strike a conversation if you didn't start it first)
Why doesn't my young female colleague converse with anyone?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
What advice would you give to an introvert who wishes to become more social?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
What can I do if my friend doesn't come to school and I miss them?
When someone is talking behind your back instead of to your face are they lying to others about you?
How do I overcome the burden of social rejection in childhood and become more social as an adult?
How can I deal with a broken friendship as I pissed off her with a tactless message?
How do I tell my friend she can't join the military?
How did you silence your critics?
Why do people talk behind others but still hang out with them?
How do I make friends with my crush's sister?
What is a fun psychological trick to try on someone?
How do I prevent myself from being talkative?
What do you do when you win/lose an election against a really close friend?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
Does it bother people who are studious and intelligent to not have any close friends?
How do I become more sociable as a teen and get better grades?
Should I confront my husband about his trash talking about me on WhatsApp?
What is a professional way to ask my strict general manager for more admin responsibilities in the hotel industry?
What do you do when you are working in a different state and you are all alone?
Should I tell someone that my friend mentioned wanting to dissect a human after doing it to his pet rabbit and loving it so much?
If you knew the exact time, date and circumstances of someone else's death, would you tell them?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
Why do I feel more comfortable chatting online than talking real-life?
What is the best way to boost your social engagement?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
Could it be possible to still make friends in your 20s if you've literally never had one friend ever in your entire life?
How should I react to compliments from flirters?
How do I get my neighbor to say hi without saying hi first?
Has someone that liked you as a friend changed their mind?
Where is the best site to find friends?
Should I ask the girl if she is avoiding me?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
What do you want to say to all the people who tell you "Quora is pretty boring"?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
Why do you lose interest in doing something when someone else (e.g. your mother) tells you to do it?
I have friends but lack a group. Should I focus on joining an existing group?
How do I stop talking so much and be more introvert type?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
What should I do to stop getting nervous in London?
Why do the Bangladeshi and the Pakistani people get along but their governments do not?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
One of my friends just texted me, 'Pls talk to me'; however, I don't want to talk to him for a specific reason (for his own sake). What should I reply to his message without hurting him?
Can I ask someone I have been friends with to delete my messages to him/her on WhatsApp?
I don't have friends anymore, so I just code. Is this normal?
What does it mean to have friends in low places?
I'm an introvert girl and don't talk much in office apart from some friends. Would people think I'm abnormal?
How do I get over my fear of male humans?
What would happen to someone if they never went to a friend’s house or never had friends over and never spent time with anyone outside of school?
Some aspects of my friend's personality really annoy me. Does friendship mean I have to accept all of his negative traits?
An Aries female has been ignoring me and doesn't even text/call me anymore, for 6 months, but says we're friends. What is happening?
Why would someone befriend someone who speaks spitefully about someone the listener is close to?
How can I confront my family, when they tell me off or keep talking when they are mad?
What are some good excuses to start a conversation with a shy girl in my class?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
How do I react when someone opens up to me?
Where can you really meet people in their early to mid 20s?
What are the important social skills that a guy has to develop to attract women instantly, and how do I develop those skills?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
When there is so much loneliness in the world, why do most of us have trouble reaching out to others?
How do you keep a conversation going in different settings?
Why can't people get along with each other?
What should I do with the friends that let me down again and again?
Will untrue friends talk unkindly behind your back, but true friends will never do so and will always tell you the unkind things people say about you?
Why do females have more male friends than female friends & males have more male friends than female friends?
How should I react to someone awful from the past returning as if nothing happened, and everyone else is just accepting him back into the group?
How have you benefited from having friends?
How do you tell someone that they are holding you back in life?
Should I avoid a girl who takes advantage of me? She is the only friend I have in my class though.
How does it feel when your then best friend is now a stranger?
How do you interact with a senior college/school mate of yours when you meet him/her after a very long time and thr person is not in a very good job?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
Why has my guy friend from high school started ignoring me all of a sudden?
Is it okay to talk to the parents personally, without involving my fiancee?
What does it mean when someone says oh?
How do I avoid people I have classes with?
What do you do on weekends when you are in a different state and you do not really have friends or someone to hangout with?
What are some things you talk about when you meet random people?
Have you had a bad ice breaking talk but the conversation became nicer later?
What do you think of individuals who befriends other individuals simply out of pity?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
Are you the weird one out of your friends?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do you deal with codependent people who are always trying to control everything?
What does it mean when someone ignores you?
How can you change from a talkative person to a listener?
Is it creepy to leave an anonymous thank you letter at the office of a professor I had this session? I'm too shy to go talk to him.
Is it wrong that I only choose friends whom I can learn from?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
What are the current topics we must talk about?
Is it wrong to keep wanting to make a friendship right even when the other person is not interested?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
What should I do about people who make fun of me for being Indian and the stereotype of a small you-know-what?
How do you deal with friends who judge you and give unsolicited advice?
How do I curb an attraction for a long time friend?
How do I avoid getting nervous while talking to an elderly person?
What should I do when someone has ignored me badly?
Why does my cat only talk and carry on conversations with me?
How can I make true friendships?
How do you make the first move on a guy if you’re shy?
How can I make friends quickly in this platform?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Should you ask someone whether they care about you or not?
Why does my female friend hold my hand in public?
How do you deal with people who think they are the best?
What is a good pre-sex conversation?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
Should I invite my dad to my graduation?
How do I deal with others who constantly ridicule me?
What is the best reply if someone asks me what my dream is?
Why is it easier to talk to a person by text while face to face conversations become awkward?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why do I find it hard to have female friends?
What does it mean when someone says "you are not good for my ego"?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Why do I think that everyone should like me?
How do you respond when someone says they like you and you like them back?
How do you make friends if you're 65 years old, you're sick but not terminal, and you never go anywhere but you would like to? How do you get started?
I’m travelling to California on a B-1 visa for a meeting. When the meeting ends, can I meet my friend who lives in New York before I leave for India?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
Is there a good way to prevent people from getting emotionally attached to you?
How can I get him to talk to me in person, not just text?
How can I deal with friends who talk to me just when they need money?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
How do you feel about peer pressure and how would you handle a situation where you saw someone being peer pressured into dangerous situations?
How does it feel to meet your friend after so many years?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
What should I ask when someone says “ask me anything”?
When we lose good friends, is it fair to say change is constant as an excusing statement?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
Most people I meet think of me as a rival or just a loser but not a friend. I avoid conflicts, stay humble, and mind my business. What's wrong with me?
How does it feel when a friend of yours or a person you care about is stubborn?
What do you do if your friends say something mean to your friend behind their back?
What makes us age?
What's the best way to leave an annoying conversation?
The art or ´rules´ of conversation are pretty simple, but they are pretty hard to put into practice, how come some people are so good at conversation?
How should I respond to people who criticize me for naming my child Peekaboo?
Is it normal for someone to make fake social profiles just to constantly spy on their friends and other people?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
How can I make fun of myself without loosing my respect or comming off as stupid?
Is it better off to cut off an immature friend?
How should I stop my friend from being an orthodox Hindu?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Why do I sometimes feel like I want to talk to someone even though I have nothing to talk about?
What does it mean when someone tells you أخت رجال?
How do you know if someone is a friend or a wolf in a sheep's clothing?
How do I start talking with the new students of my school? How do I try to make them my friends? What should I say first?
Is it possible to know if someone has updated their WhatsApp if I don't talk to them at all?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
Are there any tips for building up confidence to talk to strangers?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
How do I cope with a friendship fading?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
Me and my friend were talking about someone on Facebook. He has shown that chat to a person who is threatening me to put behind bars. What should I do?
There is a boy who lives down my street and he's always caught my attention. How do I initiate conversation when we've only met once (it was brief)?
Is it legal to hit someone if they call you fat and swear at you?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your parents about?
How can you tell if asking someone "how are you" produces an enthusiastic or aversive response?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
How do you respond when someone says, "I want to know you more.”?
Is it important to talk about problems?
I used to be talkative but now I'm very quiet. What should I do?
Is considering your close friend as a brother good?
A classmate shoved me, how should I treat him?
How do you react when someone passes a belittling comment at you in public?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
What are the different ways an expat can make friends in Nairobi?
Why do all of my friends disappear the second I stop leading our friendship?
How do you respond to "what are you gonna do about it"?
I like being alone at home, but I do strongly desire having a girlfriend & more social contacts & be popular. How do I do become good at being social?
Can a non-talkative person become successful?
If someone makes fun of one of their friends behind their backs, does that mean he/she is insecure?
When someone criticizes you, do you instantly get defensive, or do you listen and ask questions?
What do you reply to someone who says you are following bar culture just because you have a drink or two with your friends?
How does someone with serious paranoia talk?
How should you react when a boy says 'that's good for a girl'?
Is it acceptable to talk about yourself often?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What is the best way to tell someone's nature?
I've been very down lately and I've been wanting to talk to someone about it. What do I say to start the conversation?
How do I deal with a fake ex best friend and their new friends that never had a problem with you?
What do I say when others tell me that I'm not good enough?
How do you get along with a teacher you despise?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
Was it the right choice to end the friendship? I’ve just ended a very close friendship with a girl that I’ve known for over a year.
How can I help a friend reveal to another that he/she is homosexual?
How do I reply to an insulting person that will leave them speechless?
What does it mean when someone says you are a soft person?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
In school, I'm best friends with girls, but, as a boy, my parents want me to only have male friends. Should I stop having female friends?
What are substitutes and compliments?
Why is everyone ignoring “neetug17dateextension”?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
Is it actually possible to make friends after the age of 25, and how do I do it?
If a flight attendant doesn't make eye contact when talking to a customer, what would be your reaction?
What does it mean when someone is called quirky?
How can I attract a playboy model?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
Does it mean a roommate dislikes me if he immediately says hi and talks to the other roommates and never talks to me?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
How do you get along with English people?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
I keep having a dialogue in my head about a friend saying awesome things about me to other people that would "wow" them. Why am I doing this?
How can I wire my own jaw shut so that I can't talk?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
Why do other people always have to talk bad behind your back even when you haven't had any kind of conflict?
What’s the best response for "Do you have a PhD"?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
What do I tell somebody who is being a jerk and who thinks they can beat me up?
What do you say when your friend feels like no one likes them?
What is the best way to respond to someone asking me what my religion is?
How do you think consciousness came into existence?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
I'm introvert. I don't find topics to talk besides work. What can I talk to boss so it doesn't sound too friendly? How can I develop skill to talk?
Does extra testosterone and aggression give you social intelligence and more power in social situations?
Is it important to be able to accept compliments?
What is something that you secretly wish more people would do for you socially and that they wouldn't do out of fear?
How can I make friends with autism?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
How can I get in touch with a girl who I used to talk to but now we barely see each other and most times we end up in awkward conversations?
Why don't I have a best friend or a close friend?
When a friend "dumps" you, do you get a chance to say how you feel?
What should I say when someone doesn't know where my home country is?
Why are some men shy around women?
How do I market myself on a resume and in an interview when I have a crippling level of social awkwardness (graduate with a bachelor’s degree)?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
What are the reasons why someone would be awkward?
Should I go back and call my haters and doubters after being successful or just ignore and let them know generally via social media?
How can I be the best at talking & winning others’ hearts?
How do I tell a friend I don't like her anymore?
How often should I call/text friends I don't see everyday?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
Are there good resources on perfecting the art of conversation, not aimed at shy or clueless people?
How do I convince my friend to not move schools?
How do I become better with meeting new people or getting a girlfriend if I'm socially awkward?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
What is the best reply to a guy asking me if I'm single?
How should I react to a person I used to call 'uncle' who passed subtle sexual remarks at me a few days back?
Have I done anything wrong in trying to get a girl through underhand means?
Which is better: hanging out with friends or studying?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
How do I maintain friendships and become a better friend?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
What should I do to get back my male friend after I ignored his feelings when he was depressed?
How do I stop talking to people altogether, even my friends?
I’m a 16 year old boy. How can I make friends?
How does one make friends in New York City?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What are the best statements for ending conversation?
What is wrong with me socially?
Does it help to talk to yourself once in a while?
How can one make teenagers talk and engage for future readiness?
How can a man start conversation with foreign girls?
Are bisexual female friends more likely to feel super-happy for their male friends if their male friend ends up dating an attractive female?
Who is the first person you turn to when you have good news to share? Is it the same person or people when you have to vent or share some bad news?
Why are Indian teenage girls not allowed to hang out with their friends?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
When you know that your friend is cheating on you and talking about you behind your back, what do you do?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
Am I the only person who panics when someone gets vocally upset at me for doing something that is not illegal?
Is it awkward to refollow the friends who have been unfollowed me?
Why do I get shy around certain men?
If a guy says he thinks you're pretty or cute, does that mean he's not sexually attracted to you?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Is self-consciousness a bad personality trait? What are the pros and cons of being self-conscious?
How can I make friends stop making fun of me?
Why do people think it's cool to shorten my name when I explicitly introduce myself with my full name?
How do I stop feeling bad when people make fun of me for not clearing JEE?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
What do you say when someone calls you fat, then says sorry?
Why does this girl say hi but doesn't reply afterwards?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
I see ugly guys dating gorgeous, "hot" women all the time. I, too, am not very attractive but I'm not doing well with the ladies. What's their secret?
Do the Chinese and the Japanese get along well?
What's a good excuse to tell your parents you don't want to hang out with them?
How do I make my apathetic friend snap out of it?
Do you develop your own systems for dealing with specific social interactions (what would I do if…) and do you advise others to?
What are some hacks for having a good conversation?
What do I do when others do all the talking and direct the conversation back to themselves and never listen to me?
Is it stupid that I want to leave my friend?
What are some cheesy conversation starters?
When someone asks where you are from, how do you respond?
What is the medical condition of talking to yourself called?
Why do I have trouble interacting with people?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
What does the guy really mean when he asks what makes you want to talk to him and what made you want to actually continue talking to him?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
Is it okay to have less female friends?
My closest friends (who're also colleagues) have now become very toxic and treacherous. How can I remove them from my life?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How I can deal with a feeler person?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
How can I improve my conversation skills?
What are the words we need to avoid in a conversation?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
If anyone said I could talk with him for his entire life, how should I react?
How can I tell someone I don't want to work with them?
How can I see others’ conversations in WhatsApp?
How should a salesperson respond to an elderly customer who says “I don’t need the protection agreement because I don’t plan on living much longer.”?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
How do you tell your best friend you like him without ruining your friendship because he's gay?
How can we differentiate between well-wishers and enemies (as I got betrayed every time from the ones I thought of as my friends)?
What are the things you shouldn't do while talking?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
How would you respond to someone who shares way too much about something you don't care about without sounding rude?
I've all of the sudden regressed from being talkative. I used to be more outspoken. Is this strange?
Why do you like your friends?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
How can I get rid of my irritating friends?
What safety tips do you have for online dating?
What are the reasons that some people are shy?
Can we stop being boastful when someone asks a question? I know there are a lot of educated people here. Can't you just be nice when responding?
What does it mean when my boyfriend says it’s ok to talk to an old friend even though you ended on bad terms with them?
When someone says I am photogenic, is it a compliment? Does it mean I don't look good in real life?
How do you tell someone that you appreciate them when they think you really don't?
What is it like to live alone in college instead of with a roommate or friend?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
Did you ever want to say thank you to someone, but were unable to do it?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
Why do people "friend" others on Facebook, but never interact with them? Is it considered rude to remove them after months of no interaction?
Have you ever lost a friend?
How are auctioneers able to talk so fast?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
How can I get my mom to let me hang out with my guy friends?
Are you proud of your country or do you wish to be born in another country?
What Do you think about most of the time?
Should I stop hanging out with my friend?
Where should I hit someone to give them a dead arm?
If someone we're talking to is uncomfortable, how can we make them more comfortable?
Why does it seem as if my friend is ignoring me but she really talks to me at some point?
Has someone approached you on Quora to know you personally or for dating? How did you respond?
Which is the better way to live, with friends or without friends?
How can I improve my philosophical/social/ideological thinking skills?
How would I ask for someone's Snapchat without being creepy/weird?
How can you fully know someone if you don’t know their deepest secrets?
Did someone have sex with Kajal Agarwal in the industry?
How can one have an interesting conversation with a stranger and keep it going till you become good friends?
What is wrong with my Tinder photos?
How do I tell the difference between someone who is joking and someone who is devaluing me?
How can I know someone's feeling by only talking with them?
Is it okay to compare people?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
Do I have to be talkative to become a manager?
How can I make Chinese friends?
How can gay people make friends with straight people?
How do I handle the loss of a friend?
Why am I always pushed around?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Should you tell a friend that what they are doing makes you uncomfortable?
Does a conversation become irrelevant from the moment we are no more talking about the debate but about the words we used to express our thoughts?
Why is it instinctively difficult to approach someone one likes?
How can I get better at talking with friends?
How do I start a conversation with a guy that I'm attracted to at work?
How does one make real new friends from the UK?
Why do people say that they know you? What are their criteria for knowing someone? How do you know someone?
In my group of friends, I'm the smartest. They always ask if I can give them the answers. What should I do?
What will you do if you run out of conversation with your girlfriend?
Did you ever had a friend who talked with you only to satisfy their own selfish motives. How do you deal with the aftereffects?
If someone has a negative first impression of you, is it best to stay away from them?
Should you tell someone that you like him when he likes someone else?
Is it wrong if I don't have friends?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
What does it really mean when someone says they still hold a flame for you?
What are the possible reasons that conversations run dry with friends for periods of time?
How can an international student find its own group in college?
How can you forgive a person who gossips about you?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I get my roomates to shut up?
How do you deal with someone in your group who always objects to being included in photographs and spoils the photos?
Do people who are dateable underestimate the level of social skills it takes for others to become dateable?
Is it rude to tell people that they misspelled something during a presentation?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
What quality in others makes you want to slap them?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How should one tackle negative people?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What does it mean when a female is looking into your eyes while having a conversation but is rapidly switching between both of your eyes?
This girl and I have both fallen for each other, but she is scared that her past will hurt me, and so is building a wall against me. What should I do?
How do I stop being rude and make peace with parents?
What makes Heta Vaishnani likable?
What's the best way to message a girl you like but whom you haven't talked to in a couple of weeks? (I have social anxiety.)
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
Why did a popular kid at my school say hi to me, when I never spoke a word to him before? I basically just talk to my friends, who aren't popular.
How can talking to strangers change your life?
How can I make him feel comfortable talking to me?
Is it rude to ask someone if they invest/what they invest in?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
How do you tell your best friend you like her without losing her friendship?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
Why do my classmates keep disregarding/ignoring me? Does it have to do with my appearance? They have no reason to be doing this in the first place.
Is talking with someone while travelling wrong?
Was there ever a time in history where everyone got along? And will all humans ever get along?
What are some topics you don't like talking about with the opposite gender?
How do I remove the fear of what other people say to me?
Why does it hurt every time someone close to you starts ignoring you? Why can't we get used to it when it happens repeatedly?
How do I avoid my nervousness while talking to girls?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
How do you get along with odd co-workers?
Have you ever noticed that most girls won't initiate a conversation on Tinder?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What do I do with these fake friends?
I’m a college (international) student. I tried to make friends, but they think I’m boring and a nerd. I'm stressed. What should I do?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
What tests can you do to find out if a person is a fake friend?
If I'm planning to become a financial adviser, could I only recruit my acquaintances or the acquaintances of my acquaintances?
Why do I fall for guys more often in comparison to my other female friends?
Am I overly sensitive or is my friend being disrespectful to me in front of people?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Can I take advantage of my anxious friend?
How do you know if you're friends with someone because you genuinely are similar or because you just want a friend to hang around with?
An annoying student sits alone at lunch in my school. Should I sit with them myself?
How is it possible that I can dream conversations I have never had with people I know in great detail?
How should I respond if someone insult me in public or private?
What's the difference between someone who is socially adept versus someone who’s not?
Do I need to party to meet people while at university?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
What would you tell someone who was betrayed by the only person they trusted, and therefore can't trust or connect with others anymore?
Why is that, if I ask someone to stop licking his fingers, he takes it personally and gets offended and upset?
Does friendship nowadays last a lifetime?
How can I explain to my beloved friend that a bot has crashed my Pinterest feed and that's why we can't talk?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
What do I say if someone congratulates me?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
How do I stop talking to a girl who is anxious and preoccupied?
What part time job could improve my social skills?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
How do I not be shy around girls?
How do I stop acting so awkward around acquaintances?
Is it bad to tell people that your confidence is low?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Would you make fun of me for wearing cartoon undies?
Should a person improve their social skills if they're an introvert, meaning they hate socializing?
What are some date conversations that have turned you on?
How do I deal with my overly attached friend?
I am funny, caring, clever and a quick learner. I am a 22-year-old boy and getting irritated. Why do people ignore me, treat me as a stranger?
How do you manage rude people you meet?
My friend wrote a subliminal status about me, should I call them out?
What is the difference between minisymposium talk and contributed talk?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
Why do I feel ashamed/disgusted of myself after a social interaction with "normal" people?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
Would guys let a female friend hug them if she asked for permission?
Do you have a friend who gets you in trouble instead of helping you?
What should I do if my friends hurt me without any reason?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
Have you ever gotten aroused in an awkward situation and how?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
What's a list of questions you might ask a random person you just met to get to know what makes them feel unique?
Should I keep trying or stop talking to her?
How do I avoid making friends?
What are some topics to talk about with an internet penpal?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
What are your thoughts on someone responding with "not a problem"?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What is the best way to talk to her?
How can I tell my ex that I miss her like hell and still love her via text?
What are the signs which show that someone is not interested in talking to you?
Why is my friend always hard on me but not other women?
How can someone know whether he or she will become successful?
I have a reputation of being a mean and rude person, but am simply lonely (have zero friends). How do I make friends without appearing mean?
What is considered a good reason to call the police dispatch in Colorado to do a wellness check on a loved on?
How do I start a conversation with an online prospect?
If I'm arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me and they do, is it still considered battery/assault?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
How can I blend in with local people at a new place?
How do you initiate conversation with a girl you have a crush on and who you admire every time she is nearby, of which she is aware?
How do I find anyone that needs someone to talk to about his/her life over texts?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
Should I try to build a friendship?
Why don’t my friends appreciate all the advice I give them?
Do people still hang out with friends from college after college?
How do I start a conversation online with a girl I don't really know?
How do I talk to a very shy, loner guy?
Do you think that there are true friends?
What should we do to keep ourselves safe from social pressure?
How do I stop being the friend no one likes?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
How do you get along with the English?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
How do you cope when you live in isolation and have no friends or current job?
What do you do if someone criticises you unnecessarily?
How should I deal with my former best friend who is toxic for me and brutally bullying me?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
How do I get my family to stop talking about my weight?
What would be your reaction if you farted loudly in a gathering?
How can I learn to talk effectively if people say I'm talkative? How can I talk less and faster in India?
What is the best way to say “Hi”?
How do I prank someone who asks me to get them a Big Mac?
Does the fact that I liked him playing with my hair mean I like my friend?
How do you stop devaluing yourself around people you've just met?
Is this shy guy avoiding me?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
Should I drop my "friend"?
Can a person in a coma hear me talk to them?
Can my friend access all my outgoing and incoming calls if I recharge with my friend’s account?
I need new friends, what can I do?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
What are the best places in India for a freelancer to live in and meet new people? I already live in a metro and want a break from the traffic and rat race.
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
How do I handle an annoying Dutch guest? All she wants to do is shop but not spend a single penny. I already lost enough money on her shopping.
What should I say about myself?
If you already have someone’s phone number and you want to ask them out, should it be done in person, or can it be done over the phone?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
How do you respond to people who ask how much you earn?
Is there an app that can respond by saying "ok, got it", "yes, I understand" based on what I ask? Something that can be configured to respond like that.
Should you tell someone if you're going to leave or not?
How can I help my (special) friend who doesn't believe a word I say?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
Why don't I like it when my friends talk to someone who hurt me (who I'm not friends with anymore and who knows what they did)?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
A girl tried to talk to me but clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How do I implicitly tell someone that I don't like him/her?
Do you want to make an international friend?
What do I do if I am talking to someone and they keep randomly interrupting me and switching topics?
How do people socialise when they have very limited financial resources?
How do I tell if I enjoy programming?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
How can I get my social life back at 20?
How big does a group of friends get before a popular clique is likely to develop?
Can you tell about the terrible friend you had?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
She wants to be friends. Now she is getting married. I’m trying to let our friendship fade away, but she really likes me as a friend. What do I do?
How do I deal with a neighbor who I suspect has a personality disorder?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
Can I find out when I became friends with someone if we are no longer friends?
What would people over 40 want to tell someone in their 30s?
I'm a shy girl, how can make myself exist?
Why can't I stop talking to myself?
What is the social life like for bachelors in the IFS? Are they allowed to date locals in the countries in which they’re stationed?
How do I approach a pretty girl in a bar?
How do I convince my classmates that I’m not gay?
How can I have a good conversation with someone I don't know well/ just met without reducing to small talk?
Do you talk with yourself?
What are the ways to convince your best friend who is mad at you for the reason you don't know?
Is it fine to start a stupid conversation to break the silence or better to keep silent?
How do I text people? I don't know what to talk about with others.
My friend keeps biting me for no reason. What should I do?
How not to end a conversation?
Would you consider continuing a friendship if your "friend" attempted to drug you?
Say you're off to an outrageous adventure with someone; what and where will it be?
How do I spend time with my male friends and not jump on them whenever I meet them?
Should my boyfriend stop seeing his dance partner (just hobby dancing), since we choose to stay together? She’s hitting on him a lot and I hate her.
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How can I make friends and not be lonely?
What is a good comeback if someone calls you gay and you're not?
How do artists deal with people who don't have any idea of his work and make fun of it?
What does an index finger wave mean?
What is the most appreciated way to respond when someone says they lost their parent as a child?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
Is one considered unsocial if he/she doesn't drink?
What are the best conversation tips to date any girl from abroad?
Who am I supposed to talk to when I have negative thoughts or am stressed? Should I talk to my boyfriend or someone else?
Is it easy for a Pakistani to make friends with locals in London at school?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
Is it right to ask someone important to you/someone you care about "what they think of you"?
What do you do, when a mother creates embarrassing situations for you because she is only focused on herself and always speak about everything?
How can you distance yourself from a friend?
How does one normally meet new people in online communities, specifically Quora and Reddit?
How can I contact K. K. Menon personally to talk to him?
Is it shameful to not have friends?
Can a woman experience orgasm during an online chat?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
Do your parents/friends care about you being Quora-famous?
How can I stop being a friendly person when it's generally my nature to be pleasant to people?
How do I deal with these "friends" of mine?
What are the most subtle strategies that people use when they do not care about what you say?
How do you change friend groups?
Should I say anything to my friend about feeling let down by a miscommunication?
Do you ever feel horrible about yourself when no one wants to talk to you?
How do I get rid of my shyness when talking to beautiful girls?
What is the best thing to do when someone humiliates / insults you?
How do you deal with people that patronize and talk down to you?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
How can I make friends on War Thunder on the PS4?
How do I tell girls that my piece is "crazy effective" without being rude or disrespectful?
Are people with broader friendship networks usually lower-maintenance?
How do I talk to boys?
What is the reason why people become friends with certain people?
How do you deal with intimidating neighbours? They do things on purpose to provoke a reaction, which is affecting me. I have extreme social anxiety.
I might have lead on my best friend into thinking I like him. I might want to end it but don't want to ruin our friendship. What do I do?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
Is it good to call someone a prophet?
Why would somebody who wants to be friends with others not reveal their true identity?
How do I loot 2,000 in JioChat, without referring 200 friends?
Why is it hard for most people to keep a conversation going?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
How do I make close friends with a foreigner & how do I keep in touch if we live in different countries?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
How do I stop being uncomfortable with strangers?
How do I talk to a guy when my friends told him that I like him, but I've never talked to him before?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
My boyfriend told me to fuck off during a fight and stopped talking to me. What should I do?
Is it pathetic if a person gladly accepts anyone as a friend because they have no other friends?
Why don’t they talk to me like an adult?
Why do we lose friends when we get good marks, is it jealousy?
What is an unusual place to meet women or just new, interesting people?
Is there someone I can go to to make me the best looking I can possibly be?
Why would a girl be very trusting, despite not actually even being that close as friends?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
Is it really very necessary to socialize when the mentality do not match?
What would you do if your spouse keeps avoiding having a conversation about having children or keeps saying not yet?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
How do I show sympathy to someone who says I don't know what they've been through?
I like my best friend. For the last three weeks, she has been ignoring me. Now she is talking to me again. What should I think?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
How should I react when someone says she deserves better?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
How do I stop being nervous when people look at me?
Why do I have to be in conflict with someone before I can get really close to them?
How do you respond to stupid point less arguments and accusations?
What can I do to seem less bored and tired when I talk to people?
How do I stop my feelings for a friend? We can’t marry. I am about to leave the city, and a part of me is sad to leave him. We were more than friends.
How do you deal with a shy person?
How do I get my hot neighbor to notice me?
What are good topics on English literature for presentations?
My crush always stares at me and quickly looks away when I catch him yet he never talks to me. Is he just shy or am I reading too much into it?
Why am I always socially isolated?
How should a good friend be?
What does it mean, if a guy never talks to you first on FB but answers you immediately when you talk to him? Is he just nice?
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
How can I, as an ENTP female, make good friends?
Why do people get hurt when friends of the same sex ignore them?
How did your friendship end?
How can I get the president to talk to me and my family if I need help?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
Why should I reply when someone says "I'm trying to copy you"?
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
How do I avoid people?
What does it take to be your best friend?
Which is better at boosting social skills, cannabis or alcohol?
What kinds of topics do you not talk about with people you've recently met?
How do I avoid awkwardness without small talk?
Why doesn't good health, education, and a stable career fill the void I feel inside myself?
My friend is going out with an unknown person(might be a kidnapper/criminal). What should I do? I don’t want to get into trouble while helping her.
What are the different categories of social skills?
What kind of people do you like to deal with?
How can you help someone to shed the baggage of their past? What are the best ways to bring someone fully into the present and to prepare them for the future?
Is it a threat to my safety to try and talk to skinheads?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
Why do people talk negatively about darker people?
My family, bf, and friend never really care for me or even to put up some times to listen to me. Who should I talk to?
How do I deal with a friend who is constantly borrowing money, insulting and rude?
What does it mean when someone says they "Don't trust your judgement"?
How do you say “Aloha” endearingly to a close friend?
What do you do when your good friend keeps fishing for compliments and you don't feel like going along with it?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
My friend and everyone I know is graduating. This makes me feel very horrible. What should I do?
How should I talk to someone who has just been rescued from a suicide?
How can I stop being so shy when reaching out to others?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
How do I socialize with new people in Dubai?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
Why might it be better for someone with BPD to not talk about their condition with others?
What is the best thing to say when someone compliments you?
How do I improve my social skills without compensating myself?
How can I convince myself when people don’t respond to my smile?
How often should I say hi to people when I pass by them?
How can I make friends when everyone's already grouped? I am a 15 year old girl and I am also not good at making friends.
Why would telling the truth make someone healthier?
Have you ever got aroused in an awkward situation, and how?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
What level of friendship should the manager maintain with the team?
What's the best seating plan for a big group of friends at a restaurant, for everybody to be able to interact actively?
How do you deal with personal inconsistency?
How do you deal with someone who has demonized you?
I am too shy to exist in social media. How can I improve?
What's the best way to deal with bigoted friends in a small school?
What should I do when someone says bad things about me because of my personal life, and I don’t want to live?
How can I learn to accept myself and stop trying to be someone else in the way I dress, talk, and act?
If no one values me, neither my friends nor anyone else, then what should I do?
How can I keep envy out of my friendship?
What should I do when I feel like my friends are alienating me?
How do I get out of a one-sided conversation?
Will you add a stranger on Facebook who would ask what the CSS stands for?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
I used to talk to a girl all the time and we were good friends but I am shy so I never talked to her in person so we stopped. What should I do?
Why does she take so long to text back?
How do I start a conversation with a person, so that they will never get bored with me?
Why does my friend's brother get too shy when I go to her home?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I become the most likeable person at work?
How should you respond when someone tells you that most men are bad people?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
As a new home owner, how did you introduce yourself to your neighbors when your neighbors are substantially different from you?
Someone I was sitting next to and I burped at the same time. What does this mean?
Where should I take a girl I've never had a conversation with in person on a date? A restaurant? A movie?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Why do some people find it awkward to talk about serious topics?
Why is there a stereotype that the British don't talk to strangers?
What is the easiest and the most cost friendly way to make a sidewalk?
How do I tell my friends and family I have social anxiety?
How do I say hi to a new student?
What should I do to be or feel most alive in public places with acquaintances and strangers?
How can I deal with someone who has no respect for my property?
Is it okay to not be friends with my fiancé's friends? When they come over, I don't even care to be in the room to say hello.
How could introverts learn to become more social and hold comfortable and meaningful conversations for both parties?
Why do guys randomly stop talking to girls?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
Should you ignore someone who ignored you?
What's the best reply for thank you?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How can I talk to the girl I like who stays in a group?
Is there difference between my friend and a friend?
I’m worried about my sadistic friend what should i do?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
Why do I never shut up in the shower?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Should I be friends with someone who insults my boyfriend?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
Is it normal to have awkward silences with my boyfriend?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
If someone talks negatively about your country, what you will do?
What is the appropriate way for a military officer to respond to insubordination?
What do you do when younger relatives ask for money, after they told you they don't want to talk to you? Should I call them out?
Why would a girl avoid talking?
Why should I trust anyone? After all, everyone will stab you in the back sooner or later!
How can I help my 19 year old develop social skills and friendships?
What's the best dating website for single males seeking females?
How do you call someone who is not interested in politics?
How remain do I stay composed when someone ignores or humiliates me?
A coworker likes to skate. Should we go out as friends if this person accepts the offer?
How can I make a lot of friends? How many friends does actually one need?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
How can I feel comfortable with my height?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
How would you respond to someone that said happiness is "complacency"?
How do I prevent others from taking control over me?
I am shy and lonely. I am employed in a company. Everyone around me are promoted and move up the ladder. Would somebody tell me what I should do?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
How can I get my friend to depilate?
I joined a community group at my church and the leader seems unpresent with me. Should I keep going to this group?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What is the best way to ignore a person you like?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
Which would you do if you were verbally bullied for months, fight back or report it to the school authorities?
What is the best reply to someone saying "… and I am ok with that"?
As a RCB fan, how should I react when people tease me?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
What is the best way to start a conversation online with someone and transition it to real life?
What is the best trick to talk with anyone confidently over phone?
I have a friend on FB who keeps randomly cursing (possibly about sports). How can I tell her that she should add what she's watching to her status?
How can I become friends with a police officer as a student?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
Whenever I want to talk with someone, my thoughts turn negative and people get hurt. What should I do?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm used to get used by other's?
How do I ask for WiFi politely?
Have you ever started and maintained a conversation with a stranger online (e.g. on Quora)?
Why are some people not shy?
When meeting someone for the first time, do you find yourself announcing your title or what you for a living?
What does it mean when a woman smiles at you behind someone, but will not smile front of this person?
How do I find my mom's old friend?
How do I start a conversation with a stranger (a female) in India without sounding creepy?
Did I do the right thing by trying to talk things out with another mom about our sons' fight?
How can i avoid being emotionally manipulated?
How can I deal with homophobic talk from "friends" and people I hang out with, as a closeted lesbian?
How do I ask for restaurant recommendations without being rude?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
Is there any way to know what the wrongs are that I am doing each day without asking anyone?
Why has my good female friend's behavior changed a lot towards me? She is behaving completely differently but is playful with all of the males.
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How can I dress to impress my best friend who always body shames me and who thinks everyone else is beautiful except me?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
Can​ someone tell me what are the unknown facts hidden in the Mahabharat which are not prominently discussed?
How do I find friends with the same success hungry attitude as myself, as there are none around me?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
Who were you and who are you?
How many friends do you have, and do you think all of them are your true friends?
My classmates are teasing me with a girl's name whom I like, what should I tell them?
How does one make friends if they despise small talk?
How can I become social in a new school?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
Why do people act differently when talking over the internet?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
How do you feel when the person you want to talk is not online?
How can I display confidence through my eyes? I'm tired of people trying to bully me because they think they are superior.
Who is the best divorce photographer in San Francisco?
How can you avoid being needy when you only have a couple of friends?
How can I know whether my best friend is a true friend or not?
How do I stop worrying about my past?
Why is my friend protective of me? (We're both girls.)
How do you maintain a friendship with someone overseas?
How can I authenticate someone I met online?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Why is my best friend ignoring me on purpose, but is extremely active towards other people? I can’t talk to him about it. What should I do?
How can I make friends being a teenager?
What does it mean when someone talks a lot about their work?
A man has seven friends. If the first friend meets him every night, the second meets him on the second night, the third on the third night, and so on -after how many days will they all meet together?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do narcissists hate when you say you are happy and made new friends?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
What's the proper way of receiving a compliment, without sounding to conceited or arrogant?
What do you say when you help someone all the time and when it comes time for them to help you they say they don't owe you anything?
What does it mean when someone calls you a hustler?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
How can I keep separate from my friend who has nothing to offer me?
Why does she rarely initiate talking, but when I initiate it, it regularly lasts 30 mins? Does she like me?
How do I recover an old friend?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
What makes Sonali an adorable friend of Somal?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
Is it strange to see someone you don't know and feel from the way they talk and behave that you would be extremely good friends?
If you were nice to someone and they started being an asshole to you, what would you need to hear to ever want to talk to that person again?
What do you call a person who loves making friends?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
What happens to a listener when a person says (with attitude) that he/she knows a lot of stuff, but in reality he/she doesn't know anything?
Why can't I have guy friends?
Someone asked me what is suicide and I suddenly uttered “it's your defeat.” Am I right?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
Is it normal to feel bad when a friend only talks about himself/herself all the time?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
What's the best thing to do when people talk about others to you?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do you reject politely when someone is asking you to send a photo of yours?
Should I talk to the girl I like?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
How can I say someone has a beautiful face, without sounding like flirting or hitting on them?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
Should we give too much respect to son-in-law?
How should I start an online conversation?
How do you talk to a girl that snubs people?
How can I be a more charming person if I don't have the looks? Also, I'm not very talkative or expressive.
How common is it for entrepreneurs to not get along super-well with parents?
Why has all the effort I made for a special friend to get his attention actually pushed him away? Is there anything wrong with being so generous?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
How can I get Jordan Yates to follow me around socially and virtually?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How can I stop telling myself, that I shouldn't see me as an artist because creativity doesn't come naturally to me?
How can I handel a person who mentally and verbally tormented me earlier and now talks sweetly to me?
What is friendship?
What should I do if I find a person who doesn't want to speak to me?
How do I become a better conversation starter?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
What do you think about temporary friendships? Are they real or fake?
What is the last nice thing you did for someone?
Why does nobody reply to me when I greet to them in a friendly way on Quora?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
How do I start a conversation with an acquaintance online?
How do I say no to a girl without hurting her?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
What do you do if you can't get along with someone who you can't avoid meeting every day?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do I expand my social circle and meet more people in college?
How can I tell someone that they are stupid without offending them?
How do I stop someone from bossing me around?
How can humans get along with the environment?
Why do people make fun of me for being asexual?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
I get over excited when I talk to new girls. How do I stop this?
My sister is angrily talking to herself, what needs to done?
How do you open yourself up again after losing a friend?
What is a good metaphor for someone who needs attention?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
What should I do to my backstabbing friends?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
How can I seem friendly?
I've liked this guy for a while now. We talk over text and Snapchat and it's not awkward. What I've noticed is he's really awkward in person. Why?
What will you do if your bestie thinks that you are ignoring him/her because you got a few new friends?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
Why do I feel awkward or sometimes even anxious when I'm talking or hanging out with good friends or my parents?
Is there something wrong with me? I can't cheer up my friends.
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
How should I talk to somebody who has cancer?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
How do you tell the difference between someone playing victim or someone genuinely having a hard time?
How do you keep your head up when people are spreading bad rumors about and you can afford to move?
How can I overcome anxiety when talking with other people? How can I get rid of being socially awkward?
What is friendship like as we get older?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
How do you interact with someone who exhibits a negative/unfriendly attitude towards you in a social setting?
What am I doing wrong that prevents me from making friends?
Just because I had a bad experience with one group of friends, why does that make me scared of getting close to others?
It’s so awkward when I call my friends over to my house, and my parents ask them which caste they belong to. How should I deal with this?
If you were to talk about anything in a short time, what would it be?
How do I know if my friends are real and they respect me?
How do you become really close to someone who is generally closed off?
Why can't I just be 'me' in social interactions? Why do I have to scheme to fit in?
How can I become friends with Xi?
When you're a person who has gone through sexual abuse, will you ever get comfortable around guys? How long will it take? I’m tired of being afraid.
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
Is it that bad if I refuse an offer to hang out because I am not interested?
A guy friend who I don't talk anymore after a recent fight still follow my Instagram? Why?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
Why did my friend (girl) avoid seeing me?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
If someone says “I am going to do what I got to do”, what is the best reply?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
A friend insulted me in a WhatsApp group. Now, I am afraid to face people as they will laugh and make fun of me. What do I do? I didn’t do it on purpose.
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
How do I impose my will on every person I meet?
How can I deal with one guy who is jealous of me everytime and try to interrupt and put me down by keeping track of what I am doing?
Is it wrong if you don’t want to be friends with anyone?
How would you react if someone you didn't know knocked on your door and asked if you were okay?
How come I can speak to people normally and have a decent amount of friends but I get overwhelmingly nervous when giving presentations?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
My friend suggested sex, I turned it down, next day texted back "might not hurt". Did I mess up our friendship?
How can I make friends with a foreigner? Do you live in Xi'an?
What are social skills and why are they important?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
What does it mean when someone sees you and says that you are “fine as wine”?
How do I behave around my male friend who is ignoring me in real life and only likes to chat with me?
Is it alright for a man who's committed in a relationship to be meeting new women just as friends?
Can I fight someone who says racist stuff to me?
How should I react when my best friend constantly hurts me about my skin color?
What is difference between being friendly and being cheap?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
What are the weird/absurd/random messages that girls get from strangers/friends on any platform?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
How should I react when people criticize me?
What is the best opening line to start a deep conversation?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I talk to my mother about my rape? She knows about it but brushed it off and didn't want to talk about it, but now I feel like I need to talk.
How hard is it for a shy girl to start a conversation over text with her crush?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I make friends at 20?
How would you thoroughly clean the home of someone who is allergic to dust, without making it worse for them?
Why don't I like physical contact with my family? (hugging, kisses, leaning and sitting next to them)
Which friends do you like, before or after they change?
How do I avoid people who disrespect me because I don't talk much and never respond to their bad behaviour?
What are some good yes/no questions that I can add in an app that I am making for my female best friend?
Why do my classmates try be friend with me?
Short lived interests, what does that say about someone?
How do you keep consistent conversations with women?
What should one say in reply to “nasai kala”?
What are the best schools for foreigners to be able to make friends in London?
What are the proper words to say when someone tells you that a relative has died?
How do I keep a genuine smile like yours when people are mean to me?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
Can I reply “my pleasure” when someone replies “you are welcome” to my “thank you”?
What does it mean if a person don't want to talk to you or have eny incoming with you and less interested?
What are the implications of going up to someone important and saying a risky introduction?
How do I approach a friend that I feel is lying to me?
How do you ask somebody if they like your friend?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
I sit in front of a girl who I think seems cool and is pretty. How do I talk to her so I can get to know her better?
Have you struck a conversation with a stranger and regretted having done it later?
How can you tell when someone is teasing you to be mean or if they're teasing as friends?
My friend talks about race too much, how do I make him stop?
How do I tell if someone likes me when they never show their emotions?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
Is it rude to ignore someone if they are bothering you?
How many friends can you really trust in times of need?
How do I respond when people think I'm the boss' son but I'm not?
Is there a way to tell someone that they smell nice without sounding creepy?
What could be the best reply for F*ck off?
I have good social skills, but I often feel phony when using them. What should I do?
How can teenagers make friends in a big city?
How do I make friends with an existing group of friends?
What is best response you can give if someone takes you as a kid?
How do I open up to friends?
What stops people from being straightforward to those they consider friends?
How do I handle dumb friends without hurting them?
How do I excel in life as a highly sensitive yet socially awkward introvert?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
In class, I told someone to "shut up" during a test because he was talking. Now I look like a bad guy and everyone is ganging up on me. What do I do?
How could someone best respond to "It doesn't matter, you wouldn't believe me even if I told you”?
If the person only texts me when they're bored at night, and need to kill the time, what am I to them?
Is it worth it to get close to a person who you barely have something in common?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
How do you tell a person that he/she smells?
My friend is doing articleship in dilloite. Should I send my CV to him or try in such firms without reference?
How do I mingle with people in public places?
Is it wrong to talk to someone of the opposite gender daily?
Is there any app to take trips with strangers?
How do you tell someone they are judgmental?
What is the smartest thing to make somebody shut up after they call you gay?
What is a good career to pursue if you like to travel and meet new people?
He joked about having sex with baby mama. What would you do?
I want friends as a teen, but I'm so bad at keeping relationships. What should I do?
There is a joke about the cat was on the roof referring as an easy way to tell someone that someone died?
How do I tell my friend that I never said anything regarding his marks?
How do you think a Chinese person makes friends with foreigners?
How pathetic is it to be 30 and not have any friends?
How can I detect fake friends?
How can I stop getting messages from someone without hurting their feelings?
Is it rude to ask someone why they don't discipline their kids?
Why do groups of people/friends tend to misjudge a person’s character and alienate him/her, knowing full well it isn't true at all?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in high school?
How can I live without hurrying much but accomplishing everything?
Why do some people suddenly stop talking to you even though you were close?
Why should I pretend to be interested in a conversation that doesn't interest me?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
How can we improve our conversation skills in social gatherings?
Where can I find friendly & optimistic as well as safely adventurous people to befriend?
Is there a service that matches me up with people that have differing views from me?
How do you try to share your experience without making the conversation about yourself?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Where can someone in his thirties make new friends online?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
Should I be afraid to wear a fanny pack as a man?
What can I do to fit in with the popular crowd?
What if someone tried to hit on Asajj Ventress? How would she react?
How do I deal with friends who remember me when they have work but not when they’re having fun?
What is the most humourous way to reply when someone greets me on my birthday?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
Why do women touch my shoulder when I talk to them?
My fiance is not interested talking to me. What should I do?
If you are friends with a celebrity should you tell your other friends? Why or why not?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you conduct yourself with 'friends' who exclude you from activities and talk about them in front of you?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
How do I tackle a conversation with my boss who changes goal posts in every conversation?
I'm a new junior at a very large high school. How can I make friends with other juniors?
How should I help my friend with his GoFundMe?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
Is it possible for a sociopath to not be able to make friends?
How do you talk about established facts without sounding arrogant?
Should I stop trying to be friends with some one because I feel like I'm clinging on to them really fast?
When you're in front of someone who is using a computer and looking at the screen, where do you look at to not seem awkward?
Should I apologize after being insulted?
Should I trust someone who talks bad to others when they leave?
How do I chat with women in order to develop friendships?
What are some tips that can help people overcome social awkwardness?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
I'm an Indian guy currently staying in London and I don't have any friends here. What's the best way to meet new people here?
Why are selfies considered bad on dating sites these days?
What should I do when someone looks at me & says "autistic" and rolls their eyes and scowls?
Should I open up to someone close to me about how I was raped in my childhood?
When you meet somebody, what's the first thing you are curious to know about them in conversation?
Is it normal that I like to look at a guy, but I don't want to talk to him about it?
Is it rude to be shy around people you don't know well when you're a teenager?
What is the polite way to make a request for a project?
How do I make new friends, and how do I trust them?
Is it bad to picture myself sleeping with every person I meet?
How do I take a holiday without offending anyone?
Are you morally responsible for the advice you give?
Have you ever wished very badly that somebody (who is not a celebrity) was your one of your friends​ or family? Why?
How do you decline unappealing food at a friend's house?
How do you see someone’s profile who is private but they DM you and you don't want to accept because you don't know who it is?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
What are the basic rules to know when socializing with people?
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
How can you deal with someone who dictates to you the instructions and does not understand anything about them?
How do I say no to someone for a date without sounding rude?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
What is the best reply for a person who calls you fat?
What is the most polite way to turn down an offer you had accepted?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
How do I identify the right set of people, and consider them as good friends?
Who can I talk to about my problems?
What are some hints to take care of while inviting 10 German friends for a lunch party?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Whom should I talk to when I have no-one to talk to?
How can I stop being extremely uncomfortable in some quite normal situations with many people around me?
What are some useful ways to prepare in order to seem confident before going to a party, social gathering, out with friends, etc.?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
Why does my friend always act petty around me?
Is it too late to make friends?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
Why am I so scared of putting myself out there?
What is a good career for someone who likes talking to people?
Do shy people make it in the world?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
What do you do in your spare time if you are having trouble making friends?
Can you be my new friend?
How do I get respect from people? No one likes me except for 2 dudes.
How can I improve my social conversation with others?
Why don't my friendships last?
How do I stop apparently "looking shy" or "nervous" when I'm not even shy or nervous?
How can I overcome being an "ooch ouch" guy?
How do I speak easily with people when I see them for the first time on a train?
What do you do if your new acquaintances tease you in fun with people who genuinely don't like you?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
Does a legal drug exist that will help me with my social awkwardness and boost confidence?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Is it inappropriate to stay in contact with a manager that laid you off?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
How can I be more attractive to my female friend?
I've started to talk less and surround myself with less people. Is this just a teenage phase?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
What are some good conversation starters for a casual first date?
How do I ask someone if they want money for their service?
How can I get along with somebody who is envious toward me?
What can I do about my terrible social skills?
How do I deal with my best friend who is ignoring me when he got a new friend?
What value does CA have in the USA, the UK, and Australia ?
Why is it rude to tell someone they are ignorant and narrowminded if it is true?
If your dearest friend repeatedly insults you (in front of others) and insists it’s not a big enough deal to be discussed afterwards, what does it mean?
What do I do so that my new friends put in the same effort?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How do I meet new people and grow in a corporate when I am an introvert?
How can I become more proud so I won't get miserable if someone offends me?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
What level of friendship is self disclosure appropriate?
Explain the limits you should not cross in a friendship?
What do I say if someone responds with I appreciate your compliment?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
How can I politely and effectively stop someone saying "You can't take it with you (when you die)" as an excuse to be wasteful with money?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Did you follow someone then noticed that they intentionally ignore your comments?
How do I make people stop talking to me?
My friends beat me in class just for fun. What should I do?
What happens if you just stop participating in life? If you're just done?
Why do I have such a bad feeling after running into my middle-aged neighbour?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
It seems that when I like someone and then they like me back, I will like being with them for a little while and then I close myself off. Why is that?
We were only talking as friends, had good conversations, but suddenly he stopped talking to me?
What should I talk about with a girl so she doesn't get irritated or bored?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
How do I tell an acquaintance that I know when their birthday is without sounding creepy?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What should I do when I go to Toronto to meet my friend?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Do your friends mock you, behind your back for taking a reserved seat?
How do I reconcile with a former best friend who doesn't want to speak to me?
How would you handle the situation if your friend cheated on another friend of you for another person whom your were close to?
Do Virgos get along with Leos?
Why don’t hackers want to talk? They just want a job.
Why do I feel embarrassed to ask for my parents if I can hang out with my friends?
What should I do if anyone tries to be friendly with me?
How can I get a good friend in life?
The guy I was talking to changed his number. Can you give me some advice?
What is one friendship you are glad you ended and why?
What are the different ways to ask “What's up”?
When walking past someone, should you greet them/say hi?
What do I do in a party alone when my friends dance with somebody else?
Where can I find someone to talk to randomly?
What are the alternatives to rebuild the trust lost in friendship?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
How can I get rid of unwanted friends but still be in a healthy friendship?
What should I do if I talk to someone so politely and that person insults me?
What are the characteristics of a person who no longer is capable of maintaining a friendship?
What would you say to someone who wants to get into mindfulness but is having a hard time?
How can I ignore the person who lives with me? Can you give me good and relevant suggestions?
What do you think of a married woman has many male friends instead of female friends?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why don't I feel awkward during silence? It's just silence for me - there's nothing more to say/discuss. Thoughtful conversations require thoughts.
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
How can I get new friends to share what I’m feeling at the moment?
Why do people after the age of 30 stop having fun just because they have more responsibilities?
How do I deal with a teenager who has suddenly become very frustrated? He doesn't want to talk to me. He was a good boy. What went wrong?
How do I apologize to my close good friend for my actions that I did after being drunk and that I did on the very next day due to being hurt by some of her actions?
How do I interact with a person whom I don't like in a group of mutual friends?
What can I do when he is ignoring me like this?
My guy friend always pressures me to be more social or smile more, is this too controlling or does he just really care for my social well being?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
What do I do if I don't have a trusted adult to talk to?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
Why is there more judgment on women who have mostly male friends, and not on guys who have mostly female friends?
Should I stop talking to my friends, because I still like romantically one of them and seeing him with the other friend breaks my heart?
What can be the best way to say no?
Is being single forever socially good?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
How do you respond politely to someone when she flatters you?
Why do people these days lack the basic sense of starting a conversation?
Is it ever OK to hit a woman?
“Most women aren’t used to initiating conversations with guys.” Is replacing “to initiating” with “to initiate” in the sentence correct?
How can I make a foreigner friend in Bangalore?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
How can I stop talking almost entirely?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
Am I expected to sit next to the girl I'm going to prom with if we're just going as friends?
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
Is there any point trying to save a friendship that’s been drifting apart?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How do you put up an honest online dating profile without feeling like you're exposing "the personal you" to an audience that could include bosses, coworkers, and creepy people that you know in real life?
How do we fit into a social situation where we know we won't because of no interest in the topic whatsoever, but there's a compulsion to be a part of it?
How can you stay friends in an office without getting romantically involved?
What is a good comeback to someone calling you a slut?
How do I convince people to keep the streets clean when they don't care about it?
What's the best way to meet new people in Istanbul?
In a movie, how do you hang someone without hurting them?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
What should I do when a friend of mine is suddenly not chatting with me?
How am I supposed to react at people who make fun of themselves?
What should I say to foreign students if I want to make friends with them?
Some of my close friends say that I am changed now, but they don't know the situation from which I am passing. Should I give any explanation to them or not?
How can I start a conversation with beautiful girls?
Should I avoid my friend whom I am starting to have feeling for, as I am gay?
How do I reply in sayat.me?
How do I live with someone who is always accusing me of being a terrible person?
Which is the best site to talk with strangers?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How do you tell someone you have an STD?
How can you tell if someone is sincere when they do something for you or they have some other motive?
How do I reply when someone says, “You're a loser”?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
How do you react politely and refrain from someone who is clearly trying to get advantage of you?
How do I tell someone on Quora that I like them without coming off as creepy?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
How do I handle the situation when I am sitting beside a person in exam who doesn't know anything and continuously disturbs me?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
Is it normal that a girl in school ignores me and avoids talking to me because I'm not popular?
How can we make uninvited guests go back without hurting them?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
Do you have any current friends that you think you met in a past life?
How do I nicely tell someone that I don't like them?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
Being shy, how and where can I approach a girl without looking too weird?
Why don’t friends last a lifetime?
Should you hang out with some people if you can tell they are only inviting you out of pity?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
What if the destiny won't let two people meet but in real like they actually want to meet? Will everything go wrong when they meet?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Why do all my friends shake their heads whenever I tell them I like an Indian? (I am white.)
What do you say to someone who underestimates himself by talking bad about his appearance?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
How do I get my male roommate to curse less?
How could I make the best impression to a stranger?
How often should we text friends?
Is it possible to become more social as an adult, never having had these skills previously? If someone is introverted, can they learn to be outgoing?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
How do I tell my dad that I need more bras without making it awkward and embarrassing?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
How do I seduce a girl only through action?
If your friend wants to come to your country, what things would you suggest for him to do and not to do to be polite and respectful?
How do you react rationally when everybody is fighting on religion?
What are some topics for random conversations?
How do I increase my confidence and gain more social skills?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Is it rude to ask someone what they paid for something unusual, something I wouldn't be able to look up myself?
Can you give me free online websites for talking with psychologists or strangers? I want to talk about my desperate status.
How do I open up to people when I'm shy?
What should I do if one of my friend ignores me?
What does it mean when someone you know notices you from afar but doesn't say hi?
If someone asked you who the "trash lady" is, what would you say?
People are always underestimating me and make fun of me because I can't play sports?
Will you feel bad if no one sits next to you on a bus but everyone else has a person who sits next to them?
What do you call someone who makes excuses all the time?
How do you avoid patronising someone when teaching them?
Why do girls at my school say it is illegal to hit them?
What should I do if my best friend’s mom hates me?
How do you stay under the radar at school?
How are socially awkward people expected to "improve" when no one is willing to help them do so, besides telling them to "stop making excuses"?
How do I talk to people on dating.com site?
How do I get to know a classmate?
Do narcissists ever make real friends?
How can I make my life more social in Mumbai?
Why do I hate the idea of meeting new people?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
How do I build a social circle during college?
How do you feel when someone talks to you in Chinglish?
Do you talk with youself? If so, do you feel comfortable doing it?
How do I stop others from interjecting while I am in conversations?
Can two best friends make up after they exchange below the belt insults in anger?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
What does it mean when someone calls you animalistic?
What should be my response when people say hi to me?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
Am I a bad friend for not wanting to be in the same project group with my friends for this block, because they stressed me out last block?
What do you think is the best way to avoid people who are very annoying and only spread negative vibes?
Is there a time when someone meant to say something mean to you, but you didn't think it was mean at all?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
How do I say no to my best friend after I promised something?
How do I come up with new thoughts during a conversation?
What is an appropriate response to patronizing behavior?
Why do we sometimes get the urge to have sexual relations with someone we just met?
My best friend is always the popular one. What do I do?
How I deal with a broken friendship, as I angered her with a tactless message?
Will I be unsuccessful because I like having only a few friends?
How can I deal with people who lack of tact?
On what basis will you classify someone as a bitch/asshole?
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
What types of conversation sounds can be made to impress a girl on chat?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
What should one do upon spotting a beggar woman with an infant?
What's the point of making art if there is nobody to share it with?
How can I make someone understand that I didn't like or agree with their statement without talking back?
Does my friend still want to be friends?
Can a shy & less talkative boy model?
Why aren't my social skills improving, no matter how hard I try?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
How do you comfort someone who has tragic premonitions? I don't know what to say to them.
Does my friend have a serious argumentative personality?
How do I ask someone to find me a job in the UK?
If people never proactively talk to me and don't seem interested in doing so, why should I try to talk to people?
Why don't I have many lasting friendships?
What do you think of people that call you their friend but they always let you down, leave you alone, and befriend your enemy?
What do you do if people are talking down about you to others and are telling them to treat you accordingly?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
Is it possible to share the same thought with someone else you dont know?
How do I become friends with someone you only have lunch with?
Can someone who is awkward and shy as a teen become socially active and confident as an adult?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
What do you say to someone who moans constantly about various health issues?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
If someone posted a cry for help, how would you respond?
How can I become better at socializing without feeling shy or nervous?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
Should we actively make friends with people in other countries? What are the benefits?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
What is a good conversation starter that is not too sappy?
Should I talk to my friend about mis-remembering our street fighter matches?
What is the difference between adults making friends and children making friends?
Why do shy people always feel like someone else has to initiate the conversation, and never realize that they can be the person that initiates?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
Is it possible to tell if someone actually doesn't like you although they've been kind to you for so long?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
How would one react if someone at an American legion told someone else that they didn't have any rights and to shut up and to deal with harassment?
Hey, do you tell your best friend absolutely everything?
Why would a male friend talk nonsense about me to another friend, and then lie about it when I confronted him?
How shall we deal with online socializing?
How can I make friends and not be sad?
What is your random talk to a wise old person?
My history teacher called me quirky. What is the best way to respond?
Should I tell people that I never had a girlfriend?
Does it mean anything if my crush's friends are being extra nice to me?
How do I make friends at 20 in NYC?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How do you tell someone of your opinion without being rude?
What should I do after I messed up our friendship?
How do Irish teenagers socialise?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
Why do I regret being social or talking to people after really enjoying our 'chats'?
I don't know any girls and basically all of my friends are online. How can I make friends / get into relationships in real life?
Why do people talk to strangers and can they trust them? Why can't we talk to them? What's all the answers for talking to a stranger?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
What should I do if a girl is not responsive in a face to face conversation?
What does "someone's mess" mean?
What is the appropriate response to someone who is stressing over relationship problems?
How do I keep my friends from finding out I use Quora?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
Can I leave my teenager to stay home and make them dinner before going out to party at night? They're more independent now and they will do their work.
If someone has no friends, might they find it easier to get friends if they emigrate?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Why does my friend say my best friend is better than me?
What would you do, if you knew someone was talking behind your back?
How can I get people to open up to me more and establish more deep and meaningful connections?
What topics should I use while talking to my girlfriend​ who is a bit boring​?
I know my roommate talks about me behind my back because she always talks badly about other people to me. Should I confront her?
What did you do when you realize the conversation was not heading in your favor? How did you save the day?
How should I react when someone insult my religion?
What does it mean when someone advises you to be a bigger person?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
How do you tell a female stranger you just met that she has a single nose hair sticking out of her nostril?
I stopped talking to my best friend because I was jealous. How do I get over this? I'm so lonely.
Is it rude to pick your nose while someone is talking to you?
What should I do if I don't want to hang out with my dad?
How do friends talk to each other and what do they talk about?
How can I make conversation with my girlfriend when we are alone?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
How do you react when people cut you in lines?
I want to be gracious & kind. What is the best way to respond to an insult or backhanded compliment from a friend, family member, or acquaintance?
Where do you go to meet new people when travelling?
How do I become completely comfortable with who I am around people?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
When someone talks to you but is disturbing you, what is the most polite way to get them to stop?
How can I become brave and confident? I am always too shy to make me heard by others or share my ideas.
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
How can I politely tell someone I don't want to be friends with them? I’m afraid if I’m honest with him something bad will happen.
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
To know the motive (good/bad) what should be noticed first when we are talking with a stranger?
What is the non-wordy polite way to say "dead friends" in a scholarly essay?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
Why am I not able to make friends? I know I am good at heart. I don't harm others. Still people don't like me much.
How does one avoid socializing in college?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him, but have known him (texting) for over a year.
How can I impress other people?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What should I do when a large group of people are using intimidation tactics to isolate me, yet will not approach to make actual contact?
Why do I fear that I am talking to myself? Is anybody out there? It feels like I am talking to myself.
How do you ask something from a stranger?
What should a woman do with a creepy guy on a flight?
Why don't I like to be praised?
Why can two girls be close friends and not be called lesbians, but if two guys are close friends, they are called gay?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
What is the best way to avoid stress when you talk to crowd?
Is it normal that I feel weird when I talk in English/French?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
The more I get to know people, the more socially anxious I am around them. Why is that?
Is there a person you regret not talking to?
How can I have female friends in America?
How can I impress a Nepali girl who I know and have met but now only talk to through Messenger?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How can I stop being a needy person?
Is it true that making friends wastes time?
How can I ask my classmate to stop talking to me during lessons?
Why is it so hard to find good friends?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
How will a narcissist react if I tell them that I (a former love interest) never want to talk to them ever again?
Why is it hard for people who suffer from autism to maintain eye contact?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What are the first few questions Malaysians ask someone they just met?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
Do you think that chatting is part of talking?
When your closest friend joins the underworld, are you bad for supporting it?
I want to make guy friends. How do I go about this?
How can I discourage an acquaintance who won’t stop texting me?
How do you praise another person's achievement which you find mediocre?
What will you do, if you find out that your best friend is gay (male or female)?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
What do you do when someone you really care about tells you never to speak to them again?
How do I make my employers comfortable if she feels shy to interact?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
What does it mean if someone calls me wet?
How can I be good friends with a male?
What should I say when my girlfriend tells me that someone harassed her?
What can I do if my older brother behaves inappropriately with my female friends?
How do I make close friends in highschool?
Why do I stop talking to people after sharing something really personal with them?
What is the best way to respond if someone scolds, humiliates, hurts, or insults you?
How do I end my dependency on my friends?
Do narcissists fish for compliments?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Where's the best place to make new friends outside of school?
How do your friends react when you peer edit their work?
How can I be fun and interesting to hang out with?
How can I become friend of someone who hates me for no reason?
How do I introduce my friend to politics?
How can I stop being nervous in public?
What is it like "not" having a best friend or close friend?
How do I respond when people comment on my weight?
Is it normal to be sad when you see your friends make new friends?
How do I deal with a friend who doesn't consider me a friend?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
How do you choose between 2 options if either way you hurt your friends?
How can I make my mother understand that I don't care about "what will people think/say" or "log kya kahenge"?
Someone took something special from me and I tried getting it back, but they avoided my question. How should I confront them and how do I get it back?
How can I get rid of irritating people smartly without hurting their feelings?
Why is society so obsessed with me having a lot of friends?
How long should I wait to see if she initiates a conversation through text?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What does "how much money can you give in exchange for this kind of friendship?" mean?
What are some ways a person can become more social? I'm not shy, just very quiet. I keep to my small circle of friends, but would like to change that.
What is the best answer when a woman asks you or just says she believes she's fat?
How do I tell a girl that the photos on my Badoo profile are not mine, without rejection?
How do I avoid someone who goes to the same school as me and is cyberbullying me?
When is someone considered a friend?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
How do I apologize for something I did a thousand times?
Why do our facial expressions, gestures, posture and the like things not correlate with second learned language?
At which date should it stop being awkward?
What should I do about a friend who is so nice, she is annoying?
Why is Smalltalk programming still popular?
Even at the school level I have failed to make good friends. What am I doing wrong?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
What is the best gift for a highly intellectual doctor?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
How should I go about reconnecting with family and friends, who I've purposely been avoiding?
What will you do if you come to know that your friends are jealous of you but you can't do anything because at that point they are only your groups?
How do I cheer up a friend who's had a rough meet?
What does it mean when someone doesn’t reply to your text but talks to you in person?
What makes you a bad friend?
Someone close to me asked me to hold onto some money for them. Is this okay? There are more details below.
What would someone sound like if they haven't ever talked?
How do you win your wife’s trust back when she comes to know that you were talking to someone behind her back for a month?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you tell how long someone has been following someone on Instagram?
What is the best way that anyone has ever responded to the question "how are you"?
How do you respond to people who are uncomfortable with your success and who try to pull you down?
What does it mean if you don't matter to her?
Why don't I have friends to hang out with?
How do you warn your friends about the conseqeuneces of being a non-Muslim without sounding like a preacher or offending them?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do I handle someone who is a friend of my wife and is a pervert?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What are classy girls like?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How can I learn skills for telephonic conversations?
Is someone more charismatic if they show power or warmth? What are the benefits and drawbacks of either (especially with influence and likability)?
How do I make deep connection with someone I just met or maybe a stranger?
Is it possible to get a friendship back after you two were once romantic and it ended badly?
How can we impress a stranger at the first conversation?
How do I stop gaming and stop being socially excluded?
I think my friend is fake but we shared so many bonding moments and I don't know how to handle this. What can I do?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How should I react when people ask me about my scar?
How do you respond to someone who says Trump is firm?
I'm not happy when I am with my current friends. How do I make friends who correspond better with my mentality?
Is there anything wrong with going along to get along?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
How would you propose to your female best friend without breaking your friendship?
Can two people become friends even if they don't share similar hobbies or interests? How will their relationship look like?
Is it necessary to confront your best friend if you are gay?
Would you rather stay with a friend who doesn't care about you or have no friends instead?
Why do I have problem maintaining friendships for a long time?
Should someone study something that he likes or something that gets him employed with a good salary?
Why am I talking more? Why can't I control it?
How can a shy person overcome his shyness especially against pretty girls?
How do I find a friend of my friend on WhatsApp?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
Why do people ignore me when I am trying to be nice?
How can I ensure that my best friend’s always with me?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
What is an interesting conversation that you had with someone?
How do enemies become friends?
What is the best reply when someone says you are beautiful?
Why do you keep injured people talking?
How do I know if somebody is eavesdropping on my conversations?
Do girls like me if I feel shy to talk with them?
A friend keeps spamming me on Skype by posting my username somewhere and random people call me, what is a website I can do the same to him?
Is it possible to go for 24 hours without offending someone?
How would a conversation between Veronika and Hannah go?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
Why do American southerners like to talk about their faith when introducing themselves to strangers?
Did you pick your friend group strategically or did it just naturally form?
How do I apologize to someone after they found out I was talking behind their back?
How do I make friends and find a significant other while having no social skills and being gay?
How do I convince my boyfriend not to talk with a friend who I don’t like and to who he gives too much attention?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
Why do boys always do anonymous calls and talk rubbish to unknown girls?
How do I deal with a friend who’s a bully?
How can I ask my friends or classmates to help me meet women?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What if your crush is one of your friends, and you want to ask him out, but you don't want to ruin the friendship if he doesn't like you back?
Someone is spreading rumours about me and it is affecting my health and my studies. What should I do?
How can you tell when you like someone?
What's the best response on the road when someone flips you off?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
What's an appropriate response when you introduce yourself to someone and after telling them where you live or where you're from they say "I'm sorry"?
Do girls share their numbers with strangers? If they want to meet new people, will they share about their personal lives?
In an argument, what do you tell someone who replies with "It's my opinion and I'm entitled to it!"?
How do you help out a stranger who you found out cuts?
What's the best way to ask someone if they still want to be with you?
What would you do if someone asked you, "So, what's next"?
How can I find out whether my friends are true or fake?
What are random questions to start a conversation?
How can you make situations where someone you don't know is walking towards you from a distance less awkward?
Why do we ignore someone?
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
What are all the things that you should and should not say to a woman and why?
What's the polite thing to say after someone coughs?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
How can you tell if a guy likes you, even though you don't talk?
What is the most telling thing about someone?
How many female friends do you have on your PS4 friends list?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
How should I deal with people, who ignore me whenever I have a better opinion or some logical thing to say? What is the best way to deal with it?
Should you tell the truth to someone you cheated on?
How can I stop being scared to go out and meet people?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
How do I make a friendship with loneliness?
What's the best way to turn a guy down?
How do I ask someone's phone number?
How can I keep from being so intensely aggravated by my coworkers with poor hygiene and no social skills?
Why do my friends never give me details about when and where they are all hanging out?
Is it harder to do other things when you're talking to someone even when they’re simple?
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
How do you convince someone to start hanging out with you?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
How can I get the 1 lira that my friend owes me?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
What is the need to ask “How are you”? Why do we ask someone if we know that the other person will always say he/she is fine even if he/she is not?
How should I act around misogynistic friends?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Why is the girl who seemed to like me now ignoring me?
Is it true that two people with different mindsets make better friends, or is that only in the case of like-minded personalities?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
Do introverts apologize?
Is there any way I can completely cut off the negative habits of myself?
Whenever I talk to someone they feel (or seem )unconscious, and that makes me sick. What do I do?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
How do you tell someone they are wrong without hurting them?
Would someone easily say: 'ermewerm…well… I KNOW' about the dipole repeller?
How do I become authoritative so that no one ignores me when I talk?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
How can we create chances for our kids to socialize with other people positively?
Should I get into drama by defending my friend?
Why do someone stop replying after good going conversation?
What are some cute ideas to ask a friend to Homecoming?
What makes a person shy looking and aloof?
How can I make friends from my school?
A very good friend made me delete our entire chat history and it has left me very, very disillusioned. What should I do?
Has the new technology of social network and privacy issues ruined making more friends because people want virtual contact more?
What should I do when a group of people I’ve known for three to four years as roommates suddenly change and aren’t talking to and helping me?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
How do I prevent others from talking about my private life?
Why does my female friend hug her other male friends more than me?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How do I get people to do what I want?
Is it okay if someone calls you names when they are angry and apologize later?
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
How do I politely decline my oldest sister's wedding invitation?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do guys add you on Messenger but not initiate conversation?
What are some of the best washroom conversations?
How do I approach a stranger girl and talk to her?
Can someone figure out this riddle?
What is the friendliest town in Massachusetts for a new family looking for good schools and new friends for our children?
What are some fun stuff to do with your best friends at the park?
What do you do when someone says "You are too young for me"?
Have you ever lost all of your best friends?
What do I do if my friend constantly yells at me and makes fat jokes about me?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How do I start a conversation with a woman on FB without seeming like a creeper?
How healthy is it to close oneself off from others and go back to your "darker side”?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is it like to have great conversational skills? Is it an advantage?
How do I make my female friend, with whom I have sex, sleeping over at my parents house not awkward?
Should I introduce myself with my full name when talking to people?
Why am I eager for attention yet when I get it I am shy and embarrassed?
How do I make more friends online? I don't have many friends and I suck at talking in chat rooms or finding people who have the same interests as me.
How do I search for a long lost friend?
Isn’t listening to other people’s phone conversations a grave crime?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What should I do on a Sunday if all of my friends are busy?
Why do people respond with ‘wyd’?
If you meet an old friend after many days, and he/she says "hi" to you, how should you respond?
How do you maintain emotional stability when involved (friendship/romantically) with a borderline?
If someone speaks less in his society, does it mean he is rude?
Why do people stay in unhealthy friendships?
What are some good exit strategies when stuck in a conversation?
Where are some places in Atlanta that are great to meet women and make new friends?
How do people talk for hours?
Is it unsafe to talk to strangers online?
How can you deal with social isolation in high school?
Can you tell if you are related to someone?
How do I make friends at college summer camps and how do I keep them to keep hanging out after camp is over? (I don't have friends at my school)
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
I have no interaction skills. It's hard to make eye contact with people. What is wrong with me?
How do you improve your listening and focus when someone is talking?
Will pushing away my friends and focusing on school help with my studies?
What are some profile clichés in online dating?
How can I get all my friends back?
What kind of people are best to surround yourself with?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
What is the best reply when someone says I am going to die?
Is there someone you don’t like?
What does it mean if someone says to you - you are the sole interpreter of my profound life?
What kind of education project that does not need to meet a lot of people?
Do you respond to all of the messages you get on Quora?
Should I consider doing modelling even if I am shy?
Do girls feel bored towards a guy who is a bit shy and avoids talking and interacting with girls?
What can I do on a free Saturday without friends?
How should I respond when my crush commented on my breasts?
What hobbies can I pursue in Bangalore that will guarantee that my social circle expands exponentially?
Once my script is complete, how do I practice speaking if I can't get a room where I can be alone and I am too shy to do so in front of others?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Is your mind going totally blank during a conversation a form of dissociation? As in suddenly having literally nothing to say, or any kind of thought.
Why do people think I fight when I talk to them and criticize my manners and ethics?
What's a polite way to ask someone to get to the point?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
Is it necessary to attend a corporate party, or is it better to enjoy quality time with your good friends?
What is an old friend?
What do you do when you have a friend that does everything for attention?
How can one mingle easily with his or her friends?
What can you do when you cheated on someone and they want you to talk to their mom in order to prove to them that you’ve changed?
I cut off shitty friends. How do I make new, good ones that I actually get along with?
Why do so many people lack of tact?
What is the proper way to greet in Hindi?
If there was someone the opposite of you, what would he/she look like?
How do I talk to a girl without sounding like a creep?
Does anyone usually break awkward silences at parties by suddenly punching the wall repeatedly, yelling obscenities and slurs, and then defecating and throwing feces at the windows?
Why is it so hard to find friends who aren't fake?
Why would a girl be nervous around you but not others?
How can Asian countries get along with each other?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
What can I do if a person doesn't want to speak to me?
What does it mean, behaviorally, when someone asks you to "suck my ****"?
How do you strike up and keep up with an interesting conversation with a total stranger on social media?
How do you deal with a rude teacher in middle school?
How do you respond to people who say that you have many close friends?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What makes a best friend to be a better friend that is smart and trustful?
How and where can a 19-year-old boy meet more people and build friendships?
What was the last conversation you had with your mother?
Is it better to talk less, smile more?
How can I stop feeling awkward around people who are grieving?
What does it mean when a friend always forgets you?
I can’t make friends because all of the other guys are jealous of me and friends at school have started to pick on me. How can I move on?
How do I connect with people at a new workplace?
How do I deal with people saying "fuck you" on the road because of me being an immigrant?
Why do I lack interest in socialising?
Why is that sometimes boys want to be friends with me?
I’m a girl, but I like a girl in my class. I want to be straight, and I have boyfriend, though. How can I take my attention off of her?
What's the true definition and meaning of a friend?
How do you respond when your husband ridicules or insults you in public and/or private?
How can we help a person to socialize after many years of incarceration?
Is there something I can do about the fact that a guy I like likes me back but due to distance and age we can't be together right now?
Why do I keep crying for no reason? I'm scared of talking to people. Before I was really friendly with people.
How do you respond when someone says they don't care about you?
If someone has hurt you and you really want to scold that person but could not do it, does it mean that you are weak?
Why is everyone talking about life when they are drunk and not any other topic?
What are some ways for introverts to make new friends when they are moving to a new city?
How do you warn your friends about the conseqeuneces of being a non-Muslim without sounding like a preacher or offending them?
Should I stay friends with my friend?
Could someone just tell me something good?
How should I deal with those friends who've decided to be communists?
How do I make my friend buy me something?
Will a man come back to you after he said, "I just lost it all for you”?
My friend stopped talking with me suddenly. Should I ask him what’s wrong?
What can I do to expand my social life and career outside of what I was enclosed to?
I’m in high school and I can’t talk to girls whatsoever. What can I do?
How do I deal with unreasonable people?
How can I have more to say in a conversation?
Why is it necessary to be social?
How can I make friends in Thailand?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
Can you define a friend?
What is a way to stop over indulging in friends?
How do I ignore someone without letting them feel as such?
What do you do when the person everyone gets along with keeps you at more of a distance/closes you off?
Is there a time when someone meant to say something mean to you, but you didn't think it was mean at all?
What are some funny replies to send to a friend who doesn't respond to any of your messages?
Is it really an apology when someone says, "I've already said I'm fucking sorry, I shouldn't have said it!"?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
What is the meaning if someone talks to you normally and behaves as if he/she likes you and then suddenly stops talking to you?
What should I do if I need to talk to someone about my problems?
People look at me like I'm strange, but I'm not. How can I break the ice and make friends?
What is the definiton of friend? How should a real friend act?
How do I stop wanting "friendship"?
If someone tells you that you lack professional integrity and to go enjoy a 9-5 lifestyle, is that person being a jerk or simply being honest?
How can I get my boyfriend to disagree with me openly instead of turning quiet?
How do I make real friends?
If someone tells you that you lack professional integrity, is that person being a jerk or simply being honest?
How do you confront someone?
Do you have a friend that has different views from you?
Why am I scared to lose a fake friend?
What's the best way to ask someone if they still want to be with you?
Why do I find it hard to make friends among my peers (early 20s), but older people seem to think highly of me?
In your opinion, just as we do our best to give a glass of water to someone who asks for it, is it polite to sleep with a random person who asks for sex?
What do you do when you see that your best friend gives the impression that they don't value the friendship anymore?
What will it take for the government to get along?
Has anybody made some really good friendship through Quora?
How should I respond to a person who says that people not following the news will lead to 1984?
What do you do when the people person who everyone gets along with keeps you at a distance/closes off with you?
Is it rude to resell something I bought from someone?
How can I find out if a friend is alive or not in Canada?
How does a corner person talks?
Why did my guy friend stop talking to me?
What is the best way to start a conversation with someone you have never spoken with online?
Is it wrong to not talk to your abusive mother anymore?
What are some creative ways of making a scrapbook for a best friend?
If my wife doesn't like my friends, should I stop hanging out with them?
What are some interesting conversation between two individuals about relationship?
How can paranoid people make friends?
When should we say please to someone?
What are the top three things that American teens usually do when they are hanging out with their friends?
What is the best way to start a conversation with a stranger online?
How can I tell if someone is envious of me?
Does the possibility of people proactively talking or chatting with me never exist at all?
What's a clever way to tell someone off without sounding angry?
Why does everyone call me and contact me only when they need me for something?
Are you allowed to tell someone to delete a picture of you?
What is the best way to ignore someone without making them feel ignored?
What are the proper words to say when someone tells you that a relative has died?
Why does he still want to be my friend now that he knows I have feelings for him?
One of my teachers always touches me and says I have a nice body, and it makes me uncomfortable and he doesn't stop when I tell him to. What do I do?
How should I start a conversation with a girl on Facebook, who I meet 5 years ago?
How do I respond to racial behaviors in a good way?
How can I feel more socially secure?
At 37 years old, how do I make new friends and maintain a good, long lasting relationship with them?
What are some ways to respond to a stranger having a beautiful face without being attracted?
What kind of questions can I ask to a guy I like to keep the conversation going?
Would you go to someone to clarify that something is wrong with them if they show casteism, or would you ignore?
What should one do when people ignore you in a group, besides staying in the same class all day?
What is the friendliest town in Massachusetts for a new family looking for good schools and new friends for our children?
Do you find it annoying when you ask someone what to do about something and they tell you what you should have done yesterday?
What other good software are there that can talk/speak what I write in them, like Talk It?
Do we really need men friends?
What is the best way of responding to someone who is really mean to you online?
Why can’t I stop hating my friend who hurt me and ignored me?
What does it mean when my boyfriend says it’s ok to talk to an old friend even though you ended on bad terms with them?
What measures should I take while judging a person?
How may I fuck someone stranger or unknown?
We have about 10 minutes alone before we meet other friends. How do I start a serious conversation?
How can I stay safe when I meet up with internet friends?
Who has more friends than anyone else?
How can I see my friends’ texts?
What's the nastiest thing you can say to someone without sounding angry?
Do people form friendships on the basis of looks in college?
What if someone very close to you is not understanding you?
There's this girl that I liked once and we're both in a group of friends who always joke about it. Should I talk to her?
Why am I still looking for my friend?
How can I make a lot of friends? How many friends does actually one need?
How should I stop my friend from being an orthodox Hindu?
How can a friend help me build a strong personality?
Is there a person you regret not talking to?
If someone tells you not to quit your day job, is that person being a jerk or simply being honest?
What's wrong with us, my husband and I generally can't have a conversation without ending up in an argument?
How do you deal with people who try to mess with your head?
Why doesn’t my friend call me during the summer holidays?
Why do Indians in the US rarely engage in deep philosophical conversation instead of petty small talk?
My friends and I have been real close for a long time. But suddenly they don't seem to understand my feelings anymore. What should I do?
Is it normal to miss someone so much whom you've just met?
How do I bring out the confident guy I know I have in me?
When someone is told, "You must speak out," does it mean he/she is ordered to speak?
How do I find Damo Suzuki so he can give a friend of a friend an anti-drug motivational speech?
How do I make my employers comfortable if she feels shy to interact?
Why do some people have a tendency to record casual phone conversations?
Is there hope for shy introverts to have a social life?
How do I deal with male sexual frustration?
I invited a friend and her partner to a charity gala, should they offer to pay?
What are some general talks that can help in saving a dying conversation?
Why am I sad when my friends get new friends?
How do I make friends on Facebook who are close to where I live?
How can I get foreign gay friends?
What's a good response to "Say something funny."?
What advice would you give to a person/friend who keeps posting/saying quotes on Facebook about fake friends? And what does that say about the friend?
What do I do if my daughter wants to be friends with an old friend of mine who is a swindler?
Is it scientifically possible to improve eyesight naturally?
How can a stranger start talking to Susmita Das?
How do I deal with someone who pretends to be a friend and knows how you hurt over someone, then introduces him to another woman?
What would life be like if people didn't talk?
Why do I feel so good and interested in the topic when someone is talking about accounts, per-year increase, businesses, money transitions, and other stuff?
Does anyone feel that when they talk to people they sound weird, crazy or boring?
Why is it that our friend circle shortens as we grow up?
How do I stop listening and start talking?
What is the polite way to tell my boss that he's terrible?
If a boy says “I want to date you”, what should I say?
Is it wrong of me to hit my friend?
Does everyone go through awkward teen years?
What one topic do you wish you could talk more openly and freely about?
I found myself alone with no friends. What do I have to do?
What are some good tips on getting along well with kids?
Is it illegal when someone force you to say something?
If a friend blocks me, can he or she friend me back with a fake account and profile?
How should I go about asking someone about a disability?
Can you have true friends outside of school/college?
If someone said “I will try my best for a job,” what should be your reply?
What would you do if you faked your friend?
A man has 7 friends. In how many ways can he invite one or more of them to a party?
Why do the anchors talk more than the guests?
How do you know you are more invested in a friendship than you should be?
What was it like to experience the millennium change from 1999 to 2000?
Can I give my internet to a friend in another country?
When someone’s being a jerk, I ignore it and respond as I would to someone with better manners in that situation. Does this make me look weak?
What do I say when some says "what's up?" to me?
What should I do when I am hardly attached to a friend that lives in another country?
What do I say if I'm closeted and someone asks if I'm gay?
How should I respond to others devaluing my opinions or experience because I'm a white male?
Would you purposely avoid talking about politics with your friend if you knew they disagreed?
Can a childhood friendship lead to marriage?
How does someone who's lived a cloistered life (e.g. homeschooled) come up with interesting conversation topics?
What's the better way to express my love to the girl I am really fond of?
What's the best way to start small talk when you don't know the person?
Why do I feel like I have no friends even though I know that I have like 0 friends? How can I stop this? How can I get friends?
Why can't I fit in with groups of girls?
Why do my female peers find me funny, but never attractive? Are those attributes not concurrent?
Why would my best friend be good friends with someone I despise greatly?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in my class? (give examples)
Why does my female friend tries to corner me?
Why do some girls ignore or stop talking to their old friends (male friends mostly) when they get new friends?
What do you do when the other person leaves a small space to talk? How much should people talk?
How do I get more friends in and out of school?
How shall I remind my friend about the money she owes me? She is a close friend, so I can't ask directly. What shall I do?
Where can I find someone who can make some character art for me? I will be able to tell them what it should look like.
What are the rules for a positive conversation?
How can I fit in at high school? How can I make friends and keep up with everything?
Is it true that everyone is fighting a battle you don’t know much about?
I'm a topper and don't have any friends. My classmates who compete with me make fun of me when I get low marks and I’m going crazy. How can I be free of depression?
How can I learn to make new friends again?
Do you have any homosexual friends? How does he behave with others?
Why would someone say 'You don't smoke and you don't drink - what do you do'?
How do I stop a friend from coming to my room who is best friend of my roommate?
How do I stop hanging out with an annoying friend politely?
How do you know if someone at work is hitting on you?
What should I do if I have developed feelings for a close friend/roommate and I don't want to ruin our friendship?
Why is it that the person who ignores you is who you want to talk to?
How can I decrease my shyness and talk freely with girls?
Is it possible with someone to be socially awkward and have excellent social skills?
How can an introvert make friends without changing himself much in nature?
When people begin and end their reply by saying, "Thanks for your comment," does that mean they're closing the conversation?
If someone at work keeps calling you names behind your back, thinking you don't know about it, is simply ignoring it just enabling their behavior?
How do you make friends at a small school?
What is the best way to get rid of nervousness, usually when you face new people, like in an interview?
A guy that I liked a lot called me crazy, so I cut him off. He has since stalked my dating account and Instagram. What is he looking for?
How should I respond someone who asked me to go on a date?
Are most people in Turkey afraid to talk about politics?
What do people lookout in true friends?
What are some tips for becoming a closer friend with someone, or maybe becoming their best friend?
I no longer feel like hanging out with friends or socializing. I try to avoid socializing. Is this normal?
What is a polite reply to refute requests from startups who want to get coffee and feedback?
Does the way you talk affect what you do?
One of my colleagues is playing office politics and has said to other colleagues not to talk to me. What steps I can take?
What would you do if the spouse of a good friend completely ignored you and it has been 6 months?
How should I develop social skills to talk to others?
Should one continue their friendship with a person who is the worst listener but very trustworthy?
What do I do if no one in my school wants to have deep conversation on science?
Why has he stopped talking to me all of a sudden?
Is it okay if the only friends I have are my plants?
What is your best conversation opener?
How do I kiss my close friend?
I don't like going to parties but my friends have been forcing me to go for once. Should I go?
How do I make my parents trust my friends?
How does someone make new friends in their 40s?
Where can I go with my friends in Chandigarh to have fun?
What should I do when I am close to my roommate and classmate as well but I actually strongly dislike her?
How do I command respect from people, being 27 years old?
Why, if my millennial friends are almost constantly texting, do they ignore or delay answering a simple but relevant question?
How should I start a letter to my lawyer? Should I start with "How are you doing?" Will it sound a little awkward this way?
Is it okay to break ten years of friendship?
How do I deal with a psychopathic classmate?
Is it wrong to not want to see friends every week?
What are some polite & effective ways to refuse to give to panhandlers, particularly the "pushy" and persistent?
At what level it is justified to make a best friend but not many friends?
What is enough to save a friendship?
Do extraverts feel lonely because they have so many friends but don't have one single best friend?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
Is it rude to ask people why they are following me?
What would you say to Donald Trump?
Does having no friends mean something is wrong with you?
Should I cut my best friend off because I have feelings for him and he just doesn't care?
Is it normal to have no friends despite being confident and talkative?
How can one respond in a group business email when someone who initially made an error says, "well we were both wrong"?
How do I stop listening and start talking?
How do you deal with a backstabbing friend?
How do you respond when people ask, "So, what's your story?"
Is it necessary to be social?
What is the best way to handle a stranger picking up girls in our group?
Do you always have friends to cheer you up?
Everytime I talk to girls, something bad happens. Now I'm awkward around everyone. What do I do?
There is a girl in my college who I have seen a couple of times. I want to talk to her, but we don't share any mutual friends. How can I be her friend?
What should I do when people misunderstand and stop talking to me?
How important is it to talk to someone when you are depressed?
How do you tell your friends that you're Muslim?
What kinds of people should we make friends with?
What does it mean when your classmate does not respond to you or talk to you? Why do they stay away?
Why can't I talk to my friend face to face when we are so comfortable talking over text?
Why, ever since I made plans to kill myself, are people that always mocked me for being bi & trans acting extremely nice, even though they won't apologize?
What does it mean if a guy that doesn't know you makes fun of you with his friends?
How do ENTPs handle small talk?
If a friend blocks me, can he or she friend me back with a fake account and profile?
How can I get out of my box and enjoy the world? How can I make true meaningful friends?
Would you stop being friends with someone over the way they disciplined their children?
What is the best way to refuse to serve someone alcohol (to 'cut them off')?
What is the use with making more friends?
What do you say when someone say you are beautiful?
How do you know you are more invested in a friendship than you should be?
How do I respond to a friend who beat me for mocking his girlfriend?
How can I stop running away when I'm talking to people?
Is it okay if a good guy friend waits outside a restroom in a school for their close female friend if they always hang out together?
How can you stop girls from snatching your male friends?
When someone’s being a jerk, I ignore it and respond as I would to someone with better manners in that situation. Does this make me look weak?
How can I overcome nervousness while talking any serious matter?
What does someone who is in hospice want to talk about?
How can I become an extrovert, as I find it very difficult to talk to people when I first meet them?
What should I do when a guy that I like invades my personal space? How do I maintain control and keep the conversation going?
What's the better way to express my love to the girl I am really fond of?
I've always been frustrated that I don't know what to say, how do I improve my social skills?
My friends say that I always look energetic, but I am just faking it. They say it so many times that I am getting tired. What should I tell them?
Why can't I fit in with groups of girls?
Why don't I want to talk anymore?
What are the interesting things one can include in conversations with a boy?
How do I make someone not my best friend in Snapchat keep a snap streak going?
How do I not go out of my way to please my friends?
How can I tell if someone is in a relationship?
Why do some girls ignore or stop talking to their old friends (male friends mostly) when they get new friends?
Why is it so hard for me to recognize when people are being sarcastic at work?
Is it okay to call a friend "princess"?
How should I respond to my step mum who constantly compares me to teenagers who hang out with their friends all the time?
If you see friends come into restaurant, do you offer them a seat?
How does it feels when a very close friend of you with whom you have build a strong friendship since years suddenly ditches you and you are all alone?
How do I convince a friend to start talking to girls?
As a married person, how do you find friends for yourself?
I'm a topper and don't have any friends. My classmates who compete with me make fun of me when I get low marks and I’m going crazy. How can I be free of depression?
How do I make more sincere foreign friends?
What does it mean when someone wants to "get to know you"?
I showed some PTSD symptoms when this guy asked about my family. My friend said I was embarrassing myself. Should I drop this friend?
How can I learn to make new friends again?
How should I react if a group of people insult me?
How do you put up with someone?
How can an introvert make friends without changing himself much in nature?
How do I convince my friends that Quora isn't a dumb website?
How do you make friends at a small school?
Friendship builds on proximity, unplanned interactions, and privacy. Is there a psychological way to force two people to become friends?
What is the best way to get rid of nervousness, usually when you face new people, like in an interview?
How do different kids of people deal with stereotypes?
Does asking strangers for their numbers work?
How can I improve my personality and social skills?
How can I get people to stop hating me?
What can I talk about on boring phone conversations to make them more interesting?
Friends often don't understand my personality because I had a bad childhood. Should I lightly tell people about this so they understand me better?
How will you react when your friend is not talking to you without any reason?
Should I change my reserved character to make friends?
How do I gain back my best friend's mother's trust?
How do I talk to my boss about my bonus?
What should I do if I waste a lot of time on social media?
I ended the friendship with my best friend but now I regret it. What do I do?
Why does my female friend act like a child around me?
Is it impolite to ask someone about a facial scar?
What do I do when someone asks me to take off my shirt?
Does the way you talk affect what you do?
How do you start a conversation with someone who had a bitter past with you?
Suppose I'm visiting my family, and they went out of their way to prepare a meal just for me, but I did not like it. Should I be honest and tell them?
What should I do when I see my friends on Instagram at get-togethers that I'm never invited to? How can I get my friends to invite me?
How do I tell people to stop helping me?
What is the etiquette for ending a conversation you’ve lost interest in, on WhatsApp?
I'm new here in Quora platform. How do I get new friends?
Why do we use the term 'behind your back', when your back is already your behind?
Why do my friends always leave me out?
My roommate shouts at me all the time. What do I do?
If a female colleague is always playing office politics and trying to get me in trouble, what steps should I take?
What is the best way to make cheap international calls to a friend who is living abroad?
I don't like going to parties but my friends have been forcing me to go for once. Should I go?
How do you tell someone to leave you alone effectively?
What is the harm in sharing personal things with someone?
What do I do if my best friend misunderstands me and does not want to listen to my explanation?
What do I do if cool and sophisticated people usually don't like me?
Do you talk to someone if you think he/she is lame?
Why do friends not respect you if you have no money?
Is it bad that you lose contact with everyone you knew? If not, why do I feel guilty and pointless in making new friends?
Do you feel confused who to talk to when you meet a friend when you're with another friend, both of whom are strangers?
Why, if my millennial friends are almost constantly texting, do they ignore or delay answering a simple but relevant question?
How do I get rid of an 11 year friendship that I no longer wish to continue?
Is it okay to break ten years of friendship?
Is it wrong to not want to see friends every week?
I enjoy being a loner in college. I have a few close friends but I've been told that this is unhealthy. What should I do?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to be compared to others?
How do you make a friend not come to a party on the weekend?
How do I make a person get bored so that they ultimately stop talking?
Why do obese people make fun of me for being in shape?
How do you tell someone that you hate their Facebook posts?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How should I respond to people that say being gay is wrong?
How should I tell my Dad that I am talking to a girl I really like online?
Why don't I have any friends? Why am I bad at getting friends?
Is it rude to ask people why they are following me?
Why does everyone make depression out to be a relateable topic?
If someone asks me about international business, what should I tell them?
What can I do legally when a stranger tries to touch me?
What should I keep in mind when dealing with stereotypes?
Should I cut my best friend off because I have feelings for him and he just doesn't care?
Should I start talking to my dad again?
How do I deal with my roommate who usually offends me? I'm a person who hardly has conflicts with others. The other roommates dislike her too.
What are the gay friendly places in Mumbai to meet and make new friends?
How do you respond when in the restroom and the person in the stall next to you thinks you're their friend?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
How can I tell if someone is really horny?
How do I make a girl interested even she does not want it?
When do you tell interested people through online dating that you are an amputee without scaring them away?
How do you react when someone humiliates you in front of other people?
How do I care less about haters that talk behind my back and belittle me?
Can I talk with you? Can I trust you and share my frustrations with you?
What's the best things you've done for your best friend?
How do I stop texting a person and let them miss me?
What are some fun things to do with my best friends at school?
Is it using someone if you ask them to buy you weed?
What if someone tells you all you do is air grievances on Facebook? What do you do about it?
What are some good ways to start (and keep going) a conversation with a quiet/introverted girl?
What are some funny or witty responses for when someone ask you 'where are you living' or 'where are you residing'?
If someone asks you, “What is the aim of your life,” what should the answer be?
Why do people talk about me behind my back?
What do I do when I have a friend who I like but I don't want to screw up our friendship?
After a big fight with my narcissistic friend, we have not talked for three months. Would she think I was pathetic if I made the first move to make up?
What should I do when someone doesn't open up to me?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
Why don’t I have the desire to talk to people?
What can I do during my time in online 8th-12th to become more social? Make more friends in a sense too if applicable*?
How do you respond to people who say that they envy you?
Some mystery man on my Insta says my hair is softer than his soul and knows my sleeping patterns. He wants to meet me at lunch. Should I do it?
Is it weird if you like a girl's picture on Facebook if you're making glances but not talking in real life?
How can I find a person to talk to?
How do I get back to an old friend when she is having a tough time?
What should I do when someone tries to force me into their car?
What should I do to handle my fancy friend?
How do I get into someone's pants even if she has a boyfriend?
Why can’t I help sharing and talking to others when I find something meaningful or interesting?
Why do people change when they meet?
What's an innovative idea for keeping the conversation going with learners and dealer decision makers after the course?
I’m 19, a loner, and have hardly any friends. Do you have any advice?
Has any female stranger ever started a conversation by asking something about your penis at a nudist place?
If I'm missing my best friend, what does that mean?
How do I cope when my old friends don't talk to me?
Is it rude for some to talk to someone else within a group in a language others do not understand?
If it wasn’t love, why could you value your lustful desire more than a friendship?
I had a bad experience and now I feel like I don’t want to even talk to others. I am shy, but even more shy now. She made me feel awful. How can I change that?
How can I stop someone from throwing garbage on the road and on railway premises without offending that person?
What would people over 30 want to tell someone in their 20s?
How do couples that can’t communicate with the same language get along?
How can I tell that a friend is mad at me?
What has been your best response in a conversation when someone suddenly says something offensive, immoral, or terribly off-color?
This person whom I have never liked thinks that I like him and that we are friends. Why would he think that?
Who should someone talk to about stigmata and recording visions?
How do you respond to someone when they diabolically say, 'Don't even get me started.'?
Even now, I don't have any close friends. How can I get that type of close friends?
My hubby starts a conversation and when I get deep into the conversation, he gets irritated and mad. Why is that?
What are some ways to deal with an arrogant friend?
How do you tell if a confident girl who just started talking to you likes you?
What are the signs of a fake friend?
Why, when I talk about my flaws, do people understand, but when they see me doing the flaw they make fun?
How do I leave the company of bad friends?
Is it hard to make friends in Spain?
If your tween daughter has a friendship with a "mean girl," how would you intervene?
What practices are to be followed, to be a talkative and relaxed person?
How do I make new friends after 45?
How do girls in their 20's make friends with each other?
What does it mean, if someone wrote to me, 'Don't wit'?
How do I respond to people who say 'you are inspiring'?
Can an introvert get some good friends in TCS?
Is it okay to completely shut out someone you once loved ?
What are some nice things to say to my bestfriend?
How do I respond to things in a way that doesn't make it seem like time is flying past me?
How do I get along with people who talk too much?
What are girl lines? I heard someone say "You have nice lines" to my friend, so what does it mean?
How should I cope when I have no friends at all?
There is this person who used to be our friend but we don't want to remain friends with her anymore. How should we handle her?
Why is my best friend ignoring me for no reason?
How can I ask my teacher to be my first kiss?
What are the ways to deal with people who make fun of your appearance, if they are doing it just to make you feel insecure?
Why is my friend sitting so close to me?
How do I respond to people when they say that they admire me?
Is it good to talk much? And how do I reduce the way I talk?
Does anyone have good friend(s) on Quora?
Should I attend a weekend-long bachelorette party for my boyfriend's sister where I will not know anyone and most guests are 5+ years older than me?
How can I know if a German person considers me a good friend?
Do you imagine hypothetical conversations with your friends when you don't really get to see them much?
How can I start a conversation between three friends?
How do I make my friend shut up?
What is the best way for a shy person to turn himself to be a king's of speech?
Do you have a friend who you created in your imagination?
My friends have been bullying me too much. How do I make new friends?
How do I say 'no' at my workplace, without sounding rude?
How do you talk about yourself?
My friends are constantly making fun of me. How do I stop feeling frustrated?
Every guy I talk to ends up falling in love with me, what do I do?
What are some brain hacks I can use to make my friends like me better?
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
How do you make a decent conversation with a girl?
How I make friends and friend groups on Quora?
How do I make my friend to talk to me again?
What are some exercises to keep a conversation going?
Would you want to be friends with someone who had no friends?
What's the best reply if someone says BMW produces the worst cars?
How do you hint to a friend that you want them to leave your house without hurting their feelings?
Does anyone actually have no friends?
What interests do friends have?
How do I converse with my friend's wife?
Do you believe friendship is important in life/school?
As a young 18-year-old guy with no friends, how do I meet people?
What does it mean when someone really close to you says that they have given up on you and doesn’t have any positive feelings about you?
What does it tell you if a guy starts ignoring you after you send him a nude picture?
Would it be appropriate to tell my crush that I’m jealous?
How do I start a good conversation with my boss?
What is bad friendship?
Is it appropriate, or required by proper etiquette, to bring flowers to a friend who invited my wife and me to a classical concert in which he plays?
How do I tell my college friends that I'm done with them forever?
How do I make friends in a different country?
Which word would you use to describe boys who have more female friends than male friends?
How can someone befriend you then all of the sudden stop being friends with you because it is no longer convenient for them?
Why do I see some Aspies talking about how it gets more difficult to socialize in adolescence than in childhood?
How do you fix a constant cycle of isolating yourself from people you meet?
What do you call someone who's slightly large dick is all that they got going for them?
How should I deal with being exploited by friends or family?
How do you respond to the phrase “nobody likes you”?
How do I tell my annoying friend how annoying she is?
Is the US a really good political friend of India’s?
What should I do if someone has a nude of me and I don't want them to have it?
Is it rude when you go out with your partner and your friend if your friend is constantly engaging in conversation with your partner and not you?
I have no social life. What's wrong with me?
How can I tell the cute foreign girl that I like her?
How do I surprise my best friend in order to make things normal between us after a big misunderstanding?
How many of you have made good friends through Quora?
How can I communicate honestly with my friend?
If being friends with someone means I have to watch what I say and how I act all the time, is it selfish for me to end the friendship?
What should we do when our closest friends start ignoring us?
What is the best way to disagree with someone in a discussion?
How should I react if I bump into someone who once spread false rumors about me?
As an asexual, do you feel you have more trouble dealing with social situations?
What do you suppose a sex offender would most likely resemble, an anti-social recluse or a social butterfly who's friends with everyone?
What is the best key to keeping a friendship to last longer?
How do you respond when someone says you’re being biased?
How do I stop Instagram from recommending friends to me?
If I’m having a conversation with someone in my dream, does it mean that I'm talking to myself/my own mind?
How can I make my future brother-in-law shut up?
How can I get rid of a fake friend who is showing off with my best friend as if she is her own property to make me feel jealous?
How do I reestablish a friendship with a woman whom I emotionally destroyed?
Are there people who only talk to you when they need you?
What does a friendship mean to you? How long can a friendship be?
When do I have precedence to talk to a girl?
How can I keep a close friendship with someone I've outgrown in maturity?
What can I do if I'm depressed and have anxiety and panic attacks from time to time regarding the past ?
Why do my friends always choose me?
What is the best place to make friends in Bangalore?
Is always failing to see each other a reason to break off a friendship?
Do INFJs struggle to make friends?
Hw do you hold a conversation with someone who does not like you?
Is being loud and talkative bad?
My friend just gave a toast at my friend's birthday party revealing my sexuality (not straight) without my permission. What should I do?
What is wrong with me? I refuse to talk to my therapist, so can someone here tell me instead?
How do I respond to people calling me extra? It's annoying.
What should I do, as people call me a loser because I am humble, soft and an introvert?
Why is it that whenever I talk about someone, they instantly pop up?
Is Dalton Beato really my friend?
What should I do if a known person is ignoring me?
How do I reply when someone tells me this, "You're just a pained idiot. A pierced human can & will neva represent Naija. Chew on that"?
Is college the only place to meet people?
Why do we get nervous around people we like? Is it a good thing?
How can I understand a real female friend?
How do I react to someone who keeps hitting me aggressively in a street fight?
How can I get my best friend back who ignores me?
How do I tell people I don't want to talk to them and it's nothing personal?
Why is a “hot and cold” female friend now constantly ignoring me (male)?
Is daily conversation required in a friendship?
Why am I an introvert and why am I scared to talk to people?
What is a strange way that you have become friends with someone?
What are some Online sites to talk to strangers?
How can we invite everyone to increase the number of inspiring, deep and fruitful conversations in our daily life and stop small talk?
How can anyone make a strongly wide social circle with people having prestigious position?
Can I ask a close friend for one kiss?
How do I tell someone that they're insecure?
I'm a consistently awkward person, how can I develop more efficient social skills?
How should I deal with an extremely arrogant friend without breaking her only friendship (me)?
What does being respectful towards someone say about you?
Why do you find it difficult to get along with a Chinese person?
What does it mean when someone says they entrust in you?
How do I forget someone I want to be friends with?
You are ill and a neighbor insists they do dishes and light housework for you. You accept, but she does a terrible job. Should you say something?
How do I tell a customer we will not reconsider compensation in a nice way?
What is generally common between men who have mostly female friends, as well as women who have mostly male friends?
What is classy if you're a senior, but trashy if you're a youth?
How do I get over being cruelly trolled and made fun of by the people I thought were my friends?
Why don't they show there real identities; why do they talk as someone else?
How do you respond when someone talks about your success in terms of salary?
How do I deal with missing friends?
Why do people sometimes unconsciously make a face of disgust whilst talking to them?
As a young 18-year-old guy with no friends, how do I meet women?
Is it rude to tell someone not to stare?
What are some good ways to deal with people who are mean/nasty towards you?
How do guys respond when a girl communicates by calling you bhaiya?
How should I respond when I am being thanked for helping with a death?
What is something that you cannot shut up about?
Why do all of my friendships seem difficult?
Does talking back to a friend count as bullying?
How do I stop the feeling that I will ruin people's lives just by speaking to, or being friends with, them?
How should I talk to girls after the initial hellos, and what should we talk about?
How can I politely tell people who come to me for advice that I can't invest time into healing them?
How can I deal with people when in every conversation they try to have the last word most of the time?
I accidentally unmatched someone I was in the middle of conversing with. How do I rematch?
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
What are some of the tricks to keep the conversation interesting and keep going with young ladies online?
How do you respond to people who say "That is not Islam" everytime someone religious recommends or commits an atrocity in its name?
What’s the best way to deal with a negative argument?
Is this site coercive or making fun of adoption?
Do you believe friendship is important in life/school?
How do you start a conversation with a Tamil mother-in-law at the first meeting?
How can I make a good relationship with friends or others?
How can I deal with people who hate me just because of me being white?
As a young 18-year-old guy with no friends, how do I meet people?
What are some tips for starting an interesting conversation with a teen girl?
How can I explain to my friend how to take a picture of me without making me look short?
To what extent is it ok to be friends with a guy without giving them the wrong idea? In other words, how do I maintain a platonic friendship?
How do I tell my friend polity things that he shouldn’t do?
A student at my school said to me "I'm an adult now. And I like you a lot." How should I respond?
When someone tells that you can't do something, do you give up or keep trying?
How are the people I idolise alike (personalities, mannerisms, etc.)?
What are some things you can say to somebody during a conversation that has an underlying sexual meaning?
How do I start a good conversation with my boss?
What is the best reply when someone calls me a "Chutiya"?
Did someone ask me out as a joke? I'm not sure, so how do I respond.
How do I make new friends when all of my friends moved to different states or countries to work after we graduated?
How do my wife and I become close friends with a group of friends (all couples) we hang out with but don't have a close friendship with any of them?
What is a good response to a veiled threat?
How do I tell my college friends that I'm done with them forever?
Sometimes I have brown accidents when I'm nervous around girls I like. What should I do?
How do I make friends in a different country?
How do I deal with deep aversion to someone?
Is it appropriate to ask compensation to a friend if he/she damages your vehicle?
Which word would you use to describe boys who have more female friends than male friends?
Why can’t I talk to girls, even though I am one?
How can I stop being quiet and awkward in social situations and be confident and more talkative?
What's the difference between having friends and having a social life?
How do you respond when someone says "That's just your education talking" in an argument?
How can I avoid conflicts with other people?
What does it mean when someone says you flirt like a nun?
Someone I try to be friends with overreacts; how should I deal with it?
Is the US a really good political friend of India’s?
Is it rude when you go out with your partner and your friend if your friend is constantly engaging in conversation with your partner and not you?
How do you make friends with absolutely anyone?
What is the best way to reply when someone says "the moon is beautiful"?
How can I be open and social with people?
What makes someone of 'good value'?
Is it okay to tell people how much you earn when they ask or does it come off as bragging?
How many of you have made good friends through Quora?
What is the best way to strike up a conversation with a girl you've never met before?
What is the best comical reply when someone asks for a pen and paper in an office?
What does it mean when someone says "you consider yourself a cut above the company"?
How should I react if I bump into someone who once spread false rumors about me?
What can we tell someone who is stubborn to see the good sides of someone while being too forgiving for bad behaviours and acts?
What should I say when someone sends me a Snap that says "Streaks" on Snapchat?
Do people unconsciously love misery?
What are some pieces of advice that Odia girls would like to give Odia guys?
How can I stop getting nervous when talking to guys I don't know?
Having a busy schedule, I don't have much time for a relationship. Is there any girl who can adjust with a guy like me?
Should I talk to the person who raped me?
Why do my hands and feet shiver when someone tries to end a conversation without letting me finish?
Would you like to be my genuine friend, someone I can keep for a lifetime?
What do you say to someone who caringly tells you, "You look tired”?
How do you handle your best friend getting close to your friend (Mr. A) and you know very well that the intentions of Mr. A are not good?
What happens when you ignore a girl who is very close to you?
How do I make guy friends, especially male colleagues?
Why does nobody want to be friends with me?
Hw do you hold a conversation with someone who does not like you?
Is always failing to see each other a reason to break off a friendship?
How do I politely decline an invite to my mate’s place when it's very dirty and messy? Every time they ask, I go round, but I hate going.
Do INFJs struggle to make friends?
What is a polite way of asking someone what they want?
My friend just gave a toast at my friend's birthday party revealing my sexuality (not straight) without my permission. What should I do?
What is wrong with me? I refuse to talk to my therapist, so can someone here tell me instead?
Is greeting my friends with "heil Feynman" racist?
How do I say to a friend that I don’t want to be her friend anymore?
How do you apologize to the husband/wife of the person you slept with? Is it worth trying to apologize in this situation?
How can we help each other in times of difficulty?
How can a boy approach you for clean friendship?
How do I deal with people talking behind my back about me and my guy best friend?
How do I get along with my doctor?
How can I improve my social life and gain more friends in college? I'm really cool but I don't know why I don't have many friends or loyal friends?
Is it okay to not hang out with my boyfriend's friends?
How old were you when you found your true friend?
Why does a friend walk out of another friend’s life?
How do you deal with rude people talking on a cell phone in public?
Why do we get nervous around people we like? Is it a good thing?
I'm not confident in social situations because I look young. What should I do?
I make friends fast but loose interest in them very soon. Does it contradicts the fact that I am an intovert?
A friend to all is a friend to none. Is it good to behave in this manner?
A hefty men once beat me on the street, due to which I am too afraid to go out of the house, thinking that he might catch me again. What should I do?
Where do I go in Dubrovnik to meet and socialize with young people?
How do I tell people I don't want to talk to them and it's nothing personal?
How do I politely decline an invite to my friend’s dirty and messy place without offending them?
Should I tell him that I miss him even if we have no title yet?
What can I say to a stranger when he asks for my picture?
How do you keep a conversation going and always have something to talk about?
How do I avoid small talk?
Why do you find it difficult to get along with a Chinese person?
How do I tell a customer we will not reconsider compensation in a nice way?
Can too much honesty ruin friendships?
What conversation questions do old people like?
How can I be distant without coming off as rude?
Should I discuss my aims and preparation strategies for an examination with anyone?
How do you deal with people who are generally nasty, unpleasant but are genuinely nice with you?
I’m 13 and I have no friends. Will I forever be lonely?
What does it mean if someone is looking at their phone while you're trying to talk to them, but nod to what you're saying?
What's the best 1-2 sentences of advice you would give everyone to convince them to not waste their time and their life reading beauty magazines? Why?
People who were socially isolated for 10 years or more, how did you turn out?
How do I make conversation with anyone?
Why do people approach you more when you're more sociable?
As a young 18-year-old guy with no friends, how do I meet women?
What things can bring people closer together?
Why can’t I put down the meth? My reputation is getting bad, my daughter won't talk to me, and I'm going to lose everything if I can't change my life.
How do I approach a shy and quiet girl if I'm shy and quiet as well?
What does it mean when someone who you are building a friendship with doesn't reply to your messages?
How do you typically reply to texts with someone when the conversation is dying?
What should I do if I'm a "one friend wonder"?
People keep telling me I need to eat more, but when they do, I start to panic. Am I becoming anorexic?
Is it normal to have no friends despite being confident and talkative?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
How can Poland and Hungary keep their friendship so long like that?
How does it feel when you are talking in a serious manner and other person cracks a creepy joke?
How do you talk with a woman you like, but shares no common interests with you?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
Is it acceptable to tell someone if you don't like a gift?
How can I initiate a conversation with my crush if she's constantly surrounded by her friends?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
How can I politely let someone know that he/she is irritating me?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
How do I learn to let go and move on without talking to someone about my problems?
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
How can I get along with my boyfriend’s sister?
What was the longest time you were silent and not talking with anyone?
How do you deal with a friend who has accused you of something you didn't do?
Can someone create a fake wire transfer receipt? I was asked to assist someone going to rehab, and they showed me payment. Can I verify its legitimacy?
How can I tell if someone is really horny?
How do you politely ask someone who's blocking your way to move, in English?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What does it mean to 'look out for someone'?
How do I respond to someone who dismissed me?
How do I make new friends?
How do you deal with people who pretend they need advice but actually need compliments?
How can we make up for, or even overcome, a lack of social skills with regards to first dates?
Does everyone go through awkward teen years?
I need to apologize, but I don't know how. How should I do it?
What one topic do you wish you could talk more openly and freely about?
How do you maintain individual distance while doing peer work?
Why is it very difficult to find a good wowan?
What are some of the best replies to 'Why should I choose…'?
How do I join an existing group of friends?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
If someone calls us repeatedly, what should we do?
What are some good tips on getting along well with kids?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
Are awkward silences when dating bad? How do I avoid them?
If someone asks if you are intelligent, what's the best way to answer without sounding conceited?
I hear voices. They make fun of me, and often repeat what I think back to me in a mocking tone. What's wrong with me?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
How do I deal with "friends" talking behind my back?
What do I do/say to someone when they've been picking on me? Someone in my class has been calling me names and invading my personal space, and I've just been ignoring it, but now it's starting to annoy me.
How can I make more small conversations with my colleagues?
How do you get to know someone deeper?
How do I start talking like a pirate?
I would like to make a game. Can I get people to join me?
How can I stop talking too much? I want to speak less. How can I?
Is not making eye contact a good way to show that I don't want to talk?
Someone broke my property. Should I make them get me a new one?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
If you always initiate contact with a friend, what's the smartest way to handle it?
How can I invite friends and start chatting in Discord?
Why is my husband fine if people talk about me behind my back but he won’t let me complain about others and is always defending them?
Is it stealing if someone keeps a wallet/the money in the wallet that they found on the ground?
How do I tell my college friends that I'm done with them forever?
Is it better to ignore people on the internet or respond with "I'm not interested"?
How would a borderline react if I (former love interest) tell them that I never want to talk to them ever again?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
What is the best way to initiate a conversation through dating apps?
How can I give my friends dating advice without offending them?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
What do you call a person that only comes to you when no other friends/options are available?
Is being isolated better than being with fake friends?
How do I pretend to be friend with someone?
What should I do when the group leader likes me but everyone else in the group doesn't like me?
What do you do when you see that they are assaulting a stranger on the street?
Can you define a friend?
How can we more easily get along with others?
How can I stop being shy and nervous, while playing guitar in front of everyone?
What do I say after small talk?
How can I stop being quiet and awkward in social situations and be confident and more talkative?
What should I do if the conditions are not as good as they were in the past?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can I become friends again with someone I used to be really close with?
What do you do when you hear a former friend is running around ripping folks off and nobody (especially 12 steppers) wants to do anything to confront them?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
How do I ignore someone without letting them feel as such?
Does it mean anything if a guy chooses to sit next to you on multiple occasions?
What do I say when some says "what's up?" to me?
How do I get back to an old friend when she is having a tough time?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
Is it okay to be not interested in what your friends are interested in?
How does it feel when your best friend doesn't care about you?
How do you explain someone who replies on group conversation and not conversation with you?
Do you or your friends talk to dead relatives? Is there a recording of the conversation? Do you/they invoke the dead by calling their names loudly?
How can a calm person enter Roadies? Can you also explain the possible conversation between them?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
If someone is teasing you very badly, what should be your reaction?
How do I deal with a person who is very competitive towards me and has to try to out do everything I do?
Would you let a friend make a mistake or would you say or do something that may destroy your friendship? Why?
Why do my female peers find me funny, but never attractive? Are those attributes not concurrent?
My friend's parents always scold him, call him unlucky and never talk to him. He is in depression. How can I help him?
What makes someone a real friend?
Is leaving your friends and settling into a new city worthwhile?
How can I speak confidently among friends and strangers?
What should I do when I just meet people then blow it with them because I was depressed at the time and now I want to heal that friendship but they don’t?
Do we really need to have a social life in order to have friends?
Is it okay to call a friend "princess"?
What do you do when the other person leaves a small space to talk? How much should people talk?
My girlfriend often makes fun of me as I am a practicing Hindu. How do I deal with this?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
What I can do when I always can't hear people well in a meeting/conversation?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
How do I become fun?
How common is it for people to have new “best friends forever” approach them after they ask polarizing/irreverent questions at a conference/talk?
Is it better to teach a small group and go deep in a topic or a large group and go less deeper?
How can I make good, inclusive friends?
What should I know about interpersonal interactions to be more confident while talking to unknown people?
What should you say, when someone apologises to you for swearing in your presence?
Should real friends have the same interests as you?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Is it fine in Tbilisi to talk to girls in the streets?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
Why do I find it so annoying/awkward to hang out with someone who has admitted they like me but I don't like them back?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
How do you put up with someone?
How can you talk to someone who has autism?
What can I do about my friend/classmate who can only talk about memes beside me?
Three of my friends got really close recently and now leave me out of everything. What do I do?
Why do some people gravitate to negative people?
How do you socialize at a bar?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What kind of information you can glean from observing people before you talk to them?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
There is a student near me talking loudly all the time. How do I approach this?
What does it mean on Snapchat when you go to add a friend in contacts, but it says could not find, but say hi?
When someone calls you "a son of a bitch," does he/she mean your mother is a slut, or is he/she just insulting you?
Why won't people accept me as their friend in university?
Would it be right to ignore your principles if you're indebted to another person?
How should I respond someone who asked me to go on a date?
How long should I wait to talk to someone after asking for an apology from them?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
If someone says “Thatta girl.” to you, what are they really saying?
What is a time when you stood up to a bully and it didn't change a thing?
How can you tell if someone thinks you're smart?
How should I start a conversation with a girl on Facebook, who I meet 5 years ago?
How do you tell your boss off in the nicest way possible?
I am noticing I attract friends with attachment issues, especially borderlines. What might this say about me?
What should I think about my friends?
What is the ethical way to behave when someone in public snatches your phone?
What should I do if people around me fail to understand when I try to say something funny?
How and what should I do to start conversations, as people call me an introvert?
What does that mean when someone says "Aao kabhi haweli pe"?
Is it best not to say anything or should I be frank if someone asks me why I left their group?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
Which is the best place in Munich to meet gay people for making a friendship and good relations?
What are some interesting cockpit conversations?
Why is it that whenever I talk about someone, they instantly pop up?
How can I stop being scared of every situation(s) that I'll be going to be in?
What should I do if my long-time friend seems to dominate conversations?
How should one deal with the situation or react, when people don't talk to you or ignore just because you earn less?
How do I politely tell someone not to visit my home often?
What if my friend says my best friend is better than me?
Is it rude to ask someone what their religion is about?
How can I hold a casual conversation with an acquaintance without becoming stressed?
Do guys act nervous around girls they are not attractive to? He seems normal around his friends but super nervous when he sees me. Why?
What do you say and do when someone says, "Spare change"?
What do you do when you realise your "true" friends aren't really true friends?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
I have been talking to a girl every day in the past 6 months, but she never initiates a chat? What does this mean?
Should I become more sociable as a teen and how do I become more sociable?
How would an emotionally healthy person respond to a compliment?
Why has he stopped talking to me all of a sudden?
I have a history of poor social skills. I have been friends with many of same people since I was 6. Do they notice a difference in me at age 22?
Would you consider it insulting if a friend asks you if you "have permission" from your spouse to go out with your friends?
I'm currently in the middle of becoming a Hindu, which my friends think is a bit weird, how do I ignore their comments?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
How do I deal with this extreme situation?
I'm not confident in social situations because I look young. What should I do?
We wouldn't able to talk anymore for a year, what should I do?
What should you say back to someone when they say sweet dreams?
How can I firmly decline my former boss' invitation to a thank-you lunch and convey that I want a "polite hello" relationship?
How can a man start a conversation with anyone without having an awkward moment?
How would you end Friends?
How do I talk to a guy I like at work?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
I always try to be friendly and to make small talk, but people never warm up to me. I feel unhappy lonely and disconnected. What should I do?
What is the best response to "Fuck off"?
What words or social questions should I pay attention to most when a person talks, to understand them efficiently?
How do I stop someone from mirroring me?
Someone is cyberbullying me and it has gone viral. Everybody knows it but there is no direct mentioning me. What can I do?
How do I become closer to a group of friends?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
What should you do, when you can't say no?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
Somebody stole my shoes in school. What do I do?
Is it mean if you keep blowing someone off who may like you?
How do you know if someone you are talking to in a bar is hitting on you?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
How do I meet new people in Seattle?
How do I forget someone I want to be friends with?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
How do I genuinely want the best for my friends and stop being a negative influence on their lives?
Why do I feel awkward while talking?
What makes someone of 'good value'?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
Can you talk about a situation when you forgot about an important meeting?
What does it mean when someone closes his/her eyes when saying welcome as a reply to my thank you?
How do I feel worthy of a relationship again?
Do you imagine hypothetical conversations with your friends when you don't really get to see them much?
What's the best reply to “JazakAllah khairan”?
How does one face awkward situations?
What could be the reasons of having less friends?
How should I deal with family and friends who are holding me back from hustling?
If it is socially acceptable to talk to someone else on the phone, is it okay to talk out loud to yourself?
Can you tell if someone is happy by looking into their eyes no matter what age they are?
I'm over 30, a realist, and I have no friends. Is this bad?
What will help me just chill out a little?
How do I deal with friends and other unknown people when they pop up to my place for a photoshoot because they know I have a DSLR?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
What do I say to my friend who is constantly complaining about her health?
How do I find Damo Suzuki so he can give a friend of a friend an anti-drug motivational speech?
How do I ignore people that give me negative vibes?
What does it mean when someone calls you a superstar?
Why do some people have a tendency to record casual phone conversations?
How has ASD affected your social life?
How do you meet guys on the bus?
How do I make conversation with anyone?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do you know that a person is being fake in front of you?
Are friends nice?
What does it mean when someone who you are building a friendship with doesn't reply to your messages?
Why do girls never get friendly with me like they do with other guys in my class?
Why do my friends become selfish when they find a new person to interact with?
Do you find it difficult to have a conversation in Starbucks?
How I make friends and friend groups on Quora?
Is there any country where it would be normal to go alone to a disco and meet people there?
Why would a quiet person just start talking nonstop?
What is the meaning if female friend give you dolls?
Would you want to be friends with someone who had no friends?
How do I start talking with her?
What would life be like if people didn't talk?
How do you tell someone to be less self-obsessed without being offensive?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
How should I deal with a toxic friend who keeps telling me not to end our friendship because she has no other friends?
What are some of the best words that can be added into daily talks/chats to make conversations more effective?
Does talking back to a friend count as bullying?
Can you love and hate a person at the same time?
What have your bullies taught you?
How would you handle an inappropriate touch from someone in authority that you look up to?
What are some topics that a very smart girl might want to talk to you about?
Can you compliment someone's looks without sounding as if you're hitting on them? If so, how?
Do true friends really exist?
If a female isn't into me, I usually come out as creepy or homosexual; is it always okay to initiate a conversation, even if I come out as creepy?
What does it mean when a friend always forgets you?
Should I say 'NO' if I don't feel anything right to do or join without caring what I could lose or what will happen if I decline?
How can I politely tell people who come to me for advice that I can't invest time into healing them?
How can I became close to my former classmates? They knew me as a special child and immature person.
Are genius people socially awkward?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
What's​ the best way to tell an individual who's very close to you that he/she has a bad breath without making the person feel embarrassed?
Should I text someone who never starts the conversation?
What would be the best thing I could do so that I would be genuinely interested in a conversation?
How do you ask someone not to sing at all, very politely?
How do you avoid awkward silence, and keep a conversation going without it being boring?
How can I get to know the real me? People act differently around each other and I think I do that too, and now I think I forgot who I really am.
What are some of the tricks to keep the conversation interesting and keep going with young ladies online?
Do you always have friends to cheer you up?
What does it mean if someone watches me everyday, at all hours, and yet they don’t talk to me?
As a gay male, how can I tell if my straight best friend is interested in more than friendship?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
What do I do if people make fun of me because I'm losing my hair? I'm 23.
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
Why do someone says they care but ignore your texts for hours?
How do you react when someone humiliates you in front of other people?
How should I talk fluently and without hesitation when I'm on a stage?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who is overly involved in my life and my private issues, and who is overly possessive and wants me to stop talking to all my guy friends?
What should I do if a friend doesn't really care?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
How do I make everyone like me at school?
How do you tell your friends that you're Muslim?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
I found myself alone with no friends. What do I have to do?
How should I say good bye to all my friends on Quora?
How do I ignore others’ mistakes when we don't know the way to correct or convince them without hurting them?
Is it using someone if you ask them to buy you weed?
Did you ever want to say more than thank you to someone but you couldn't?
What does it mean if I draw diagonal lines while talking with someone on the phone?
Are sales (in a luxury market) something you can learn to excel at or do you have to naturally be good at it (I'm a shy introvert)?
Should I stay friends with my friend?
Is it weird to walk up to a girl and start talking?
To what extent is it ok to be friends with a guy without giving them the wrong idea? In other words, how do I maintain a platonic friendship?
What would the world be like if we we're taught to talk to strangers as children?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
How do I respect others and stop joking and swearing so much as a teen?
How can a person go from his dear and near ones forever without hurting them?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
How do I make my friend buy me something?
Can you give me types of your ideal upper classmates?
What are some good ways to start (and keep going) a conversation with a quiet/introverted girl?
How do I decline an invitation by a girlfriend of my brother?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
Why do girls not respond clearly if they are not interested to talk?
What is bad friendship?
Were people talking about me when I said something?
How do I make new friends when all of my friends moved to different states or countries to work after we graduated?
Why are all my friends heathens?
How do I ignore someone who demotivates me?
I used to talk alot before but not anymore. What happened to me?
I don't have a radar for who I like/dislike. I like everyone and make friends with whoever wants to be friends with me. What's wrong with me?
How can I best support my friends who are inmates, without being manipulated?
How do I talk efficiently when meeting with someone?
Can a person who is on my contact list tell who I am talking with?
My friends never contact me first unless they want to gather information from me. How should I react?
How do I respond to a friend who beat me for mocking his girlfriend?
What do you do if your group of friends mistake you to be rude when instead you are an introvert?
What is an appropriate gesture for a female patient to make to thank her (male) surgeon, without it being awkward or overstepping the line?
How do I make friends with American girls?
How should I respond when someone asks me, “Why do you look so worried; what’s going on?”
What is a way to stop over indulging in friends?
I am very shy and I have zero confidence when it comes to meeting new people especially girls. What can I do?
How do I overcome the embarrassment and humiliation of opening up to someone who then rejected me? I'm generally not an open person.
How do I keep up an interesting conversation with a girl over coffee?
Who is your best buddy?
How do you react when people open up to you?
How can you tell if someone really likes you?
What are the interesting things one can include in conversations with a boy?
How do you get someone to talk to you after a month of ignoring you over something you think is silly but may not be to them?
Would you confess your feelings to someone even if you know you both don't have a future together?
How can I tell the cute foreign girl that I like her?
A narcissistic person harassed me and now is cutting me out of his life. He holds a high position in a school (not mine). Should I talk to someone?
Why do I feel shy when I see girls or other strangers when walking on the street?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What does it tell you when someone shares too much?
How do I impress my Facebook female friends?
How do I make a person to stop talking in a conversation who does not give you a chance to talk as well?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
Can you handle not talking with your coworker because of a misunderstanding? She's not talking to me anymore.
Is graduate school a good place to make friends?
My work is having a potluck and we all have to bring something. I am extremely broke and can't provide. How do I tell them that?
How can elderly people make new friends when they are not in the bingo or church sets?
How should one respond to being called a liar by close friends?
How do you give someone your number?
How do I give a befitting reply to someone who repeatedly belittles me in front of everyone?
How can you tell if someone is actually in the US armed forces when they tell you that it’s top secret?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
What do Engelbert Humperdinck’s friends/family call him?
How can I come across single guys in Bhubaneswar?
How can I tell that a friend is mad at me?
How can I tell my parents in a polite way that my Mains went horrible?
Should I have female friends if I am in a relationship?
I've often been the person to reach out and invite, but I’m ready to give up doing so. I'm willing to make time for others. Why does no one reach out to me?
What will you do when your friend ignores you?
What is an easy way to turn enemies into friends?
Why do friends hang out with friends of the same height?
What does it mean if I want to cut off all contact with my friends and family?
How do I respond to someone who tells you to cry more?
How do I stop hanging out with an annoying friend politely?
What's better, hurting someone directly by telling the whole truth or waiting to let them figure it out themselves and leave?
If a guy gave you his number, how long is it usually before you respond?
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
Have you ever abused your best friend for leaving without any reason?
How can you tell if someone is lying, while having a conversation with them?
What does it mean when someone cheap calls you cheap?
Why some guys are so shy?
If someone says, 'You have a way with words,' is it always meant as a compliment?
When people begin and end their reply by saying, "Thanks for your comment," does that mean they're closing the conversation?
When someone asks "what's with the shoes" or "what's with the xyz" what do you usually take that as?
How can we figure out what is going in someone's brain about you?
How do you message a girl on social media that you have seen but have never talked to?
How can I stop getting nervous when talking to guys I don't know?
Is it odd to tell someone they would have been a good father?
How do I become outgoing and not afraid of meeting new people?
How do you explain when things don't go as you assume?
What do I say to someone I haven't seen in over a year?
How do I stop talking so much when I'm high?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
If someone told me “I was tired yesterday,” what should I say - “I am sorry to hear that”?
How do I behave with rude people?
Can you find out how often my friend is talking and messaging to a certain person on his iPhone without him knowing?
Why does everyone call me and contact me only when they need me for something?
What are the best ways to improve fluency in conversational German?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
Who should I talk to if everyone ignores me when I need them the most?
How can I make friends from MIT, Stanford, Michigan who are studying nuclear engineering?
How can I carry on a successful conversation with little to no questions? I also annoy people unintentionally by telling them facts.
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
I'm so lonely. My friends are moving and I have no one. What should I do?
How do I deal with a situation where a senior person blames me for every mess in the office?
How do I meet a female stranger at the movie theatre?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
What does it mean when a girl (total stranger) whistles at you?
Is there anyone I can talk to on prosthetics?
How can I deal with loneliness in college?
How should I respond when a black person tells me to "check my privilege"?
How can I keep a close friendship with someone I've outgrown in maturity?
Why does everyone think I'm a good person to talk to?
Is it impolite to ask someone about a facial scar?
How do I deal with the fact that someone is ignoring me?
Is it bad not to have close friends at the age of 25?
How can I respectfully respond to people who belittle themselves?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
Suppose I'm visiting my family, and they went out of their way to prepare a meal just for me, but I did not like it. Should I be honest and tell them?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How do I deal with ghetto people?
My best friend is not reciprocating the friendship and avoids talking with me. What would have made him turn like this?
Is it healthy to only have friends who are in the same industry as you are?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
How do I shut up and take it and still be cool?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
What can you do if you offended someone and then apologized but they shout at you and make you feel so stupid?
Who do I always avoid direct eye contact with everybody?
How do you deal with rude people talking on a cell phone in public?
How do I make my conversational language perfect and interesting?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
What's a nice thing to say to someone who keeps dropping the ball and the conversation when I need something done, that will still get my point across (texting)?
I’m in love with my best friend but don't want to ruin our friendship. I need help (bisexuality). What do I do?
I have moved 2-3 times in my high school career. How do I make friends?
How can I change my belief that if I approach women or try to seduce them, they will roast me, scorn me, belittle me, mock me and make fun of me?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
How does one deal with ghosting by an old friend?
Being a youngster (19 years) with no job yet, how can I help poor/street children get educated?
I don't want to talk to anyone anymore. What are the possible psychological reasons for this?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
When a woman tells you her name and laughs and smiles at things you say, are they interested in you or just being very friendly?
How can I know I am not misjudging my friends?
What are the ways to deal with people who make fun of your appearance, if they are doing it just to make you feel insecure?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
Have you as a couple decided to stop talking for some months so that one of you could qualify the exam you’re aiming for?
What is the best strategy at meetings? Talking too much can be bothersome but being quiet is seen as not participating.
What is the difference between venting about someone and badmouthing them?
How does someone become socially adept?
How do I become more energetic on social situations?
Is it good to talk much? And how do I reduce the way I talk?
How do I deal with a person who affects us everytime we talk, by praising oneself and letting you down? Also, we have a common group.
How do you politely tell someone that you don't want to be friends with them anymore without sounding rude?
Do people form friendships on the basis of looks in college?
Did Athena Walker have trouble finding friends when she was younger? Was there a time where she had no friends?
What is the meaning when someone says"don't count chickens before they hatch"?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
How do I diplomatically advise my friend to change her double-faced nature?
Someone pointed out my mistake in front of everyone and took credit for my old work by writing "see my code, this is right". Should I confront him?
What are some ways to deal with an unpredictable friend?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
How do I deal with witty people?
How do I handle if someone makes fun of my confidence?
Is evangelising to your friends "out of nowhere" a good idea?
Whenever I talk for more than 3 minutes, my throat begins to dry and it becomes harder to continue speaking afterwards. Is this normal?
Is it bad that you lose contact with everyone you knew? If not, why do I feel guilty and pointless in making new friends?
Can too much honesty ruin friendships?
What conversation questions do old people like?
How do I give up on the idea to save everyone?
What is generally common between men who have mostly female friends, as well as women who have mostly male friends?
What should I do if I know all my friends are fake?
I recently had an argument with a friend and my rising adrenaline prevented me from making valid points. My mind was blank. How do I prevent this?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
How can I start a good conversation without having an awkwardness?
It becomes a problem sometimes to talk to an official in banks or at other counters. How do you initiate talks with them for a positive response?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
After ignoring me for a long time, my friend just told me that he doesn't feel like talking to me anymore and also that I'm a sober person. Should I break my friendship with him?
Is it necessary to maintain friends?
How can I start from 0 friends after all of my friends betrayed me? Is there anyone who can help me by listening to my story?
How do I make myself more likeable to people around me?
What are some psychology or life hacks for interpersonal interactions? For example, when meeting someone new, should you allow that person to come to you first?
He seems interested in me, so should I play hard to get or just be straight forward with him? I just realized I'm interested in him now.
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How can I reply if someone makes fun of me for being friend-zoned?
How do I respond to "wait, is that you?" in a photo that looks like you, but isn’t?
When he asks “what are you doing on weekends”, does it means he's asking me out?
Can my talking skills decrease because nowadays I don't talk too much?
Up to what extremes can you go to for helping your friend?
One of my friends has tried LSD, should I be worried? How can I convince him to stop?
What is the optimal way to meet new people on a daily basis?
What is Altucher saying?
Do you ask permission from your spouse for everything that you do? What do you do that doesn't require permission?
I had more friends when I had none. Should I stop socializing?
What are some exercises to keep a conversation going?
How do I make my friend to talk to me again?
How do you typically reply to texts with someone when the conversation is dying?
Does having no friends mean something is wrong with you?
How can I hold my nerves when someone teases me?
Should we say sorry if it is not our mistake?
How do you talk to someone who only wants to talk about themselves?
How do I tell a guy that I want to stay in touch?
How can I avoid spitting while talking?
How do I respond to someone who says “I don't want to use Tor because I have nothing to hide”?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
If a friend hurts you romantically, should it define the future of your friendship?
What should I say to console a friend who has been going through rough times since 2014?
Is it customary to establish a friendship with someone before initiating something romantic?
How do I admit to my orchestra teacher that I quit his class just to spite him?
What should I say when someone says I could kill him with my stare?
How can one respond in a group business email when someone who initially made an error says, "well we were both wrong"?
What topic should I talk with the CEO?
When should I ask a woman, "Is your goal friendship or romance?"
What interests do friends have?
What is the best way to deal with people who offend you because of jealousy?
Why can't I stop talking about what happened to me?
How do I get past small talk?
Is it necessary to be social?
Why I am unsocial?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
Why would my friend tell people I'm scary?
How important is it to you if someone disagrees with you on the internet?
What would be the appropriate thing to say if someone that you respect disrespected you?
What's trashy if you are trashy but classy if you are classy?
What are my chances of pursuing someone who is gay but is not that interested in me?
What is the need to form bonds with new people and interact with them in this present crap world?
Is it ok if I don't meet my lifelong friends in college?
Should/how do I talk to a girl in front of her parents?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
How do you get along with Spanish people?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
Why do people say talking with a spirit guide is easy? I’ve tried super hard and I can't.
I never know when and what to speak. I say anything in any situation. What should I do?
How do I stop being someone's friend without them knowing?
How can you politely find out the name of the person you are talking to who assumes you should remember them?
What should I do with the son of the boss who is a colleague?
What kinds of people should we make friends with?
What was your ideological difference with Larry Sanger? Are you still friends with him?
How can I start a conversation with a stranger on Quora?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What is the best way to start a conversation​?
Why are some people trying to buy friends?
Is it weird to prefer hanging out with guys?
How do I make my friend snap out of her apathy?
When will there be a Friends sequel?
Is asking many questions childish?
Should I listen to all these tips and "how-to's" which you can find on the internet?
What does it mean when someone mocks you?
How I deal with manupulative people at work?
What are some funny or witty responses for when someone ask you 'where are you living' or 'where are you residing'?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
How do I get rid of someone?
Is it rare for people to have zero friends?
What should I do if a new girl comes into my group of friends and I feel replaced?
Do guys ever legitimately ask a woman to be friends?
Why is it okay to tell quiet people to speak up but rude to ask talkative people to shut up?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
What does it mean when someone calls you a lovely thing?
What can I do to expand my social life and career outside of what I was enclosed to?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
How do I help someone without looking like a jerk?
How can I get out of my box and enjoy the world? How can I make true meaningful friends?
Why would my friend tell me one thing and our friend another thing besides a two faced to my face?
Why don’t I have the desire to talk to people?
How do I stop talking to unfriendly classmates?
When I see women my age (20) in public and smile or say hi, as we pass each other they never say hi back or rarely even look up. Why is this?
My friend buys lotto tickets when the jackpot hits $300 million or more. How can I convince my friend to stop gambling since it's dangerous and wrong?
Why is my former best friend ignoring me?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
How can I healthily disclose?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Do you make friends with other men based on their looks or personality?
If a guy frequently makes references to the last time you hung out, or previous conversations you've had, does that mean he likes you?
I am 27. I am losing my jobs. What do I need to do to be more assertive, fix my life, be normal/right, and be brave in any life situations?
Is it weird if you like a girl's picture on Facebook if you're making glances but not talking in real life?
Which word would you use to describe boys who have more female friends than male friends?
How can I tell someone who likes me that I don't want to talk to them anymore?
I have some friends who never invite me anymore. They are always telling me how busy they are, should I cut them off from my life?
How do you get along with a person and make him like you when he is not ready to listen to you and deliberately turns down your ideas?
How can you deal with a group of hostile people?
How does one make friends after college?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
How do you respond to people who use other people to talk to you?
How do I become more friendly and social​?
How can I say no to my teacher without upsetting him?
How do I deal with people who taunt me for no reason?
How do you reject someone's request when you really don't want to do what they request (actually they can do it themselves)?
What are some unique compliments?
An old friend who used to be abusive to me, now wants to reconnect, should I resolve or sever all contact?
I’m anxious and I can’t sleep as I just think about poor people and old workers. What can I do to calm down and feel better?
Do you find it rude when a person enters a room without knocking first?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
How can my body language appeal to all cultures?
I am very poor at talking. How can I improve it?
How can I make a conversation with a girl on social media interesting?
If someone tells you that you lack professional integrity and to go enjoy a 9-5 lifestyle, is that person being a jerk or simply being honest?
Why do people often ask this question-Tell something about me?- if you're a student of psychology?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
If I'm missing my best friend, what does that mean?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
How do I get over disappointment from a friend?
What should you do when you are not treated well by your friends because you are physically weak?
Why am I scared to lose a fake friend?
How should I talk to a boy?
How shall I remind my friend about the money she owes me? She is a close friend, so I can't ask directly. What shall I do?
How do I start a conversation with a female stranger in the work environment?
Where can I find someone who can make some character art for me? I will be able to tell them what it should look like.
My friend wants to become an activist but has a fear of being persecuted. How can I help?
Why can't I get along with people?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
What do you think if someone ask you "wanna be friends"?
Where can I find a Fudanshi friend?
Why would a best friend refuse to talk or share a word with you for years?
What is the last compliment you made to someone?
What is the best way to tell someone about suicidal thoughts?
Can you forgive someone and not want to see them?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
What are some quick responses that can be said to people when they tell you a story/small talk and you have nothing to say about it?
What should one do when someone tells you who they really are and it isn't what you want to hear?
What causes people to change?
How do I deal with quarrels and scolding conversations?
What will it take for the government to get along?
Do guys become close friends with girls they deem unattractive?
How should I respond to a person who says that people not following the news will lead to 1984?
At 68 years of age, I seem to have no friends and I am having unusual difficulty making new ones. What should I do, or not do, to remedy this?
How do we determine what's socially acceptable to make fun of?
How can I decrease my shyness and talk freely with girls?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
What are some good conversation starters for potential girlfriends?
How do I convey a message to the person who doesn't want to talk to me anywhere on networking sites nor meet me in person to solve our issues?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
Do people unconsciously love misery?
What are some ways to deal with an arrogant friend?
What are some good tactics to have a conversation with people who don't stop to listen and talk only about themselves?
What is the best way to deal with someone who demeans me as having mediocre aims in life?
What are some creative ways of making a scrapbook for a best friend?
What clothes should I pack for a trip to Tbilisi, Georgia from 25th April to 30th April 2017?
Why do I really not like to talk anymore?
Where can I meet single white guys in Silicon Valley?
How do I get over friends who were once my best buddies?
How do I become friends with my boss?
Why are Indian girls scared of talking with strangers?
What should I say to my friend who lost her school election?
Why would my hubby let his friend’s wife put me down and not defend me?
Are there people who only talk to you when they need you?
What should I do if I want to communicate in Mandarin with the Chinese students at my school?
I am very social, but I have no friend-group. There is always someone in a group that doesn't want me there so I leave. What is wrong?
Should I just ignore it when my friend refers to me by a nickname I have told them I don't like (going from 'Ghost whisperer' to 'MS.Scientific accuracy')?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
Most of my friends come to me only when they need something from me, like help with their English or Maths assignments, or money. Should I continue being friends with those who take advantage of me?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
Does the possibility of people proactively talking or chatting with me never exist at all?
How can I get rid of this guy? I went to another church, even hid in the ladies’ room to avoid him. He waits outside and peeps, creepy.
How can I deal with people who call me fat?
When do you know that a friendship is over?
How can I explain to an adult that anime is not just for kids?
What's the best way for an introvert to approach a girl in public and start a conversation?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
Is it aristocratic or liberal or irrational to have friends without benefits?
What would happen if you told someone how you felt but he/she ignored you then acted normal and then disappeared again?
How do I politely decline an invite to my mate’s place when it's very dirty and messy? Every time they ask, I go round, but I hate going.
Why is it that every time I get close to someone I start hating them?
What should be the best reply if someone calls you "battery"?
What is the best way to get back at my roommate?
How do I be more outgoing and approachable?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
How do I respond to people calling me extra? It's annoying.
What is the best way to teach 'small talk' to a reclusive adult?
Is it wrong that I only want low maintenance friends?
How do you politely tell an interfering friend to back off a little?
What are the best and the fastest ways to surround your self with people who have the same interests?
Why do I get nervous around new people?
How can you tell if someone isn’t listening to you on the phone?
What is to be done when you know your friend (whom you don't want to lose) talks about you behind your back and is faking your friendship?
I no longer feel like hanging out with friends or socializing. I try to avoid socializing. Is this normal?
What do I do when someone asks me to take off my shirt?
Am I missing out on anything by not drinking?
How can you tell if someone secretly likes or dislikes you?
Can I avoid loneliness by hanging out with my married friends? They are the same age as me.
What does wearing a Swatch say about someone?
How do people act around people with ASPD?
Does Mexico and China get along well?
What should you do if you have a lot of frenemies?
What is the etiquette for ending a conversation you’ve lost interest in, on WhatsApp?
How do I carry on an interesting conversation with a stranger?
How old were you when you found your true friend?
What are the first things you do/think when you meet new people?
I think my friend is gay, how do I approach him?
How do you still be positive, knowing your only friends make you feel terribly alone?
Do you need conversations in a story?
Why would someone who is taken agree to hang out with a former crush?
What will be the best way to start a conversation with an unknown person?
What does it mean, if you're the only one who initiates conversations with someone?
Should I build things myself, learn new stuff, and improve myself, or should I hangout with friends, make new friends, and enjoy time with them?
How can we know if an acquaintance is gay based on a first conversation?
Why is a “hot and cold” female friend now constantly ignoring me (male)?
Should I care about the people to whom I used to talk a lot, but who no longer seem to want to talk to me?
What should I do when my best friend is busy making foreign friends?
Why do so many girls’ online dating profiles say not to message them if you voted for Trump?
How come my friend is loud on the phone? Is it rude.
Have you ever unintentionally roasted someone?
What should you do if someone you know is suicidal and you are worried about them?
I've sent her my picture. She stopped talking to me. Am I that ugly?
Why do people text when it is much easier to communicate by talking to someone?
Should I tell him that I miss him even if we have no title yet?
Why is it that some people will say that others have it harder when someone talks about their problems but then go on to talk about their problems?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
How do I politely decline my hearing sister's wedding invitation? She never accepted the fact that I am deaf, and I’m always feeling left out.
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
How do I keep focus on what really matters in life instead of falling back to trivial things too much (e.g. computer game)?
I suggested that me and a friend meet and catch up. She chose a fancy restaurant. Should I read anything into this?
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
Is it bad that I (a female) do not have that many female friends?
Do you respond when someone says thank you?
You are ill and a neighbor insists they do dishes and light housework for you. You accept, but she does a terrible job. Should you say something?
Do you really need close friends at school?
Should I tell someone at work that I have feelings for them?
How do I turn conversation into long conversation?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
What are the signs of a toxic friendship?
How do I change my personality completely? I need to become a quiet person so I can fit in. How do I learn to be quiet?
How do I command respect from people, being 27 years old?
How can I change my circle of friends?
How is my friend able to get better marks than me?
Are girls usually shy talking to a guy?
I beat my daughter and took away Her money and things, and she won't talk to me. What do I do?
I don't have a lot of friends. What am I doing wrong?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
What is the importance of friendship?
What is the best way to initiate conversation with Enterprise customer?
How should I start a letter to my lawyer? Should I start with "How are you doing?" Will it sound a little awkward this way?
Should I discuss my aims and preparation strategies for an examination with anyone?
What happens to your friends at school?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
What are some huge benefits of being a loner?
How do I tackle atelophobia?
How can I make more friends in my life?
Why are people so shallow? I'm cute, fun and friendly but because I'm overweight nobody ever asks me out. It's pretty lonely. I'm female and 240 lbs.
I equate my polite female colleague to a "yes man". Is that wrong?
Should I try to be friends with someone I am not receiving attention from? Shouldn't I think about my self-respect?
I enjoy being a loner in college. I have a few close friends but I've been told that this is unhealthy. What should I do?
Do you have a friend who you created in your imagination?
How do I not feel less compared to my boyfriend who knows so many people and has a lot of friends?
How can I start a conversation with a girl I like over text?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
What are some good tips for making friends in high school?
How do you know if you've gone too far in self-disclosure? How do you stop being too open and stop thinking other people will always try to understand you?
Why do I attract people/friends in a lower financial bracket?
What are some brain hacks I can use to make my friends like me better?
How do you hint to people that you do not want to talk and wish them to leave you alone ASAP, without explicitly saying it?
I haven't exactly had many close friendships until now and I don't really know how to be such a good friend. How can I be a good friend to people?
Why am I sad when my friends get new friends?
How do I decline an invitation from my brother's girlfriend?
What does it mean, if a guy doesn't talk to you unless you talk to him first on FB? (Once I talk to him, he answers me immediately.) Is he just nice?
How can I tone down perfectionism?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
How do I respond when someone is kidding me?
If a guy stares at you, could it be because he thinks that you like him?
How can a stranger start talking to Susmita Das?
A woman is really nervous around me at work. She keeps eavesdropping on my conversations. What should I do?
What are some of the best ways to respond to and/or tolerate people who ask disingenuous questions and/or say disingenuous statements to insult you?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How can I stop looking awkward while cuddling?
Have you worked for someone that only speaks when they want you to do something for them?
How do I deal with "lets just be friends" when I want more?
How do you make friends as single mid-30's adult in Manhattan?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I know I'm friends with toxic people? What are the signs?
When you answer "I don't know" and get asked the same question phrased differently, what does that say about the asker?
What are some things you should say to a friend as they die?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
Since my father's demise, none of my friends has kept the same level of friendship as earlier. Why is the world full of so much emotionless people?
What are the best answers​ to give when someone is asking for nude pictures?
I find informal social situations like chatting over drinks awkward. How can I learn to talk more and not state the obvious so much?
How do I move on from a past friendship?
Are there any instances in life and work where experience is more of a liability than an asset?
What if my friend is acting rude?
How do you respond when in the restroom and the person in the stall next to you thinks you're their friend?
How do I know if my friends are real or just make-believe in my head?
How can I deal with people when in every conversation they try to have the last word most of the time?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
What do you think when someone asks, “are you happy?”
When a friend gossips about you to your friend, are they talking about themselves?
Why do people want to be my friend?
What is the best place to meet new people in Eindhoven?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
Everytime I talk to girls, something bad happens. Now I'm awkward around everyone. What do I do?
How can I start a coversation with a stranger girl by social networks?
How do I get rid of bullies?
What is the best way to respond to negative people?
Do you know why your friendship came to an end?
What are the fundamentals of dating?
How do I initiate a conversation with an attractive girl in my neighbourhood?
What kind of facial expressions do you make when you want someone to go away or leave you alone?
Do you believe friendship is important in life/school?
How can I make friends when I'm more mature than everyone I meet, and nobody recognises or respects me in the way I want?
How have your friends changed you?
How do I impress a girl for the first time if I want to kiss her?
How can I make my friends care about me?
Is talking to a stranger morally wrong?
If your friend did something that affected your friendship, how do you react?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
I message a lot of people on my contact list because I feel lonely. How do I stop this?
What if someone tells you all you do is air grievances on Facebook? What do you do about it?
Why are some people so shy and some are not?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How can't you know when an insincere friend is just faking being real?
How can one avoid awkwardness, especially if caused by an inequality in intelligence in the interaction?
Should I, as a high school rising sophomore, come out as gay to my friends?
How do you build momentum in a conversation?
How do I tell my friend polity things that he shouldn’t do?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
What's the best way to deal with a coworker after an awkward exchange?
How do I tell my friend I like him without scaring him and losing our friendship?
How do I defend myself when men tease me? It is very annoying. They don't want to stop even when I ignore them.
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
A non-Muslim friend believes that Islam is a religion inspired by Arabic culture and it should not interfere with the economic, social and political life/sphere of a person. What should I say?
What are some useful books / resources for people who find making/maintaining friendships difficult?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why would you start a forced conversation after the spark died?
How do you show that you know a lot about programming to someone who makes fun of you?
How do I convince my friend to not give up on school and leave?
What is social censorship?
I like this guy I've been friends with for the past 4 days. I want to talk to him in person but we are in different grades. How do I talk to him?
Why do people feel awkward when it becomes quiet when they are with other people?
How do you overcome office loneliness when you're a socially awkward person?
Is it appropriate to ask compensation to a friend if he/she damages your vehicle?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
Why do people always make fun of me wherever I go?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
What are common reasons friends hate each other after living together?
How do I deal with my friends who talk behind my back about having sex with another friend of mine?
How can I find a person to talk to?
What would be your first question or reaction if you were to meet someone who said, “I am a time traveller from 2136 AD”?
How can I talk to someone/become friends with someone who has severe social anxiety?
How do I advise someone politely?
How can you keep a consistent conversation with a woman?
Why do boys act like they like you but when you like them back they say it was a joke?
Why should someone not use hand gestures while talking?
Why are there days when nobody on the internet, not even my friends, responds to me?
How should I respond to others devaluing my opinions or experience because I'm a white male?
What does someone who is in hospice want to talk about?
Why can’t I help sharing and talking to others when I find something meaningful or interesting?
If you are given a chance to talk to a person who suicidal, what will you say to him/her?
Can you give me tips to make good conversations with people?
What are some interesting tricks to read a person you just met?
How did people learn new languages during a time where there was no proper or documented form of it?
What should I do if my teacher ignores me in class and discourages me by speaking ill about my future?
What should I do to build my social connections, as I do not have any friends?
Has any female stranger ever started a conversation by asking something about your penis at a nudist place?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
How do I not go out of my way to please my friends?
What do you say to someone or how do you comfort someone who doesn’t think they are good enough or is always put last?
I have no social life. What's wrong with me?
How do you talk about boundaries with a friend who's already crossed them, without offending them?
What if a female friend sends me morning texts but does not talk to me anymore like she used to?
You have a very beautiful smile, was that intentional? (also was this question considered socially awkward?)
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you make friends at Harvard Visitas?
What should I do if I need to talk to someone about my problems?
How do I surprise my best friend in order to make things normal between us after a big misunderstanding?
How do I deal with my megalomaniacal roommate?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
Is it a good or a bad sign if someone can accurately guess your profession without you telling them?
How can I become a more supportive and positive friend?
Is it possible to be friends with someone who has different ideologies?
How do I cope up with the unlimited expectations of the people around me?
What do you suppose a sex offender would most likely resemble, an anti-social recluse or a social butterfly who's friends with everyone?
I'm a topper and don't have any friends. My classmates who compete with me make fun of me when I get low marks and I’m going crazy. How can I be free of depression?
A guy does not want to talk to a girl privately but wants to be seen in public talking and having conversations with her. What is going on?
Should I ask her out after one of her shows? (That feels creepy to me.) Or do I ask her out via a message?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
Does everyone has a best friend?
My best friend has developed an attraction to me. What should I do?
What do I do when I am talking to my friends and someone I do not know walks into the conversation?
Why would people want to hang out with me if they don't really like me?
How can I learn to make new friends again?
Someone you love always asks you for help (as a friend). Should you continue to help the person or avoid the person so you can control your feelings?
What do you do when you see that your best friend gives the impression that they don't value the friendship anymore?
What should I do to not get diverted from many things?
How do I talk to myself?
How do I avoid small talk?
What are some open ended questions to keep conversation long enough?
Can a person who makes less effort to make a conversation happen be considered as a boring texter?
How do I tell my professor politely not to show partiality with regard to students, so that he should understand and never do the same again in his career?
How can an introvert make friends without changing himself much in nature?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
How can I find out if a friend is alive or not in Canada?
How can I ask my manager politely for some clarification?
Why do men cover their crotches with both hands while talking to women?
My hubby starts a conversation and when I get deep into the conversation, he gets irritated and mad. Why is that?
Should I continue to pursue a friendship with a married woman?
How do you overcome bad people who are persistent roadblocks in your life?
How do different kids of people deal with stereotypes?
What are qualities that are important in a friendship for the relationship to flourish?
If I am arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me, is it still considered assault/battery?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do you respond to "how are you" when you know that the person asking doesn't care but you want to create an interest?
Why should I be all apologies?
What are some ways to help an abuse victim feel like they have a right to have personal boundaries?
What can I talk about on boring phone conversations to make them more interesting?
What do I do if someone tells me they have been molested?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
How can I build an image so that no one noticed me?
Should I stop being friends with someone I've hooked up with because it makes my girlfriend uncomfortable?
How do I make guy friends, especially male colleagues?
Why does a female friend deliberately spread her friend's old, fat photos around?
Why do people always get angry and respond when someone says or comments something about their religion (especially in India)?
How can I suddenly lose interest in my best friend? (We didn't have a fight or argument, but the following week I just didn't want us to be friends anymore)?
How do you make friends with someone who is too cool?
What are some catchy things to say?
Should I talk to my friend about things about his behaviour that really bother me?
I'm 24. How can I build social skills and a friend group?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
What does it mean to hate someone?
What is the best app to find new friends?
If adulthood could talk, what would it say?
If a woman is talking to you and complains that you are not listening - how much onus is on them to be interesting?
How do I find my lost jewelry?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
My friend just gave a toast at my friend's birthday party revealing my sexuality (not straight) without my permission. What should I do?
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
Is greeting my friends with "heil Feynman" racist?
Should you contact a person if you came to know she had a crush on you?
How do introverts start a conversation when someone calls on the phone?
What are concrete examples of "getting out there" if you are a shy person?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
What did your friend/acquaintance did/said that embarrassed you but they never knowingly did to hurt/embaress you?
How can we help each other in times of difficulty?
How do you apologize to the husband/wife of the person you slept with? Is it worth trying to apologize in this situation?
As a minor, will I get in trouble if I hang out with others who are drinking even if I am not drinking?
What should I do when I think I'm starting to like my best friend in more than just a friendly way? Also, what if it ruins the friendship we have?
What kind of questions can I ask to a guy I like to keep the conversation going?
Did it take time for conversation to improve between you and your S.O.?
What is it like to make friends with an individual from a community/group that your family doesn’t approve of?
How do I know if my friends envy me low key because I'm getting better at something?
How do I connect with other lonely people like me on Quora to strike up a good friendship?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What are some tips to make a first good impression as a new teacher on my students and make them want to become friends with me?
How do I avoid loose talking in public places?
What are some of the best auto rickshaw talks/incidents/conversations Indians have had?
Will I seem more intelligent if I use more Latin phrases like ipso facto in my everyday speech?
How can I hold a conversation with a random person?
What other good software are there that can talk/speak what I write in them, like Talk It?
Have you ever had an internet friend pass away?
Why, in Portugal, don’t people usually talk about culture or other interesting topics?
How can you politely ask someone about staying online even free saying a goodbye?
Why do I get mad at my female friend quite often?
How can I manage between my two friends who are not good friends themselves?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
Is it right to tap other people's conversations?
Why can’t I stop hating my friend who hurt me and ignored me?
Where do I go in Dubrovnik to meet and socialize with young people?
How can I make a good friendship?
What should I do if my one friend talks behind my back and he is the only intellectual guy in my class?
Would people find it laughable/difficult to talk to me or be friends with me if I lack social skills?
How do you retain more about the information a person is talking about to you during a conversation?
How do I make female friends on Quora?
Are EXO members really friends?
If a female colleague is always playing office politics and trying to get me in trouble, what steps should I take?
What care had you taken while fighting with derealization/depersonalization?
How do you deal with posers who think they are hot stuff, and maybe even imposing to you, but are off-putting and banal, with worse potential, to you?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
How do I get motivation in final's week if I don't have friends and you have to study all alone?
There is someone I want to be friends with, but they avoid me. How can I earn their friendship?
Is daily conversation required in a friendship?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
What is the best way to tell people to cover their mouths when coughing in public?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
What does it mean when someone says "Don't believe your own press"?
How should I go about getting to know the other students better after spending most of high school barely speaking to anyone outside of my own clique?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What is a good comeback when someone goes 'okay mom' when you are trying to be helpful?
What can I say to a stranger when he asks for my picture?
Why did my Capricorn friend who likes me stop talking to me?
What are some tricks or methods one can use to carry on an interesting conversation style as opposed to a forced or try-hard one?
Ethics is illustrated by how one acts towards others. Is ethics more than a semi-codified assessment of healthy behavior for a given social group?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
What if someone very close to you is not understanding you?
What should a person do after a breakup if they don’t have anyone else to talk to and they are slowly turning suicidal?
Do you ever get so lonely that you pretend someone is always with you?
What's classy if you're trashy, but trashy if you're classy?
How do I resolve pent-up resentment from someone who used to be a close friend/crush that I alienated?
How can I nicely get rid of my friends?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
What are some interesting points to make to have a good and interesting conversation?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
My social skills are somewhat declining. What should I do?
My classmate stole from me then she hugged me like a pretentious bitch. Is she a sociopath or does she have a psychological disorder?
How do you become friends with someone who you use to be close with?
What do you do if you have a good friend who is Islamophobic and/or racist?
What is the best question to go straight to deep conversations?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
How can someone have a crush for more than 6 months while they never talked to that person?
Is it okay for a woman to approach a guy and ask for his number?
I have a friend with depression who lives in a different state than me, how do I let them know that I'm there for them without it being overwhelming?
Why don’t Indians let their kids develop social skills?
Why do I always start with being a friend and end up with a bad image?
How would be a friendship with Athena Walker? And what are the differences to a friendship with a neurotypical?
Are you scared while you talk about your amazing product idea with someone?
How can I find where a person is that is talking with me on Hangout?
Is it normal to miss someone so much whom you've just met?
How can I be distant without coming off as rude?
Do tall people ever wish that it was socially acceptable to pick someone up when giving them a hug, as to avoid awkwardness?
What is the best sarcastic reply if someone says "same to you" after an insult?
What are the types of people that you should always avoid talking to?
How can I stop being a people pleaser because I want people to like me?
How do I deal with a person who keeps criticizing me?
After a gaffe in public, what is the best way to react?
I have zero experience with girls but I'm interested in one but I never talked to her in the few times we met, how do I aproach her?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
What are the qualities one should have to make more and more friends?
What should you do when your old friend proposes to you after not talking to each other for 12 years?
How do I deal with someone patronising who likes to consider himself superior and uses anything to put me down?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
How do you react when someone farts multiple times during a conversation with you?
How can I talk confidently while talking with my friends?
Are social skills all about feigning interest in others whom you don't care about?
If you got into a serious accident and your friends stopped talking to you, how would you feel?
How do I deal with male sexual frustration?
People who were socially isolated for 10 years or more, how did you turn out?
How do I deal with a friend that is always in other people's business?
How should I respond to people that say being gay is wrong?
I invited three friends to my birthday, and only one came. Did I do something wrong or are they fake friends?
How can I make it blatant to someone that I don't like them brazenly and drastically?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
How do I find intellectual people to hang out with when I have nothing to offer?
What are some interesting stories that have happened to you that you can tell other people in a conversation?
If he is not interested in talking and chatting with me, how can one keep one’s patience?
What is to be done when my good friend calls my sister an item? Should I punch him really hard or stop talking to him?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
How do I stop talking like a sissy?
There is value in small talk, though it's hard to explain. Can you elaborate on why small talk is necessary, despite it being superficial sometimes?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
Why is it that our friend circle shortens as we grow up?
What do you say to someone who has lost a loved one?
What would you most like for someone to say to you?
How do I stop listening and start talking?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
Why has my friend been rude to me through her new besties’ will? Details are in the comments.
Do you really need to have close friends at school?
I can't get over my best friend's death. What should I do?
Are astronauts generally sociable or socially awkward people?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
Why does she keeps talking to me and telling me that her boyfriend doesn't care for her even though I don't know her boyfriend?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
There is a girl in my college who I have seen a couple of times. I want to talk to her, but we don't share any mutual friends. How can I be her friend?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How can I start and establish fulfilling friendships with those around me?
How do you get a guy friend to stop liking you cause it's awkward and annoying?
How do I ask someone "how was your exam?" without sounding nosy?
How do I meet a good friend?
How and where do you make real life friends?
Would you like to be my genuine friend, someone I can keep for a lifetime?
How can I stop being so awkward around people I'm not close with?
What if a housemaid tries to line you?
As a young 18-year-old guy with no friends, how do I meet people?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
Is it better to please others by sweet talking or just say no to drama of social talks?
How do I stand up for myself against my bully?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Why am I afraid to tell people to stop doing things I don't like/hurt me?
Why won't my abuser leave me alone?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
How should one start a conversation with someone new and what should be the content?
Can a painfully shy person be a cosmetologist?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
Does labeling someone as a profiteer make me someone who wants to control or judge others?
What can I do for my best friend if he is leaving town?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How do I talk to my mum about my rape? She knows about it, but she has not ever wanted to talk about it.
What should I do about my friend that's cutting themself?
Is it rude to walk away from the middle of a conversation?
When someone says they’re sorry just to ease their own conscience, what should you do?
Could someone just tell me something good?
How can I think to solve a problem raised in a job meeting? The nours and looking at someone who is talking distract me.
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
Why does it bother me that my friend is so into my culture?
Does a girl like you if she strikes up a conversation with you? She is a shy girl.
Me and my friends have to miss a great opportunity because of me. How can I come to terms?
How should we deal with friends who pretend to be good but abuse you in your absence?
What happens when two borderlines start a friendship?
How do I start a good conversation with my boss?
How can I entertain my GF on a trip? I have a problem coming up with topics to talk about.
Why do you get bad/ good vibes from certain people?
How do you cope up with friends who is more charming than you?
How should I start and what should I talk in any conversation with my crush who has never talked to me before but just know me randomly?
If someone said “I will try my best for a job,” what should be your reply?
How do I make friends when I have autism?
What is the best way to travel alone with a friend of the opposite sex to avoid any awkward situations?
As a guy, how do you recognize whether your friend is "whipped"?
What would you do if you faked your friend?
What does it mean when someone calls you a young man?
Is friendship still possible for me?
What is the best way to have fun or meet people in Berlin?
Do you know that moment where someone responds to you by saying "What?" implying they did not hear you but in fact they did? Why is that?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
My lifelong childhood friend's anxieties are pretty severe. What can I do to keep it from affecting our friendship?
How can I become smart while talking with someone?
How can you tell if somebody has low confidence if you see them in public even if you don't know them personally?
How do you respond to someone in upcoming meetings if you feel you were insulted by that guy previously?
What do I do to save my friendship?
How do I get my father to stop insulting me?
Have you ever lost someone (a friend or a partner) because of a political disagreement?
If someone says they are joking, does this also mean they've lied?
What's the difference between having friends and having a social life?
When someone’s being a jerk, I ignore it and respond as I would to someone with better manners in that situation. Does this make me look weak?
Why don't people respect me or care to talk to me just because I have social anxiety?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
How should I respond when a lady gets offended at something I said and angrily asks "excuse me"?
Are my friends, true friends or not?
Why do you think that people who become disabled or chronically ill end up losing friends? What motivates them to discard the friendship?
Why can’t I make strong relationships with my friends?
How can I block random letters from strangers in lettrs?
How can I create an impression among my social circle?
What are some funny replies to send to a friend who doesn't respond to any of your messages?
How can I overcome nervousness while talking any serious matter?
Someone I try to be friends with overreacts; how should I deal with it?
Is it rude if you’ve been talking to someone for weeks, and they suddenly stop talking to you?
How do I become less socially akward?
How can I become an extrovert, as I find it very difficult to talk to people when I first meet them?
Are many or most Instagram users & "models" narcissistic? Why do I get an instant feeling of annoyance regardless of how attractive the females are?
How would you respond if someone said "The Promised One" has come?
Is the US a really good political friend of India’s?
What are the benefits of having no friends or girlfriend?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
I just migrated and I’m ugly and introverted. How do I make friends and be accepted?
Should I be friendly with everyone in a new class or so?
Why do some people act like they have the world figured out, when in reality all they do is talk?
What should I do when new people are around?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
Can anyone be the best at more than one life aspect at the same time?
What is the meaning if someone talks to you normally and behaves as if he/she likes you and then suddenly stops talking to you?
Do women notice it when a man is not wearing underwear and his shape can be seen?
Do you have any friends that are from another country?
How can I improve in making small talk?
How do adults in their mid 20s meet people?
How would you describe your friend group?
What is your reply when someone says that ‘I acknowledge your receipt’?
Why can't I talk to my girl crush smoothly?
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
How can I make friends when I move to a foreign country?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
How do you respond when someone compares you to your coworker who isn't having a problem?
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
Why does not getting equal importance in a friendship feel like heartbreak?
What should I do, if someone insults me who was close to my heart?
I feel shy talking to girls and they think I want to propose them. Why? This is frustrating because I have no such feeling at time of talking.
Should I leave a city when there are too many bad memories and toxic circle of friends?
What is the best dating site for lesbians?
What would people over 30 want to tell someone in their 20s?
If being friends with someone means I have to watch what I say and how I act all the time, is it selfish for me to end the friendship?
How do you respectfully tell someone their humblebragging is unprofessional?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
Why does he suddenly start avoiding me?
As a married person, how do you find friends for yourself?
Does drinking really help someone open up to strangers?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can you find out if a friend is messaging and talking on an iPhone with a certain person without him knowing?
How can I explain something to someone clearly and without getting emotional?
How do you avoid looking at someone (to ignore them) without looking like you are doing it on purpose?
How do you deal with inconsistent friends?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
What should I do when someone is making fun of me?
What would be the best way to make Israeli friends over the internet?
How can I make friends with foreigners in America?
How do you make your enemies your friends?
What is the best way to deal with rude neighbors?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
Why is it that the person who ignores you is who you want to talk to?
I'm a 15 year old with average grades and no special talents or passions. I feel like I'm a loser and will not have a future. What do I do?
There is a girl I am interested in, but she has a kid. Should I pursue her or just be friends?
Why do people always view me as the bad person?
What should I do if I have developed feelings for a close friend/roommate and I don't want to ruin our friendship?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to pursue a relationship with them without hurting their feelings?
Could you become my friend?
How do you get to where you're not shy anymore?
How do I make friends with people younger than me and yet have the respect?
What is the best theme to talk about for opening conversation with girls?
How do you respond to someone when they diabolically say, 'Don't even get me started.'?
This person whom I have never liked thinks that I like him and that we are friends. Why would he think that?
Even now, I don't have any close friends. How can I get that type of close friends?
How do I make people remember me?
How do you make friends at a small school?
What is the best way to get rid of nervousness, usually when you face new people, like in an interview?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How can I improve my mask in my social surroundings (sociopath)?
How do I make good friends?
What are some interesting conversation between two individuals about relationship?
Having a busy schedule, I don't have much time for a relationship. Is there any girl who can adjust with a guy like me?
How can I tell where other people's perceptions start and my reality begins, e.g. if multiple viewpoints/opinions from other (random) people match up?
When my friend and I hang out its always really awkward for the first 20 minutes but the longer we spend together, the better our chemistry gets. Why?
Why, when I talk about my flaws, do people understand, but when they see me doing the flaw they make fun?
What are some good conversation topics when visiting Malaysia?
How can I get along with my host family?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
How can I maintain a friendship online?
What is the best way you think to get along with the direct Manager?
How can I make friends if people bore me?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
What would happen if your feelings come to talk to you in person?
Who do you choose to be your friend?
How can I tell my female friend that she's smart?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
I have very few friends, does that make me a loser?
What are the signs someone gives that they do not like you or do not want to talk to you?
What are tips/hacks to make your online dating profile stand out?
What does it mean when some boys watch me all the time, at every hour, but they don’t talk to me ever?
Did you ever get defensive when someone was teaching you to drive or did you just sit politely and let them talk?
How would you define a best friend? Do you think you have one?
What is a polite way of asking someone what they want?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What should I do when the person that nominates me does not even vote for me?
Why do people you call friends turn fake on you?
Once a woman knows that you like her, should you initiate the conversation first?
How can you tell if someone values your trust in them?
What is the best reply to “You look like a rat”?
How do I deal with an extremely selfish and proud roommate?
Why should we be friends with every race?
How can I make friends with people? (Read details)?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
How do I have 2 best friends when one will get jealous and no longer be my best friend when I talk to another best friend a lot?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large learning and development team?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Why would she stop showing interest all of a sudden?
Would you go to someone to clarify that something is wrong with them if they show casteism, or would you ignore?
How can I get back my friend, after not talking for a while?
Is it okay to completely shut out someone you once loved ?
If you know a guy thinks you are cute or pretty, how can you increase his sexual attraction toward you?
How do I bring up a foursome to my best friend?
What is a good way to deal with people who like to start drama?
What does it mean to say "something close to the opposite is true"?
What should I do when I see my friends on Instagram at get-togethers that I'm never invited to? How can I get my friends to invite me?
I'm an introvert. I like talking to my close friends but almost nobody else. How can I be more open?
How can I improve my social life and gain more friends in college? I'm really cool but I don't know why I don't have many friends or loyal friends?
How do I introduce the idea of boundaries to a friend I feel has already crossed them without them feeling defensive?
What can be the best reply to someone who asked how I would remember them if one day I had an accident and lost my memory?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Am I being left out because I'm not in the same classes as my friends?
What's the most polite way to tell a close friend that he/she has bad breath without making the person feel embarrassed?
How do you convince a friend that he means a lot to you in a friendly way?
What is the best memory you have of a friend, whom you lost?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
Why do my friends always leave me out?
How can I get my best friend back who ignores me?
Are people who are socially awkward also shy?
My roommate shouts at me all the time. What do I do?
Me and a friend or two are planning to runaway, is it a good idea to have any friends with me when I do this?
Someone has bullied me every day and now that person is asking for forgiveness. Should I forgive them?
What do you think of making new connections online?
How can the Koreans and the Japanese get along with each other?
Is it okay if the only friends I have are my plants?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
How do you know if a 20 year friendship is worth saving or if there’s been too much hurt and change for repair?
What should you do if someone asks you to babysit their child and has not returned in a day?
Is it impolite to talk about your personal health and fitness with a friend who is out of shape?
Is there a way to replicate positive peer pressure at home to encourage good behaviour ( i.e., eating what is prepared for them or having a nap)?
How do you tell somebody you think they are ugly in a sugar-coated way?
How do I start a conversation on WhatsApp with a girl I met in a group?
What are the benefits of being a “good listener”?
What is the best way for a husband to deal with a moody wife, who at times gets provoked without a sufficient cause and is difficult to placate?
There is a very beautiful girl in our class and I am a very shy person. How could I start a conversation with her?
Why do you find it difficult to get along with a Chinese person?
How do I make new friends at 30?
Should I leave my group of friends?
How do I socialize with girls?
What are some interesting conversation starters with your mom?
“Thank you for everything you are to me.” What does it mean when someone tells me this?
I find it difficult to make friends. What should I do?
How do you typically react when someone asks you for money on the streets?
Why do strangers on the Internet appeal to me?
When someone mutes a conversation what does the other person see on Messenger?
How do I make more friends outside my community in college?
How can I ask for my money back from a friend with whom I no longer share a friendship?
Is it okay to break ten years of friendship?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
A girl who tried talking to me was a bit clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How should I deal with a friend who is showing attitude?
My friends have been bullying me too much. How do I make new friends?
What's the best way to avoid someone who is using you without them noticing?
If someone is invited to my home and they go through my stuff and throw it out, is that stealing?
I just lost a friend because my values did not align with theirs. Should I change?
I am growing distant from my friends. How to stop it?
How do I say 'no' at my workplace, without sounding rude?
How do I avoid stress when I'm talking to a crowd?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
Why would a person make fun of someone, demand they "grow a thicker skin," and then get mad when their victim defends himself?
I already meet people, take classes, join groups, and volunteer; so how do I overcome self-built social walls and, consequently, loneliness?
Does appearance matter in a friendship?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
How do you tell someone that you hate their Facebook posts?
What’s the best way to confront someone with an alcohol problem?
What is the smallest technical thing we can use to talk with someone?
How do I politely tell or respond to a (younger) friend to stop saying be careful whenever we depart? It feels too motherly.
What is LGBTQIA like in the UK, both socially and legally?
What's a good response to "Say something funny."?
What are some good ways to deal with people who are mean/nasty towards you?
Is fake laughing at social gatherings a key to success?
How do I politely ask a person if they sent you the cheque they said they would?
How do I engage in conversations with random people I come across?
I’m a girl, but I like a girl in my class. I want to be straight, and I have boyfriend, though. How can I take my attention off of her?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
How do I reply smartly while talking with someone?
How can I stop feeling awkward around people who are grieving?
Silence never feels awkward for me. How do I know if the silence is awkward for the other person? (Body language signals to cue me in to speak?)
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
What is a perfect mouth-shutting reply to a person who says "Commerce is for weak students"?
How do I ignore negative thoughts and permanently feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How can I talk more clearly and sharply?
What does it mean when someone offers you their business card after a brief conversation?
Some friends of mine talk rubbish behind my back. How can I keep up my reputation when it is affecting people surrounding me?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
What's the most effective way to create a connection with high profile people?
What is the best way to handle a stranger picking up girls in our group?
How do you deal with someone who seems to misinterpret what I say as negative or as argumentative towards him?
I feel like having friends is a waste of time. What the fuck is wrong with me?
What do you talk about when you have nothing left to talk about?
Is being socially awkward the reason I can't find a date?
What should I say when someone asks me what anime is?
Why do Indian women avoid talking to strangers on Facebook while feeling free on matrimonial sites?
What is the best way to socialise at university?
What’s the best way to deal with a problem?
How do I start a conversation with girls in my friends group who don't talk to me often?
Whenever I've had guy friends, it never works out. At first, it’s amazing, but after a while, they start acting weird and stop talking to me. This has happened twice. Why do they do this?
When someone says that he is against Brahmanism, what is the appropriate answer?
Why do I lack interest in socialising?
How can I make a good relationship with friends or others?
Why do people ask me "what are you doing?"
How do you respond when someone says they don't care about you?
What's the best things you've done for your best friend?
Why are some Geminis shy/awkward?
How do I approach a female stranger in India?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
How should I handle it if someone calls me a so-called skilled person in an annoying way?
What would you say you're saying when you don't say anything?
Can your friendships shape you?
What type of help should I ask for from a girl to keep the conversation going?
What should I do if I lack of tact?
How do I get over someone’s presence making me feel awkward?
Do introverts literally tell everything about their life to their close friends?
Why do people talk about things that don't matter?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
How do you build a friendship?
Why do Indian woman not agree easily for being friends with benefits?
Why can't I keep friends?
How can I start a conversation with my crush over text?
Why can't we chat and make friends on fanfiction? It sucks.
How do I talk to a stranger comfortably?
A student at my school said to me "I'm an adult now. And I like you a lot." How should I respond?
When someone tells that you can't do something, do you give up or keep trying?
What are some ideas to start conversations with older people?
How do I move on from someone who does not want to talk to me now?
I know this is a stupid question, but how do I start a conversation?
I’m scared to talk to women. How can I get over this fear? Are they really from Venus?
I’m in high school and I can’t talk to girls whatsoever. What can I do?
How do I deal with a situation where a person who doesn't talk to and care for me changes their attitude?
How do I develop a friendship with someone to the point of being able to communicate nonverbally?
What happens when I stop taking Imuran (azathioprine)?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
Are there any online resources to help me get better at talking to and connecting with girls?
How can you tell if someone is insane or if they are just cruel?
Why doesn’t my father talk to me anymore?
If a guy’s female friend surprised him with tickets to a concert out of state, would it make him uncomfortable?
Two girls at my new place of work have professed to liking me. They are good friends. I like one as a friend, and one more than a friend. What do I do?
How can you tell if your best friend is fake?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
What does it mean when someone says"you'll be a cute one in prison"?
What are the social statistics that Gujarat should improve upon?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
How do I make new friends after 45?
How do I surround myself with positivity in a new place?
Why do girls that are not in my league like me?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
How do I deal with people I work with who are pretending to be my friends but are talking about me behind my back?
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
I lost all the people I thought were my friends, now I am lonely. How can I make new friends?
My best friend is not willing to talk or meet after a fight. What should I do?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
If you could make an exact copy of yourself, would you be able to be your own friend?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
What should I do in a conversation if the other person keeps making short responses?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
My friends say that I always look energetic, but I am just faking it. They say it so many times that I am getting tired. What should I tell them?
Is it rude when you go out with your partner and your friend if your friend is constantly engaging in conversation with your partner and not you?
Is there any way to make me know more foreign friends, I am a Chinese person?
How do I make someone not my best friend in Snapchat keep a snap streak going?
How can I meet and talk to a Bohemian?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
What are some tips for meeting new people and networking with them?
Why do I talk less and remain silent all the time?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
When you meet someone for the first time, what do you want them to know about you, but generally don't tell them?
How do I make someone stop annoying me?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
What do girls say to a bare-chested boys they like?
How do I ignore people without letting them know that they are being ignored?
What are you impressed by which others are not?
How do you escape from a boring party?
How can I stop someone from throwing garbage on the road and on railway premises without offending that person?
How would girls like for a guy to strike up a conversation with them?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
What do I do if someone I hate has a nude photo of me?
When talking to someone and they turn their back to you, what does that mean?
How do I improve my life? I want to overcome my shyness and nervousness (accrued when I interact with girls)?
Would randomly complimenting this shy (around me) girl with 'beautiful' be weird/creepy since we're just classmates who've talked only a few times?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
How have your friends changed?
What is some dating advice for men?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What does spamming someone mean?
What are some ways to stop my roommate from using my perfume daily without hurting him?
If you were meeting life as a person, what would be your conversation with it?
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
Is it okay to not have a B.F.F. or close friends or friends at all?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
How can you tell someone 'it's okay' when it's not okay?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How can I talk to girls if I am an introvert?
What are some pieces of advice that Odia girls would like to give Odia guys?
What are some great tips and stories to initiate an interesting conversation?
How do I reestablish a friendship with a woman whom I emotionally destroyed?
How do I roast someone with a tooth gap?
How do I grow and deal with my friend being friends with someone who I use to like?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
How do you deal with people who dismiss your feelings?
Why am I confused between being shy and getting attention?
I have a habit of wanting to do anything with a friend, how do I make myself do things alone?
What is the best way to start a conversation with a stranger online?
What's a clever way to tell someone off without sounding angry?
How hard is it to get a real and true friend?
Why do people close up to me when we first meet even if they're extroverts and talk openly with others if we are in a group?
When you're socially awkward, how do you make friends?
What should I talk with my crush over a phone call? We used to have chatting but I never talked to him as a person!
Do you believe it when someone says the 'Earth will end one day', and why?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
What are some of the best comebacks when someone insults you by saying "Baap hoon tera"?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
Is Dalton Beato really my friend?
What are some indications that someone is about to attack you?
What does it mean when someone says you have a stubby body?
If someone were to trash talk you, how do you think they would describe you?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
A girl I know asked me, "Are you proud of me," because she quit smoking. Why?
Should one continue their friendship with a person who is the worst listener but very trustworthy?
How do I deal with people talking behind my back about me and my guy best friend?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
How should I reply to my friend who makes fun of me and my college?
Can you tell if someone is into something alternative?
What are some flaws you've had to accept in your closest friends?
How can you tell whether you have a really good friendship with someone and whether they like you or not?
How should one react when someone stops talking to you without any reason and if he is your crush?
What should I do when the guy I like is ignoring me?
How do I reply if someone says “Cheer you up or gear you up”?
Should you respond by saying “how are you” when asked the same question?
How can I help my friend stop doing dangerous things?
Do landscape photographers like it if someone tried striking up a conversation while they were concentrating on taking a photo?
Why is being "anti-social" looked at negatively?
What should you do to talk to a girl who is in some other school & you don't even know anyone from her school?
How do I respond to Moshe Ebner?
How should I cope when I have no friends at all?
How do I tell people I don't want to talk to them and it's nothing personal?
How you fight bullying in schools?
Why do attractive women have such a hard time making female friends?
How do you react smartly when someone points out your insecurities infront of other people?
How can I tell someone they look better with makeup?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
If my neighbor keeps talking bad about me and I just ignore her, am I permitting her behavior?
How do you respond when someone asks how you are and how your kid is?
Does anyone think it’s time for a fresh new way of socializing and meeting new people through an app?
Is anybody there just to talk?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
How do you supervise someone who bosses you around and acts like you're trying to do something to them if you ask them to do something?
Can people be friends with benefits without sex?
How do you tell someone to leave you alone effectively?
I hang out with a group of 7-8 new friends and have developed a crush on one of the girls. If I ask her out, will that ruin the dynamics of the group?
Is it ok for my friends to call me an idiot and beat me and call me a loser?
I just got in a group and I don't know anybody here. How do I stop being awkward?
How should I deal with people where I never know if they are serious or not?
Why do people who are generationally wealthy and successful value social skills above all else?
Why is it that some people who have a boring life can talk for hours and other people with an exciting life can barely keep a conversation going?
What does it mean when someone says they entrust in you?
If someone is being fed intravenously, what would you say in place of they're "drinking" the fluid?
Why does a professor cup his genitals while talking to me?
How do you deal with people that hide behind the written rules to refuse to help you?
How do I avoid talking to a girl?
How can a talkative guy change himself to a silent one?
Should I tell my friends that I’m bi?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Is there such thing as a social therapist? Where they help high functioning autisitic and savant children to excersize their social capabilities?
What is the best way to avoid a friend when they use your stuff and money alot?
If someone tells you not to quit your day job, is that person being a jerk or simply being honest?
How do I get over being cruelly trolled and made fun of by the people I thought were my friends?
I stopped replying to a Japanese guy, would it be okay if I hit him up again?
What topics do British find uncomfortable to talk?
What should you respond when someone asks 'How do you do'?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself?
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
How do you meet new people if you work from home?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
I'm not good with conversations. What are some tips to keep the conversation going?
When one of your successful friends tries to make you feel low, what do you do? It's their habit to make fun of people.
How do I start a conversation with my counselor/psychologist?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to be compared to others?
The more I learn, the less I can talk with my parents? Why?
Do I lack social skills?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
What should I do when a friend of mine keeps on boasting about himself?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
What is a sign that your 'friends' aren't really your friends?
When someone is told, "You must speak out," does it mean he/she is ordered to speak?
How do I stop being shy with girls in high school?
Should all lonely people meet to become friends with one another?
Did Rick Doblin make fun of an indigenous woman at the Psychedelic Science Conference for 2017 or did I see that wrong?
How can you recognize who are genuine and fake friends?
How do I socialize with people I don’t know?
Why do people pay less attention to me when I start talking?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
What would happen if you met someone who is just like you, but without your negative qualities?
How should you deal with a situation, or react, when someone doesn't talk to you or they ignore you just because you earn less money?
How can I live with the fact that no one will ever like me and I will never make any good friends again?
Can a friend of mine meet me at the connecting flight at IGI?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Who don't Leos get along with?
How can I tell if a friend I am following is excluding me from their posts on Facebook?
How do we change a fake friend (who is only concerned about their needs) into a true friend?
What does taking initiative feel like?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
I invited a friend and her partner to a charity gala, should they offer to pay?
Why can’t I put down the meth? My reputation is getting bad, my daughter won't talk to me, and I'm going to lose everything if I can't change my life.
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
How do you make a decent conversation with a girl?
Do most Crip sets get along?
What is something that you cannot shut up about?
Are all friends that we have good and helpful?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
What was the last conversation you had with someone you never forget?
How do I ask someone if I can job shadow them?
What should I do if I'm a "one friend wonder"?
Girl acts nervous around me but nobody else, what for?
What should I do if a girl I love sincerely rejects my proposal and insults me?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
What should I do when there is an awkward gap in a conversation?
What does it mean when someone tells you, “I am not comfortable with you”?
How can I make my female bestfriend value our friendship again?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
Why do people form a circle of friends?
How do I make new close friends?
How do I stop the feeling that I will ruin people's lives just by speaking to, or being friends with, them?
How can I explain to my friend that some things are rude?
How should I treat my female colleague?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
What should be the reaction when someone is making fun of someone else personally?
How should I behave with someone who ignores me in the group?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
How do I deal with people saying "fuck you" on the road because of me being an immigrant?
What is the best way to inform people of different cultures about the importance of personal hygiene without offending them?
How do I help a person in a cult?
How should nice guys deal with women who are bitches?
Why should you never do negative and derogatory talking to yourself, despite knowing that you are in a way responsible for the way things are?
How do you start a conversation once you find a person you’re interested in becoming friends with?
What are some of the best examples of friendship between women?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
What do I say when someone misgenders me?
If a stranger sits next to you, will you feel nervous?
Why is that sometimes boys want to be friends with me?
How easy is it to make a German friend? And how easy is it, for a German, to make a Chinese friend?
How am I supposed to deal with someone who is always looking to score points against me in our conversations?
What does it mean when he starts smile warmly at me and initiates conversations, after we ignored each other for a while because of his cold response?
Psychologically speaking, why is there always at least one person in every group who acts nice to everyone, while targeting one person from the group?
How can I make myself feel like a winner? I’ve been made fun of most of my life because everybody thinks I'm a loser of a human being.
How important is it to talk to someone when you are depressed?
Why do friends forget one another once they feel like they're just more than friends?
What does it mean when your classmate does not respond to you or talk to you? Why do they stay away?
Can my friend get my information if I recharge with my friend’s account?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
Is being too social a bad thing?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
How should I respond to people who confuse me with my twin?
How do you think bullies should be dealt with?
A few people at my school were making fun of my dream of becoming a YouTuber. How do I ignore them and continue trying to reach my goal?
What does it mean when someone wants down to a penny?
Is it strange to not have many friends?
How do I make good or right friends?
What are good rules for living with roommates you initially don't know?
Some co-workers ignored I could help and one gently suggested I do lighter activities because I'm a woman. What’s the best response?
Returning home after college has left me miserable but I can't figure out a way to do something on my own and settle in a city. Any suggestions?
How do I politely tell someone no?
What are some things you can say to somebody during a conversation that has an underlying sexual meaning?
What should I do if someone turns my friend group against me?
Would it be appropriate to tell my crush that I’m jealous?
What is the best reply when someone calls me a "Chutiya"?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
What is the surest way to make someone like you?
What should I do, when my mum doesn't accept that I don't want to hang out with people?
How do I make 4 years go by faster? My friends are going to a different school and we will meet up again in the future. Will they recognize me?
My friend makes a lot of jokes about suicide, to the point that I think it depresses me as well as our other friends. How should I handle this?
Do hot people only become friends with other hot people?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
Can anyone be my friend?
A group of friends and I came up with an idea, but they all ditched the group and I want to continue. Do they have anything to do with it, like IP?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I have been really down lately and I have wanted to talk to someone about it. How do I start the conversation?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
How do you respond to someone who keeps calling you gay?
How would you respond if a stranger asks you out?
How would you define a friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
What facial expression should I make while saying "Thank you"?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
How can you mention the country Niger to a black person without offending them?
Why do I always hurt my closest friends?
The nerds at my school are ignoring me because I believe in quantum mechanics. Does that make me a super nerd, or is someone here incorrect?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
Do you say "scram" when you tell someone to go away or leave?
How do I isolate and leave everybody alone? I just wanna be in my own world. I don’t care anymore, and it's not like anybody helps me anyway.
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
How do you deal with someone who repeatedly takes advantage of you, only messages you when they need you, and otherwise chooses to ignore you?
How do you get a boyfriend when you don't talk to anyone or how do you tell someone you like them?
Is there any medical term for a person who keeps on talking about some topic until he is satisfied?
How can I fix my friendship with this girl?
What will happen to me if I stop talking to others?
How do you react when someone makes fun of your illness?
What do you do when the person everyone gets along with keeps you at more of a distance/closes you off?
What do I say when someone asks me "how's life?"
Would you purposely avoid talking about politics with your friend if you knew they disagreed?
How do I get comfortable and less nervous around girls? How do I know 'what to say', 'when to say', 'how to say' and actually say something to them?
Do I end my friendship with my best friend?
Can someone with ASD have good social skills?
What should shy people do to talk to the opposite gender? Or how can a shy person start a talk with the opposite gender?
Do you get along with your relatives?
If you're always the first to initiate a conversation, is it a one-sided friendship?
What should I do if someone has a nude of me and I don't want them to have it?
The girl I want to talk to is helping out at this year's prom. Would it be wise of me to help too?
I am unable to fake interest in other peoples lives, does this mean I will never have friends?
How do you make friends with absolutely anyone?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
How can I get my boyfriend to disagree with me openly instead of turning quiet?
How can I tell if someone is in a relationship?
There is a girl who comes to my class period for extra studying. I noticed that, for most of the class, she is staring at me. How should I approach her?
What are conversation topics that can lead to a closer relationship?
Why can't my parents understand that I'm socially inept?
How can you get the confidence to start talking to a guy?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
How do I make real friends?
If people are so nasty to each other, why should I even try to make friends with other people?
How do I deal with a jealous friend and roommate?
How can I stop stepping back in social situations and being like an invisible ghost because I am too shy, too quiet, too nervous, and self-conscious?
I had a bad experience and now I feel like I don’t want to even talk to others. I am shy, but even more shy now. She made me feel awful. How can I change that?
What is the best way to start talk to strangers?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
When thanking someone, should I use physical contact like patting them on the back?
What is the best and safe way for an introvert to make new friends?
How do I make connections with people during teenage?
What are some icebreaker ideas for large corporate teams?
Why do people find it difficult to get friends to chat on WhatsApp?
How can be a better person and improve my relationships with others?
How do you know if you're important to someone?
What are your rules to succeed in life?
When did you last met your best friend?
Why are westerners keep asking "How are you", how should I respond?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Is it appropriate to let the neighbor wait outside when mom/dad are asleep and they want to talk to them? Or should I let them in and make them wait?
It's always me who asks my friend to hang out. Is there anything I can do to change that?
Can I survive at a university without having any friends?
Could a shy person be misunderstood if he or she lived in the USA?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
What is the best response to "Why are you quiet?"?
When was the last time you look at the mirror and you look different from the previous you?
What does talk back to an old friend if you ended on bad terms with them mean?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
How can paranoid people make friends?
Who are your best friends in college?
How do you politely tell someone you don't like them?
What does a friendship mean to you? How long can a friendship be?
Why do my hands and feet shiver when someone tries to end a conversation without letting me finish?
What are the top three things that American teens usually do when they are hanging out with their friends?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
Why does he still want to be my friend now that he knows I have feelings for him?
Do INFJs struggle to make friends?
Why can't I develop stable feelings for anyone anymore?
One of my teachers always touches me and says I have a nice body, and it makes me uncomfortable and he doesn't stop when I tell him to. What do I do?
What should I text my friend after a year?
What is wrong with me? I refuse to talk to my therapist, so can someone here tell me instead?
How do I overcome my insecurities of becoming a performer? I want to sing but I grew up with people making fun of my voice.
How can someone tell if meditation is right for them?
How do I learn to argue with women?
Why can't I talk to my psychiatrist anymore?
Why did a psychopath stop talking to me?
Do females have more male friends because males would be more likely sponsor their hangouts & give gifts when they like them?
What are some ways to respond to a stranger having a beautiful face without being attracted?
How should I response to “silence is the best reply to a fool”?
Does the way you talk affect what you do?
What should I do when people start talking with each other in a group, and you are left out?
Is it illegal to tell someone you want to strangle them?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
What should one do when people ignore you in a group, besides staying in the same class all day?
Am a girl and am talking to this girl on Quora who keeps telling me she loves me, what does that mean?
How do you get along with the British?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
What do I do when a guy sitting beside me asks me to talk about something interesting?
Do you know someone who I can talk to and ask a few questions about aeronautical engineering at Manipal?
At what age is someone suppose to have their shit together?
How can I build relationships without small talk?
What should I do when the entire class ignore me?
What are some sweet things to say to your friends?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
How do I ferociously block people who politely disagree with me?
If a random person just walked to you and said "Hi! I am so lonely, and don't have any friends, can you be my friend?" How will be your reaction be?
How do I get someone to like me (I’m a boy)? Or how to know if someone likes me?
What should I do if a closed-off person isn't responding to me?
How can I stay safe when I meet up with internet friends?
Someone I haven't seen in a while asked me to have a drink and we were never close friends, what could this mean?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why am I always missing and thinking about my guy friend?
How do I stop someone at work from being rude?
What makes Barnes & Noble a great place to meet people?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do you know if your friends are taking advantage of you?
How can we tell someone, "this is how you could/should have done it," without offending them?
How do I start dating again?
How do you respond to someone saying you're a nobody and always will be?
How can I ask my teacher to be my first kiss?
Can I ask a close friend for one kiss?
Why is my friend sitting so close to me?
When you mentally hurt someone, what is the best thing to say as an apology?
What's the best way to tell a girl I'm friends with that I am interested sexually?
How can I see my friends’ texts?
How do I ask a neighbor I haven't talked to in a long time for help?
I have a friend who’s told me that they don't see themselves making it through their entire life cycle. What should I do?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
Can a shy person become a good architect?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
I am not really good at English. I can't make friends and I don't have same topic with my classmates in Australia .What can I do to make friends?
My friend suddenly said he's not friends with me anymore. How did this happen?
Do you talk to someone if you think he/she is lame?
How can I tell if someone's picture is genuine?
How do you stop being 'creepy' by others' standards?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
Would you want to know if your friend or acquaintance died?
Does the fact that I avoid family contact consider me socially awkward?
What are cute ways to say yes after being asked to be someone's girlfriend?
Why don't they show there real identities; why do they talk as someone else?
How do people make up their minds before even starting a conversation with someone else?
Is it wrong to not want to see friends every week?
Does the Enneagram type 4 personality seek attention? Do they like it when people talk about them and their significant others? What about when people criticize them?
Why would a friend always depend on the same person for a ride, then suddenly not?
Why do people sometimes unconsciously make a face of disgust whilst talking to them?
How do you make friends without children, work or school?
If someone told you that you have a facial feature that is too big, what would you say?
A male friend of mine keeps cock-blocking me. Should I cut him off?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
No one looks at me while I’m talking to them. What should I do to be a part of any discussion?
Why do I have a hard time socializing with people even though I want to?
Are someone’s friends likely to stand by their friend if he murdered someone none of them liked?
It's been more than a year since I started doubting everything. Is it better to share my ideas with close friends, or is it better to keep them to myself?
Is it bad that I go up to people and talk to them just because I can tell they are wealthy?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
If LGBT has been a thing for a long time, why has it only recently exploded in the media? It wasn't a social issue and talked about much back then.
What are some effective ways for introverts to stop a conversation when stuck with a chatty person?
What is enough to save a friendship?
What are the qualities that a girl see before talking to a guy?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
What do I say if someone tells me arigato in Japanese and he is a close friend of mine?
What should you do if you don't have any close friends in your life?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
How can I get over this habit of interrupting people when they are talking to me?
Why do my friends make fun of me by saying that that IIMs are waiting for me and other things? What should I do or say?
Why does this 'friend' insist on giving and refusing to take but then complains about being used?
How do guys respond when a girl communicates by calling you bhaiya?
How do I approach a shy and quiet girl if I'm shy and quiet as well?
Is it bad that I have a good, male friend?
What advice would you give to a person/friend who keeps posting/saying quotes on Facebook about fake friends? And what does that say about the friend?
How can I overcome my fear of eating in public due to social anxiety?
What does it mean when someone says "Sucks to be you?"
What does it mean when you tell someone to tell the guy you like that you said hi and he just laughs?
How can I start an conversation on 7cup?
How do you remove a toxic person from your life without it being awkward?
How do I tell someone that I know he is faking blindness without being mean?
How do I become friends with Dylan MacIntyre?
What is a good response to someone who says: "So? What is it like to be ugly?"?
What is the best reply if a girl says, “Why do you want to make me your friend?”
What are some ways to have a very strong friendship with someone?
Why do some people give more importance to virtual friends (social media friends) than to real friends?
I have completed my first two years of university. Is it too late to make friends?
How should I talk to girls after the initial hellos, and what should we talk about?
What does it mean to be someone's first?
How do I connect with people at a new workplace?
How do I become close friends with someone who you used to be friends with already?
What age did you meet your best friend and how long have you known them?
What’s the best way to deal with a negative argument?
How can I avoid who is trying to avoid me?
Should I ignore the text of a friend who ignores my text sometimes?
I’m 13. I'm going through some tough stuff and need a person who will listen to me. Where can I find someone to talk to?
How do I spend time with my friends?
How can I push people away from my personal space while being nice?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
Why do I seem to dislike some of my friends over time?
If GONK droids could talk, what would they say?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
How do I dump or tell a friend that's lacking in common sense and making wrong judgements frequently on a person based on people's opinions?
What is the best way to respond to someone who asks you "are you assuming my gender?"
Are there any studies behind the phenomenon of talking to yourself?
How can I become less introverted? How can I force myself to become more social and find joy in interacting with people?
What does it tell you if a guy starts ignoring you after you send him a nude picture?
I feel sad and lonely as I don't have any female friend, what should I do?
Should the younger person always greet the older person first?
If a friend blocks me, can he or she friend me back with a fake account and profile?
Will a man come back to you after he said, "I just lost it all for you”?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
What does it mean when someone says I don't know?
Why am I always a target for abuse?
How should I explain to someone that I don't want to eat with them?
If I were to suddenly stop talking forever, what would happen?
A man has 7 friends. In how many ways can he invite one or more of them to a party?
How do I prevent being awkward in spontaneous situations?
How can people be friendly and kind since they are self-serving?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Is it important to make friends if you feel demotivated while talking to them?
How can we be more friendly to one another for real and not in a fake way?
What can I do during my time in online 8th-12th to become more social? Make more friends in a sense too if applicable*?
How can I get along with a teacher, whom I don't like at all?
Can you make real friends on Quora?
Why do my close friends think I'm weird, when people I don’t know well think I’m normal?
How many friends do you have in your life, right now, who you’re confident would be willing to make almost any sacrifice for you, if they were asked?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
What should you do if you have money but people you hang out with don't?
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Are there some students at Stanford who might be brilliant academically, but also sort of strange in character? Maybe socially awkward in person?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
Is it okay if a good guy friend waits outside a restroom in a school for their close female friend if they always hang out together?
How do I deal with deep aversion to someone?
My boyfriend has problems communicating with me while around friends, but no problem communicating with friends around me. What could be going on?
How can I detach emotionally from a friend?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
In the documentary "Battle for Marjah," I saw the Marines licking some stuff like candy. Can you tell me what it was and what its essence is?
How do I ignore people around me for 24 hours?
When they are having a conversation, do synesthetes "see" the ideas of the conversation and the way that the conversation is heading as colors?
Can I give my internet to a friend in another country?
Why do I see some Aspies talking about how it gets more difficult to socialize in adolescence than in childhood?
What do I say if I'm closeted and someone asks if I'm gay?
When you believe your friend might be annoyed or upset with you, should you ask them if they are?
How do I do a better telephonic conversation with a person for the first time?
Do you think it's weird to go to a club with only one friend?
What is the best way for my friend to find a girlfriend at college?
What does it mean when someone says yeah, true, right, all the time?
What's the better way to express my love to the girl I am really fond of?
How can I make my best friend happy?
What do I do when my friend keeps lecturing me?
What's a good comeback when someone calls you ginger as an insult?
Why can't I have good conversations with anyone?
Can you call a cop if someone says something degrading about you?
How can I get close to my beloved friend?
How do you go about resolving conflicts with someone who is emotionally expressive and with someone who is indirect?
Should we need to maintain a friendship with a lesser designation friend?
How many of you have made good friends through Quora?
How do I give social cues to someone with autism?
What should I say when someone asks me why I watch anime?
What is the best comical reply when someone asks for a pen and paper in an office?
Are friends forever?
Why do some girls ignore or stop talking to their old friends (male friends mostly) when they get new friends?
I am a confident public speaker but I become speechless in front of someone who I wish to talk to. I don’t understand the psychology behind it.
I'm in talks with a potential employer but when ever I talk to him I feel sunken, like someone died. Should I consider this as a signal?
Do we tend to avoid those who talk negatively about themselves?
If someone says that you did something wrong in life, what reaction would you have the first thing when you see that question?
How do you avoid negative friends?
What would be your reaction if someone made fun of another's life?
Should I ignore and not deal with an acquaintance that is not interested in being friends with me?
Did you recently have an interesting conversation?
Is it bad that I pretend I'm talking to someone but I'm actually talking to myself?
What should I do when I can't empathize with my friends?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
What is the best key to keeping a friendship to last longer?
If we hate someone, how should we treat him/her politely?
Why is it so damn difficult to make new friends after a certain age?
Why does your female classmate suddenly start to push your chair from behind?
How do I deal with people who have completely different thought processes?
How do I deal with friends who don't stimulate me intellectually?
Are there some girls which love to live lonely or to talk less?
Do your colleagues and friends know that you have Quora?
Is it okay for a 21-year-old girl to not have good socializing skills?
Why do girls behave in a jealous and immature about their husbands, and don’t allow him to go out with a friend or talk to her in-laws?
Is it normal to be quiet because you have nothing to talk about all the time?
Is it good to talk to strangers, meet new people, and take the initiative without expecting anything in return?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
Should I talk to the person who raped me?
What are some ideas of funny topics to talk about with friends?
When do I have precedence to talk to a girl?
I’m in my 70s and people don't take me seriously when I tell them I'm an atheist. What can I do to tell them off but still keep them as friends?
How do you handle your best friend getting close to your friend (Mr. A) and you know very well that the intentions of Mr. A are not good?
What is the best way to ignore someone without making them feel ignored?
How do I learn to talk slower and more clear?
Have anyone asked you to take bribe and do their work? How do you respond to that?
How do I talk to my boss about my bonus?
Husband told a couple of my friends personal information that put me in a bad light. He regrets it and has apologized. Do I forgive him or walk away?
I'm very bad at small talk, and I realise it's very important in business. How do I improve on this?
Is it ever okay to tell someone they're too happy?
Will people laugh at me if I wear earplugs to night clubs or concerts, as I have very sensitive ears?
Can you be arrested only because someone called saying they saw a passenger in a car hitting the driver?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
How do I deal with people who always put others down?
How do I get an extremely bothersome individual away and stop his issues without being too hurtfully direct?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
How can a close friend improve our happiness?
Is talking to yourself a good way to improve your talking skills?
What is the socially acceptable distance to stand from a person?
What area of science talks about social skills?
Should I talk to someone about my doubts/worries, or should I deal with them myself, with god's help?
What does it mean if I wrote a close friend of mine a message when he was online, but then he went offline right after that?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
How do you let someone back in the friendzone without hurting their feelings?
How do you handle a resentful ex friend who you see often?
Is it true that my friends are fake?
At 37 years old, how do I make new friends and maintain a good, long lasting relationship with them?
How do girls in their 20's make friends with each other?
I am super uncomfortable with objectively treating women in restaurants like hooters and twin peaks. It is not pretend unease. But I enjoy porn. Why?
Is there a real psychic that talks to the deceased?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in Britain?
What would you do if the spouse of a good friend completely ignored you and it has been 6 months?
How do I deal with unreasonable downstairs neighbors?
When do you know that you want to go to a therapist? I mean, my problems aren't very big, but I really want to talk to someone who is a stranger.
What would you say, if you have to say something nice to someone?
How can I know if my friend hates me?
How do I talk to my crush without seeming desperate? Like if I text too much it just looks weird.
Why do people stop talking to someone without telling them the reason for it?
How do I get over the fact that I'm socially awkward?
A friend aged 56 calls your friendship quits after 10 years out of the blue. How do you handle it, and should you have words?
How do I stop wanting a friendship that will not benefit me in the long run? I can't stop wanting that friendship, but it won't serve to my goals.
What’s one offensive question you'd like to ask someone but couldn't because you know it’d be wrong?
What is your opinion about friendship (in a single line)?
Is college the only place to meet people?
Do we really need men friends?
Why do close friends eventually turn haters?
It seems as if everybody is asking "Is it rude to say this, do this, ask that, etc.?". Is there an obsession with rudeness (or politeness) going on?
Can't two people, who are very different from each other, be great friends?
How do I make friends with ants?
How do I deal with a popular guy who might ruin my reputation without coming across as a wimp?
What is the most efficient method to drag someone out of a car?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
How do I handle it if a company I hired to make a website for me stops responding and avoids me?
How do gifted adults make meaningful friendships, and find others who are like-minded?
What's the best way to handle a situation where someone talks about a subject to you as if you don't know anything about it?
When someone says to you, "It's your world," what do they mean?
Why do we use the term 'behind your back', when your back is already your behind?
Why are some things more likable to most of us?
How can I become close to people instantly?
Why do I make wrong choices that end up hurting me or others around me?
Is it better to be good or bad?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
If someone demands to talk to me do I have to comply?
What is the best way to make cheap international calls to a friend who is living abroad?
What are some Online sites to talk to strangers?
What does it mean if someone told you to talk with him forever?
What kind of friends do charismatic people want?
How do I maintain a stable social relationship?
What is the best way to please a woman?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
What do you talk to a person you meet for the second time?
Can you call someone pathetic if they are a fisherman but they lie and say they're a businessman?
What are some of the best social platforms to meet people when moving into a new city? Why?
What is the harm in sharing personal things with someone?
There's this girl that I liked once and we're both in a group of friends who always joke about it. Should I talk to her?
How do I stop social isolation as a teen?
What does being respectful towards someone say about you?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
I made a very good friend last year. We never met in person but used to talk a lot. Why has she suddenly blocked me?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
What advice would you give to your peers when you are leaving them?
How do I nicely ask someone to not burp loudly?
How do you get over a friend who suddenly leaves you?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
Why do friends not respect you if you have no money?
If, hypothetically, Michael Jackson and Harry Potter met, how would their meeting and conversation be?
Where is a good place to meet and talk to Polish people in Berlin?
How do I get people to stop calling me Charlotte #2?
Do you feel confused who to talk to when you meet a friend when you're with another friend, both of whom are strangers?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
How can I talk more about myself when I know computers and art, and I am helpful?
What does it mean when someone says humans were not 'created'?
What can I put into my neighbours letterbox to make her stop screaming at her children?
Is a person more likely to be smart if she sits in the middle of a crowd and uses her smartphone without talking to anyone?
How do I be friends in a group when my fiance has dated one of the members?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
How do I convince a stranger girl for a friendship?
Do you think technology is changing the way people make friends?
How can we talk to someone and make him/her happy if you see that person crying alone?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
How do I forget a guy who doesn't want to talk, but it’s my fault?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
How do you deal with someone who is consistently critical of suggestions when proved they are right?
How do I bring out the confident guy I know I have in me?
What do Indian girls think of shy guys who can't start a conversation with them but keep looking at them from a distance?
Is it a wise decision to stop speaking to my friend who is already committed?
How do I make my friend forgive me and bring things to normal?
What do you do when someone is making you do their work or is using you?
My friend ignored me for almost three months, what was he thinking?
How can I stop interacting with people at university?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
If someone ever asks me why I'm still a virgin at 23, should I tell them I'm a born-again Christian waiting for marriage?
Why is alcohol the new best friend of man?
For the past few months, I have been isolating myself from my "friends," and I don't care about my appearance. What has happened to me?
How do I politely ask for something?
How can a socially awkward 15 year old guy think of things to say?
How can someone tell if he/she is financially secure?
How do I ask for relationship closure from someone that I see at work when they continue to ignore any opportunity to talk about what happened?
One of my friends claims that I don't like my body structure. How should I reply to her?
How did you get over the end of a friendship?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
What should I do to be creative in bringing thoughts and being infleuntial during a conversation?
I have a crush on a guy who I've known since primary school but we don't really talk. How do I strike up a conversation with him?
How did you begin talking with the girl you like?
Why do fellow women give me a bad look or act uncooperative especially when I try to be friendly?
Should I cut my best friend off because I have feelings for him and he just doesn't care?
How can you politely tell your boss to shut the fuck up?
What will you do if a drunk girl sleeps with you?
How do I make an internet friend?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How should I deal with people who try to bring me down, demotivate me and disrespect me, and stay around me all the time?
How can I meet new people and make friends outside of school when all my old friends don't invite me to anything anymore?
You are dining out and in walks a close friend with a woman who is not his wife. Their behavior is intimate. What do you do? Do you tell someone? Who?
What if your best friend was comfortable hugging you before and now he is feeling uncomfortable?
What are the gay friendly places in Mumbai to meet and make new friends?
What should I say when someone says "whats up?" to me?
What should I say in a conversation with my crush?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Do you really think that your friends on social media should actually be called friends?
How should you respond when a girl ignores you to show her attitude?
Is it right to ask someone if you're important to them?
Whom I can call a friend?
What is the best comedy fight with friends?
How can I entertain a friend I only know on the Internet and will be seeing in person for the first time soon?
Does it help to find someone to whom you can freely and openly talk for hours about that woman you can't have?
Why does it seem like my friends never want to hang out?
A girl in my class ignores me. What should I do?
How can I learn to loosen up with strangers?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
What is the best way to approach a girl to reduce the percentage chance of being rejected?
What's the true definition and meaning of a friend?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
Can I talk with you? Can I trust you and share my frustrations with you?
Is there something I can do about the fact that a guy I like likes me back but due to distance and age we can't be together right now?
When someone stops talking to you and avoids you for no reason, how does it feel? Should we just get over with just like they left us?
How can I become friendly towards others?
Who likes talking dirty with strangers?
Is it wrong of me to hit my friend?
If someone says that you are in a Mormon cult, how would you best reply?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
Why does my mind suddenly go blank when talking to people? Even if it’s just a small talk, I’d feel so nervous my mind would go blank. How can I overcome this?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
Can anyone recommend good books to improve social skills and for anger management?
Is it really important to be chatty and sociable at work? Isn't doing your job well and being helpful to coworkers enough?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
Why, ever since I made plans to kill myself, are people that always mocked me for being bi & trans acting extremely nice, even though they won't apologize?
Now that I know what was made of me what now shall I make of myself?
What are the disadvantages of taking the initiative?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
How would you react if someone of your locality, with whom you haven't talked before suddenly appears in front of your eyes?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
Do you ever get the feeling that people dislike you, even though they never say no when you ask if they want to hang out?
How do you confront a two-faced liar who will just deny it?
What is the best reply if a stranger abuses me on Facebook?
I’m in love with my friend and we're both girls. I want her to talk more and find me interesting. How do I act in order to make her interested in me?
What is your opinion about a quiet person? (Like they wouldn't strike a conversation if you didn't start it first)
Why doesn't my young female colleague converse with anyone?
What is a good response to a veiled threat?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
What advice would you give to an introvert who wishes to become more social?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
How do I stop staring at girls' legs in the library if they wear very short pants and sit next to me (hot summer)?
What can I do if my friend doesn't come to school and I miss them?
When someone is talking behind your back instead of to your face are they lying to others about you?
How do I overcome the burden of social rejection in childhood and become more social as an adult?
How can I deal with a broken friendship as I pissed off her with a tactless message?
How do I tell my friend she can't join the military?
How did you silence your critics?
Why do people talk behind others but still hang out with them?
How do I make friends with my crush's sister?
What is a fun psychological trick to try on someone?
How do I prevent myself from being talkative?
What do you do when you win/lose an election against a really close friend?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
Does it bother people who are studious and intelligent to not have any close friends?
How do I become more sociable as a teen and get better grades?
Should I confront my husband about his trash talking about me on WhatsApp?
What is a professional way to ask my strict general manager for more admin responsibilities in the hotel industry?
Is it really an apology when someone says, "I've already said I'm fucking sorry, I shouldn't have said it!"?
What do you do when you are working in a different state and you are all alone?
Should I tell someone that my friend mentioned wanting to dissect a human after doing it to his pet rabbit and loving it so much?
If you knew the exact time, date and circumstances of someone else's death, would you tell them?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
What's the best way to start small talk when you don't know the person?
Why do I feel more comfortable chatting online than talking real-life?
I've always been frustrated that I don't know what to say, how do I improve my social skills?
What is the best way to boost your social engagement?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
Could it be possible to still make friends in your 20s if you've literally never had one friend ever in your entire life?
How should I react to compliments from flirters?
How do I get my neighbor to say hi without saying hi first?
Has someone that liked you as a friend changed their mind?
Where is the best site to find friends?
Should I ask the girl if she is avoiding me?
I’m 19, a loner, and have hardly any friends. Do you have any advice?
How can I be open and social with people?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
What do you want to say to all the people who tell you "Quora is pretty boring"?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
Why do you lose interest in doing something when someone else (e.g. your mother) tells you to do it?
I have friends but lack a group. Should I focus on joining an existing group?
How do I stop talking so much and be more introvert type?
What can be said of a woman who does not want me to greet her, but asks for a ride in my car?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
What should I do to stop getting nervous in London?
Why do the Bangladeshi and the Pakistani people get along but their governments do not?
I have a friend who wants to cut. Should I stop him or encourage him?
One of my friends just texted me, 'Pls talk to me'; however, I don't want to talk to him for a specific reason (for his own sake). What should I reply to his message without hurting him?
Can I ask someone I have been friends with to delete my messages to him/her on WhatsApp?
I don't have friends anymore, so I just code. Is this normal?
What does it mean to have friends in low places?
I'm an introvert girl and don't talk much in office apart from some friends. Would people think I'm abnormal?
How do I get over my fear of male humans?
What would happen to someone if they never went to a friend’s house or never had friends over and never spent time with anyone outside of school?
Some aspects of my friend's personality really annoy me. Does friendship mean I have to accept all of his negative traits?
An Aries female has been ignoring me and doesn't even text/call me anymore, for 6 months, but says we're friends. What is happening?
Why would someone befriend someone who speaks spitefully about someone the listener is close to?
How can I confront my family, when they tell me off or keep talking when they are mad?
What are some good excuses to start a conversation with a shy girl in my class?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
How do I react when someone opens up to me?
Has anybody made some really good friendship through Quora?
Where can you really meet people in their early to mid 20s?
What are the important social skills that a guy has to develop to attract women instantly, and how do I develop those skills?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
When there is so much loneliness in the world, why do most of us have trouble reaching out to others?
How do you keep a conversation going in different settings?
Why can't people get along with each other?
What should I do with the friends that let me down again and again?
How does a corner person talks?
Will untrue friends talk unkindly behind your back, but true friends will never do so and will always tell you the unkind things people say about you?
Why do females have more male friends than female friends & males have more male friends than female friends?
How should I react to someone awful from the past returning as if nothing happened, and everyone else is just accepting him back into the group?
How have you benefited from having friends?
How do you tell someone that they are holding you back in life?
Should I avoid a girl who takes advantage of me? She is the only friend I have in my class though.
How does it feel when your then best friend is now a stranger?
How do you interact with a senior college/school mate of yours when you meet him/her after a very long time and thr person is not in a very good job?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
Why has my guy friend from high school started ignoring me all of a sudden?
How can I get rid of a fake friend who is showing off with my best friend as if she is her own property to make me feel jealous?
Is it okay to talk to the parents personally, without involving my fiancee?
What does it mean when someone says oh?
How do I avoid people I have classes with?
What do you do on weekends when you are in a different state and you do not really have friends or someone to hangout with?
Is it hard to make friends in Spain?
How do I gain back my best friend's mother's trust?
What are some things you talk about when you meet random people?
Have you had a bad ice breaking talk but the conversation became nicer later?
What do you think of individuals who befriends other individuals simply out of pity?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
Are you the weird one out of your friends?
What practices are to be followed, to be a talkative and relaxed person?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do you deal with codependent people who are always trying to control everything?
What does it mean when someone ignores you?
How can you change from a talkative person to a listener?
Is it creepy to leave an anonymous thank you letter at the office of a professor I had this session? I'm too shy to go talk to him.
Is it wrong that I only choose friends whom I can learn from?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
What are the current topics we must talk about?
Is it wrong to keep wanting to make a friendship right even when the other person is not interested?
How do I say to a friend that I don’t want to be her friend anymore?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
What should I do about people who make fun of me for being Indian and the stereotype of a small you-know-what?
How do you deal with friends who judge you and give unsolicited advice?
How do I curb an attraction for a long time friend?
How do I avoid getting nervous while talking to an elderly person?
What should I do when someone has ignored me badly?
Why does my cat only talk and carry on conversations with me?
How can I make true friendships?
Should I change my reserved character to make friends?
How do you make the first move on a guy if you’re shy?
How can I make friends quickly in this platform?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Should you ask someone whether they care about you or not?
Why does my female friend hold my hand in public?
How do you deal with people who think they are the best?
What is a good pre-sex conversation?
How do I fit in socially if I’m awkward?
Should I invite my dad to my graduation?
Do you find it annoying when you ask someone what to do about something and they tell you what you should have done yesterday?
Why does a friend walk out of another friend’s life?
How do I deal with others who constantly ridicule me?
What is the best reply if someone asks me what my dream is?
Why is it easier to talk to a person by text while face to face conversations become awkward?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why do I find it hard to have female friends?
What does it mean when someone says "you are not good for my ego"?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Why do I think that everyone should like me?
How do you respond when someone says they like you and you like them back?
How do you make friends if you're 65 years old, you're sick but not terminal, and you never go anywhere but you would like to? How do you get started?
I’m travelling to California on a B-1 visa for a meeting. When the meeting ends, can I meet my friend who lives in New York before I leave for India?
We have about 10 minutes alone before we meet other friends. How do I start a serious conversation?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
Is there a good way to prevent people from getting emotionally attached to you?
How can I get him to talk to me in person, not just text?
How can I deal with friends who talk to me just when they need money?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
How do you feel about peer pressure and how would you handle a situation where you saw someone being peer pressured into dangerous situations?
How does it feel to meet your friend after so many years?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
How do I become a fuckboy? All my friends think that being a fuckboy is really cool. And I want to be cool.
What should I ask when someone says “ask me anything”?
When we lose good friends, is it fair to say change is constant as an excusing statement?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
Most people I meet think of me as a rival or just a loser but not a friend. I avoid conflicts, stay humble, and mind my business. What's wrong with me?
How do I tell someone that they're insecure?
How does it feel when a friend of yours or a person you care about is stubborn?
What do you do if your friends say something mean to your friend behind their back?
What makes us age?
What's the best way to leave an annoying conversation?
The art or ´rules´ of conversation are pretty simple, but they are pretty hard to put into practice, how come some people are so good at conversation?
How should I respond to people who criticize me for naming my child Peekaboo?
Is it normal for someone to make fake social profiles just to constantly spy on their friends and other people?
How should I deal with an extremely arrogant friend without breaking her only friendship (me)?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
How can I make fun of myself without loosing my respect or comming off as stupid?
Is it better off to cut off an immature friend?
How should I stop my friend from being an orthodox Hindu?
Where can I go with my friends in Chandigarh to have fun?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Why do I sometimes feel like I want to talk to someone even though I have nothing to talk about?
What does it mean when someone tells you أخت رجال?
How do you know if someone is a friend or a wolf in a sheep's clothing?
How do I start talking with the new students of my school? How do I try to make them my friends? What should I say first?
Is it possible to know if someone has updated their WhatsApp if I don't talk to them at all?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
Are there any tips for building up confidence to talk to strangers?
How do you deal with people who try to mess with your head?
Why doesn’t my friend call me during the summer holidays?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
What's the best question to get to know someone?
How do I make my friend shut up?
How do I cope with a friendship fading?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
Me and my friend were talking about someone on Facebook. He has shown that chat to a person who is threatening me to put behind bars. What should I do?
There is a boy who lives down my street and he's always caught my attention. How do I initiate conversation when we've only met once (it was brief)?
Is it legal to hit someone if they call you fat and swear at you?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your parents about?
How can you tell if asking someone "how are you" produces an enthusiastic or aversive response?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
How do you respond when someone says, "I want to know you more.”?
How do you make a friend not come to a party on the weekend?
Is it important to talk about problems?
I used to be talkative but now I'm very quiet. What should I do?
Is considering your close friend as a brother good?
A classmate shoved me, how should I treat him?
How do you react when someone passes a belittling comment at you in public?
How do you talk about yourself?
Isn't telling someone about my problems adding on to their own?
What are the different ways an expat can make friends in Nairobi?
Why do all of my friends disappear the second I stop leading our friendship?
How do you respond to "what are you gonna do about it"?
I like being alone at home, but I do strongly desire having a girlfriend & more social contacts & be popular. How do I do become good at being social?
Can a non-talkative person become successful?
If someone makes fun of one of their friends behind their backs, does that mean he/she is insecure?
When someone criticizes you, do you instantly get defensive, or do you listen and ask questions?
What do you reply to someone who says you are following bar culture just because you have a drink or two with your friends?
How does someone with serious paranoia talk?
How should you react when a boy says 'that's good for a girl'?
Is it acceptable to talk about yourself often?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What is the best way to tell someone's nature?
Is it rude to tell someone not to stare?
I've been very down lately and I've been wanting to talk to someone about it. What do I say to start the conversation?
How do I deal with a fake ex best friend and their new friends that never had a problem with you?
How should I respond when I am being thanked for helping with a death?
What do I say when others tell me that I'm not good enough?
How do you get along with a teacher you despise?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
How do I deal with someone who pretends to be a friend and knows how you hurt over someone, then introduces him to another woman?
Was it the right choice to end the friendship? I’ve just ended a very close friendship with a girl that I’ve known for over a year.
Is it ok to not have any good friends in college?
How can I help a friend reveal to another that he/she is homosexual?
How do I reply to an insulting person that will leave them speechless?
What does it mean when someone says you are a soft person?
Is it better to talk less, smile more?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
In school, I'm best friends with girls, but, as a boy, my parents want me to only have male friends. Should I stop having female friends?
What are substitutes and compliments?
How do you deal with a backstabbing friend?
Why is everyone ignoring “neetug17dateextension”?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
Is it actually possible to make friends after the age of 25, and how do I do it?
If a flight attendant doesn't make eye contact when talking to a customer, what would be your reaction?
What does it mean when someone is called quirky?
How can I attract a playboy model?
Why does it say “no friend suggestions”?
How do you respond to people who say "That is not Islam" everytime someone religious recommends or commits an atrocity in its name?
Does it mean a roommate dislikes me if he immediately says hi and talks to the other roommates and never talks to me?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
How do you get along with English people?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
I keep having a dialogue in my head about a friend saying awesome things about me to other people that would "wow" them. Why am I doing this?
How can I wire my own jaw shut so that I can't talk?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
What should I do when people misunderstand and stop talking to me?
Why do other people always have to talk bad behind your back even when you haven't had any kind of conflict?
What’s the best response for "Do you have a PhD"?
How do you respond when your husband ridicules or insults you in public and/or private?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
What do I tell somebody who is being a jerk and who thinks they can beat me up?
What do you say when your friend feels like no one likes them?
What is the best way to respond to someone asking me what my religion is?
How do you think consciousness came into existence?
What are some ways for introverts to make new friends when they are moving to a new city?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
I'm introvert. I don't find topics to talk besides work. What can I talk to boss so it doesn't sound too friendly? How can I develop skill to talk?
Does extra testosterone and aggression give you social intelligence and more power in social situations?
Is it important to be able to accept compliments?
What is something that you secretly wish more people would do for you socially and that they wouldn't do out of fear?
What are some strategies for rebuilding a friendship?
How can I make friends with autism?
Ending a conversation which I am talking to someone I liked is hard for me. I'm waiting her to end the conversation. What is the reason behind it?
How can I get in touch with a girl who I used to talk to but now we barely see each other and most times we end up in awkward conversations?
Why don't I have a best friend or a close friend?
When a friend "dumps" you, do you get a chance to say how you feel?
What should I say when someone doesn't know where my home country is?
Why are some men shy around women?
How can I have more to say in a conversation?
How do I market myself on a resume and in an interview when I have a crippling level of social awkwardness (graduate with a bachelor’s degree)?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
What are the reasons why someone would be awkward?
Should I go back and call my haters and doubters after being successful or just ignore and let them know generally via social media?
What do you say when someone say you are beautiful?
How can I be the best at talking & winning others’ hearts?
How do I tell a friend I don't like her anymore?
How often should I call/text friends I don't see everyday?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
Are there good resources on perfecting the art of conversation, not aimed at shy or clueless people?
How do I convince my friend to not move schools?
How do I become better with meeting new people or getting a girlfriend if I'm socially awkward?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
What is the best reply to a guy asking me if I'm single?
How should I react to a person I used to call 'uncle' who passed subtle sexual remarks at me a few days back?
What should I do when someone tries to force me into their car?
Have I done anything wrong in trying to get a girl through underhand means?
Which is better: hanging out with friends or studying?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
How do I maintain friendships and become a better friend?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
What should I do to get back my male friend after I ignored his feelings when he was depressed?
How do I stop talking to people altogether, even my friends?
Can a childhood friendship lead to marriage?
How do I get into someone's pants even if she has a boyfriend?
I’m a 16 year old boy. How can I make friends?
How does someone who's lived a cloistered life (e.g. homeschooled) come up with interesting conversation topics?
How does one make friends in New York City?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What are the best statements for ending conversation?
What is wrong with me socially?
Does it help to talk to yourself once in a while?
How can one make teenagers talk and engage for future readiness?
How can a man start conversation with foreign girls?
Are bisexual female friends more likely to feel super-happy for their male friends if their male friend ends up dating an attractive female?
Who is the first person you turn to when you have good news to share? Is it the same person or people when you have to vent or share some bad news?
Why are Indian teenage girls not allowed to hang out with their friends?
Why are girls ok with their boyfriends controlling them and telling them who they can and can't talk to?
When you know that your friend is cheating on you and talking about you behind your back, what do you do?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
Am I the only person who panics when someone gets vocally upset at me for doing something that is not illegal?
Is it awkward to refollow the friends who have been unfollowed me?
Why do I get shy around certain men?
If a guy says he thinks you're pretty or cute, does that mean he's not sexually attracted to you?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Do you have a friend that has different views from you?
Is self-consciousness a bad personality trait? What are the pros and cons of being self-conscious?
How can I make friends stop making fun of me?
What are the rules for a positive conversation?
Why do people think it's cool to shorten my name when I explicitly introduce myself with my full name?
How do I stop feeling bad when people make fun of me for not clearing JEE?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
What do you say when someone calls you fat, then says sorry?
Why does this girl say hi but doesn't reply afterwards?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
What is the best way to cope with a know it all colleague?
I see ugly guys dating gorgeous, "hot" women all the time. I, too, am not very attractive but I'm not doing well with the ladies. What's their secret?
I showed some PTSD symptoms when this guy asked about my family. My friend said I was embarrassing myself. Should I drop this friend?
How do you respond when someone says you’re being biased?
Do the Chinese and the Japanese get along well?
What's a good excuse to tell your parents you don't want to hang out with them?
How do I make my apathetic friend snap out of it?
Do you develop your own systems for dealing with specific social interactions (what would I do if…) and do you advise others to?
How should I react if a group of people insult me?
What are some hacks for having a good conversation?
What do I do when others do all the talking and direct the conversation back to themselves and never listen to me?
Is it stupid that I want to leave my friend?
How do you know if someone at work is hitting on you?
How do I stop Instagram from recommending friends to me?
What should I say when someone sends me a Snap that says "Streaks" on Snapchat?
What are some cheesy conversation starters?
When someone asks where you are from, how do you respond?
What is the medical condition of talking to yourself called?
Why do I have trouble interacting with people?
If someone at work keeps calling you names behind your back, thinking you don't know about it, is simply ignoring it just enabling their behavior?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Friendship builds on proximity, unplanned interactions, and privacy. Is there a psychological way to force two people to become friends?
What does the guy really mean when he asks what makes you want to talk to him and what made you want to actually continue talking to him?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
Is it okay to have less female friends?
If my wife doesn't like my friends, should I stop hanging out with them?
My closest friends (who're also colleagues) have now become very toxic and treacherous. How can I remove them from my life?
How do you tell if a confident girl who just started talking to you likes you?
Does asking strangers for their numbers work?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How I can deal with a feeler person?
Friends often don't understand my personality because I had a bad childhood. Should I lightly tell people about this so they understand me better?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
How can I improve my conversation skills?
What are the words we need to avoid in a conversation?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
What happens when you ignore a girl who is very close to you?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
Why do my friends always choose me?
What is the best place to make friends in Bangalore?
If anyone said I could talk with him for his entire life, how should I react?
How can I tell someone I don't want to work with them?
How can I see others’ conversations in WhatsApp?
How should a salesperson respond to an elderly customer who says “I don’t need the protection agreement because I don’t plan on living much longer.”?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
How do you tell your best friend you like him without ruining your friendship because he's gay?
How can we differentiate between well-wishers and enemies (as I got betrayed every time from the ones I thought of as my friends)?
What are the things you shouldn't do while talking?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
My friend frequently tries to find new romances with new boys. He always acts like the next person can be someone special but soon ditches them. Why?
How would you respond to someone who shares way too much about something you don't care about without sounding rude?
I've all of the sudden regressed from being talkative. I used to be more outspoken. Is this strange?
Is it okay to not hang out with my boyfriend's friends?
Why do you like your friends?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
How can I get rid of my irritating friends?
What safety tips do you have for online dating?
How do I respond to things in a way that doesn't make it seem like time is flying past me?
I'm new here in Quora platform. How do I get new friends?
What are the reasons that some people are shy?
Can we stop being boastful when someone asks a question? I know there are a lot of educated people here. Can't you just be nice when responding?
What does it mean when my boyfriend says it’s ok to talk to an old friend even though you ended on bad terms with them?
When someone says I am photogenic, is it a compliment? Does it mean I don't look good in real life?
How do you tell someone that you appreciate them when they think you really don't?
What is it like to live alone in college instead of with a roommate or friend?
What does it mean when she doesn't talk to you anymore?
What would you do to a friend on Facebook who's ​been talking bad about you behind your back and being envious? Block him, or leave him in your friends list?
Did you ever want to say thank you to someone, but were unable to do it?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
Why do people "friend" others on Facebook, but never interact with them? Is it considered rude to remove them after months of no interaction?
Have you ever lost a friend?
How are auctioneers able to talk so fast?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
How can I get my mom to let me hang out with my guy friends?
Are you proud of your country or do you wish to be born in another country?
What Do you think about most of the time?
Should I stop hanging out with my friend?
What's the nastiest thing you can say to someone without sounding angry?
Where should I hit someone to give them a dead arm?
If someone we're talking to is uncomfortable, how can we make them more comfortable?
Why does it seem as if my friend is ignoring me but she really talks to me at some point?
Is it possible to become outgoing when you are shy?
Has someone approached you on Quora to know you personally or for dating? How did you respond?
Which is the better way to live, with friends or without friends?
How can I improve my philosophical/social/ideological thinking skills?
How would I ask for someone's Snapchat without being creepy/weird?
How can you fully know someone if you don’t know their deepest secrets?
Did someone have sex with Kajal Agarwal in the industry?
How can one have an interesting conversation with a stranger and keep it going till you become good friends?
How can a friend help me build a strong personality?
How do I tell a customer we will not reconsider compensation in a nice way?
What is wrong with my Tinder photos?
How do I tell the difference between someone who is joking and someone who is devaluing me?
How can I know someone's feeling by only talking with them?
Is it okay to compare people?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
My friends and I have been real close for a long time. But suddenly they don't seem to understand my feelings anymore. What should I do?
Do I have to be talkative to become a manager?
How do I get rid of an 11 year friendship that I no longer wish to continue?
What is the best way for a shy person to turn himself to be a king's of speech?
How should I respond to a friend, who thinks that I borrowed twice as much money?
How can I make Chinese friends?
How can gay people make friends with straight people?
How do I handle the loss of a friend?
Why am I always pushed around?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Should you tell a friend that what they are doing makes you uncomfortable?
Does a conversation become irrelevant from the moment we are no more talking about the debate but about the words we used to express our thoughts?
Why is it instinctively difficult to approach someone one likes?
How can I get better at talking with friends?
How do I start a conversation with a guy that I'm attracted to at work?
How does one make real new friends from the UK?
Why do people say that they know you? What are their criteria for knowing someone? How do you know someone?
In my group of friends, I'm the smartest. They always ask if I can give them the answers. What should I do?
What will you do if you run out of conversation with your girlfriend?
Did you ever had a friend who talked with you only to satisfy their own selfish motives. How do you deal with the aftereffects?
If someone has a negative first impression of you, is it best to stay away from them?
Should you tell someone that you like him when he likes someone else?
Is it wrong if I don't have friends?
What's the best 1-2 sentences of advice you would give everyone to convince them to not waste their time and their life reading beauty magazines? Why?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
What does it really mean when someone says they still hold a flame for you?
What are the possible reasons that conversations run dry with friends for periods of time?
How can an international student find its own group in college?
How can you forgive a person who gossips about you?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
What would you say to Donald Trump?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I get my roomates to shut up?
What is the best reply to a customer who often says I’m not interested?
How do you deal with someone in your group who always objects to being included in photographs and spoils the photos?
Do people who are dateable underestimate the level of social skills it takes for others to become dateable?
Is it rude to tell people that they misspelled something during a presentation?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
What quality in others makes you want to slap them?
Why do I feel so good and interested in the topic when someone is talking about accounts, per-year increase, businesses, money transitions, and other stuff?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How should one tackle negative people?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
Is there a way I can rank people I am not friends with on Facebook by how many of my "good friends" they are friends with by using API?
How do people feel if their Quora answer is worth a thousand upvotes but only has few?
What does it mean when a female is looking into your eyes while having a conversation but is rapidly switching between both of your eyes?
This girl and I have both fallen for each other, but she is scared that her past will hurt me, and so is building a wall against me. What should I do?
How do I stop being rude and make peace with parents?
What makes Heta Vaishnani likable?
What's the best way to message a girl you like but whom you haven't talked to in a couple of weeks? (I have social anxiety.)
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
Why did a popular kid at my school say hi to me, when I never spoke a word to him before? I basically just talk to my friends, who aren't popular.
How can I make him feel comfortable talking to me?
How can talking to strangers change your life?
Is it rude to ask someone if they invest/what they invest in?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
How do you tell your best friend you like her without losing her friendship?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
Why do my classmates keep disregarding/ignoring me? Does it have to do with my appearance? They have no reason to be doing this in the first place.
Is talking with someone while travelling wrong?
Was there ever a time in history where everyone got along? And will all humans ever get along?
What are some topics you don't like talking about with the opposite gender?
How do I remove the fear of what other people say to me?
Why does it hurt every time someone close to you starts ignoring you? Why can't we get used to it when it happens repeatedly?
How do I avoid my nervousness while talking to girls?
What does it mean when someone really close to you says that they have given up on you and doesn’t have any positive feelings about you?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
How do you get along with odd co-workers?
Have you ever noticed that most girls won't initiate a conversation on Tinder?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What do I do with these fake friends?
How should I go about asking someone about a disability?
I’m a college (international) student. I tried to make friends, but they think I’m boring and a nerd. I'm stressed. What should I do?
Why do most IIT-ians lack in social interactions?
Did someone ask me out as a joke? I'm not sure, so how do I respond.
What tests can you do to find out if a person is a fake friend?
If I'm planning to become a financial adviser, could I only recruit my acquaintances or the acquaintances of my acquaintances?
Why do I fall for guys more often in comparison to my other female friends?
Am I overly sensitive or is my friend being disrespectful to me in front of people?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Can I take advantage of my anxious friend?
Why do the anchors talk more than the guests?
How do you know if you're friends with someone because you genuinely are similar or because you just want a friend to hang around with?
An annoying student sits alone at lunch in my school. Should I sit with them myself?
How is it possible that I can dream conversations I have never had with people I know in great detail?
How should I respond if someone insult me in public or private?
What's the difference between someone who is socially adept versus someone who’s not?
Do I need to party to meet people while at university?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
What would you tell someone who was betrayed by the only person they trusted, and therefore can't trust or connect with others anymore?
Why is that, if I ask someone to stop licking his fingers, he takes it personally and gets offended and upset?
How do you fix a constant cycle of isolating yourself from people you meet?
Does friendship nowadays last a lifetime?
How can I explain to my beloved friend that a bot has crashed my Pinterest feed and that's why we can't talk?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
What do I say if someone congratulates me?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
How do I stop talking to a girl who is anxious and preoccupied?
What part time job could improve my social skills?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
What's an innovative idea for keeping the conversation going with learners and dealer decision makers after the course?
How do I not be shy around girls?
Why don't I want to talk anymore?
Why do I feel like I have no friends even though I know that I have like 0 friends? How can I stop this? How can I get friends?
How do I stop acting so awkward around acquaintances?
Is it bad to tell people that your confidence is low?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Would you make fun of me for wearing cartoon undies?
Should a person improve their social skills if they're an introvert, meaning they hate socializing?
What are some date conversations that have turned you on?
How do I deal with my overly attached friend?
I am funny, caring, clever and a quick learner. I am a 22-year-old boy and getting irritated. Why do people ignore me, treat me as a stranger?
How do you manage rude people you meet?
My friend wrote a subliminal status about me, should I call them out?
What is the difference between minisymposium talk and contributed talk?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
Why do I feel ashamed/disgusted of myself after a social interaction with "normal" people?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
Would guys let a female friend hug them if she asked for permission?
How do I cope when my old friends don't talk to me?
How can I communicate honestly with my friend?
If you see friends come into restaurant, do you offer them a seat?
Do you have a friend who gets you in trouble instead of helping you?
What should I do if my friends hurt me without any reason?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
Have you ever gotten aroused in an awkward situation and how?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
What's a list of questions you might ask a random person you just met to get to know what makes them feel unique?
Should I keep trying or stop talking to her?
How do I avoid making friends?
How can I fit in at high school? How can I make friends and keep up with everything?
What can we tell someone who is stubborn to see the good sides of someone while being too forgiving for bad behaviours and acts?
What are some topics to talk about with an internet penpal?
How do I make more sincere foreign friends?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you get the feeling that someone doesn't like you or care for you, should you go with that feeling?
What are your thoughts on someone responding with "not a problem"?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What is the best way to talk to her?
How can I tell my ex that I miss her like hell and still love her via text?
How do I stop a friend from coming to my room who is best friend of my roommate?
What are the signs which show that someone is not interested in talking to you?
Why is my friend always hard on me but not other women?
How can someone know whether he or she will become successful?
I have a reputation of being a mean and rude person, but am simply lonely (have zero friends). How do I make friends without appearing mean?
What is considered a good reason to call the police dispatch in Colorado to do a wellness check on a loved on?
How do I start a conversation with an online prospect?
How should I deal with being exploited by friends or family?
If I'm arguing with someone and I tell them to slap me and they do, is it still considered battery/assault?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
How can I blend in with local people at a new place?
How do you initiate conversation with a girl you have a crush on and who you admire every time she is nearby, of which she is aware?
How do I find anyone that needs someone to talk to about his/her life over texts?
What social habits or social rules are completely natural and adequate, but shy people don't seem to be aware of?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
Should I try to build a friendship?
Why don’t my friends appreciate all the advice I give them?
Do people still hang out with friends from college after college?
How do I start a conversation online with a girl I don't really know?
How do I talk to a very shy, loner guy?
Do you think that there are true friends?
What should we do to keep ourselves safe from social pressure?
How do I stop being the friend no one likes?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
How do you get along with the English?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
How do you cope when you live in isolation and have no friends or current job?
What do you do if someone criticises you unnecessarily?
How should I deal with my former best friend who is toxic for me and brutally bullying me?
Are most people in Turkey afraid to talk about politics?
What can I do if I'm depressed and have anxiety and panic attacks from time to time regarding the past ?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
How do I get my family to stop talking about my weight?
What would be your reaction if you farted loudly in a gathering?
How can I learn to talk effectively if people say I'm talkative? How can I talk less and faster in India?
What is the best way to say “Hi”?
How do I prank someone who asks me to get them a Big Mac?
Does the fact that I liked him playing with my hair mean I like my friend?
How do you stop devaluing yourself around people you've just met?
How do I respond to racial behaviors in a good way?
Is this shy guy avoiding me?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
Should I drop my "friend"?
Can a person in a coma hear me talk to them?
Can my friend access all my outgoing and incoming calls if I recharge with my friend’s account?
I need new friends, what can I do?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
What are the best places in India for a freelancer to live in and meet new people? I already live in a metro and want a break from the traffic and rat race.
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
Do you know of any social network that uses common interests and algorithms to suggest friends, instead of being based on common friends?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
How do you start a conversation with someone who had a bitter past with you?
How do I handle an annoying Dutch guest? All she wants to do is shop but not spend a single penny. I already lost enough money on her shopping.
What should I say about myself?
If you already have someone’s phone number and you want to ask them out, should it be done in person, or can it be done over the phone?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
What are the best things to say to a person who will always take advantage of other person?
Is there an app that can respond by saying "ok, got it", "yes, I understand" based on what I ask? Something that can be configured to respond like that.
How do you respond to people who ask how much you earn?
Should you tell someone if you're going to leave or not?
How can I help my (special) friend who doesn't believe a word I say?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
A hefty men once beat me on the street, due to which I am too afraid to go out of the house, thinking that he might catch me again. What should I do?
Why don't I like it when my friends talk to someone who hurt me (who I'm not friends with anymore and who knows what they did)?
A friend to all is a friend to none. Is it good to behave in this manner?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
A girl tried to talk to me but clammed up and couldn't even look at me at all. Why?
How do I implicitly tell someone that I don't like him/her?
Do you want to make an international friend?
What do I do if I am talking to someone and they keep randomly interrupting me and switching topics?
How do people socialise when they have very limited financial resources?
How do I tell if I enjoy programming?
Why am I an introvert and why am I scared to talk to people?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
How can I get my social life back at 20?
How big does a group of friends get before a popular clique is likely to develop?
Can you tell about the terrible friend you had?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
She wants to be friends. Now she is getting married. I’m trying to let our friendship fade away, but she really likes me as a friend. What do I do?
What is your best conversation opener?
How can we invite everyone to increase the number of inspiring, deep and fruitful conversations in our daily life and stop small talk?
How do I deal with a neighbor who I suspect has a personality disorder?
How do I respond to people when they say that they admire me?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
How do I make my parents trust my friends?
Can I find out when I became friends with someone if we are no longer friends?
What would people over 40 want to tell someone in their 30s?
I'm a shy girl, how can make myself exist?
Why can't I stop talking to myself?
What is the social life like for bachelors in the IFS? Are they allowed to date locals in the countries in which they’re stationed?
How do I approach a pretty girl in a bar?
How do I convince my classmates that I’m not gay?
How can I have a good conversation with someone I don't know well/ just met without reducing to small talk?
Do you talk with yourself?
What are the ways to convince your best friend who is mad at you for the reason you don't know?
Is it fine to start a stupid conversation to break the silence or better to keep silent?
How do I text people? I don't know what to talk about with others.
My friend keeps biting me for no reason. What should I do?
How not to end a conversation?
Would you consider continuing a friendship if your "friend" attempted to drug you?
Say you're off to an outrageous adventure with someone; what and where will it be?
How do I spend time with my male friends and not jump on them whenever I meet them?
Should my boyfriend stop seeing his dance partner (just hobby dancing), since we choose to stay together? She’s hitting on him a lot and I hate her.
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How can I make friends and not be lonely?
What is a good comeback if someone calls you gay and you're not?
How do artists deal with people who don't have any idea of his work and make fun of it?
What does an index finger wave mean?
What is the most appreciated way to respond when someone says they lost their parent as a child?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
Is one considered unsocial if he/she doesn't drink?
What are the best conversation tips to date any girl from abroad?
Who am I supposed to talk to when I have negative thoughts or am stressed? Should I talk to my boyfriend or someone else?
Is it easy for a Pakistani to make friends with locals in London at school?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
Is it right to ask someone important to you/someone you care about "what they think of you"?
What do you do, when a mother creates embarrassing situations for you because she is only focused on herself and always speak about everything?
How can you distance yourself from a friend?
How does one normally meet new people in online communities, specifically Quora and Reddit?
How can I contact K. K. Menon personally to talk to him?
Is it shameful to not have friends?
Can a woman experience orgasm during an online chat?
What are some general talks that can help in saving a dying conversation?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
As a young 18-year-old guy with no friends, how do I meet women?
How do I make friends on Facebook who are close to where I live?
Do your parents/friends care about you being Quora-famous?
How can I stop being a friendly person when it's generally my nature to be pleasant to people?
How do I deal with these "friends" of mine?
What are the most subtle strategies that people use when they do not care about what you say?
Is it scientifically possible to improve eyesight naturally?
How do you change friend groups?
Should I say anything to my friend about feeling let down by a miscommunication?
Do you ever feel horrible about yourself when no one wants to talk to you?
What's the best reply if someone says BMW produces the worst cars?
How do I get rid of my shyness when talking to beautiful girls?
What is the best thing to do when someone humiliates / insults you?
How do you deal with people that patronize and talk down to you?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
Does anyone actually have no friends?
How can I make friends on War Thunder on the PS4?
How do I tell girls that my piece is "crazy effective" without being rude or disrespectful?
Are people with broader friendship networks usually lower-maintenance?
How do I talk to boys?
What is the reason why people become friends with certain people?
How do I deal with my roommate who usually offends me? I'm a person who hardly has conflicts with others. The other roommates dislike her too.
How do I converse with my friend's wife?
Where can someone meet Jake Williams to have an interesting conversation about 'things'?
How do you deal with intimidating neighbours? They do things on purpose to provoke a reaction, which is affecting me. I have extreme social anxiety.
I might have lead on my best friend into thinking I like him. I might want to end it but don't want to ruin our friendship. What do I do?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
Is it good to call someone a prophet?
Why would somebody who wants to be friends with others not reveal their true identity?
How do I loot 2,000 in JioChat, without referring 200 friends?
Why is it hard for most people to keep a conversation going?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
How do I make close friends with a foreigner & how do I keep in touch if we live in different countries?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
How do I stop being uncomfortable with strangers?
How do I talk to a guy when my friends told him that I like him, but I've never talked to him before?
She doesn't like to talk more. How can she build that confidence in herself to talk with strangers and convince him to get married with her?
My boyfriend told me to fuck off during a fight and stopped talking to me. What should I do?
Is it pathetic if a person gladly accepts anyone as a friend because they have no other friends?
Why don’t they talk to me like an adult?
Why do we lose friends when we get good marks, is it jealousy?
How can we help a person to socialize after many years of incarceration?
What is an unusual place to meet women or just new, interesting people?
Is there someone I can go to to make me the best looking I can possibly be?
Why do I keep crying for no reason? I'm scared of talking to people. Before I was really friendly with people.
How do I stop texting a person and let them miss me?
Why would a girl be very trusting, despite not actually even being that close as friends?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
Is it really very necessary to socialize when the mentality do not match?
How can I explain to my friend how to take a picture of me without making me look short?
What would you do if your spouse keeps avoiding having a conversation about having children or keeps saying not yet?
Does higher education make a person socially awkward?
How do I show sympathy to someone who says I don't know what they've been through?
If someone asks you, “What is the aim of your life,” what should the answer be?
I like my best friend. For the last three weeks, she has been ignoring me. Now she is talking to me again. What should I think?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
How do ENTPs handle small talk?
How are the people I idolise alike (personalities, mannerisms, etc.)?
How should I react when someone says she deserves better?
How do I tell if someone is new on Facebook?
My friend stopped talking with me suddenly. Should I ask him what’s wrong?
How do I stop being nervous when people look at me?
Why do I have to be in conflict with someone before I can get really close to them?
How do you respond to stupid point less arguments and accusations?
What can I do to seem less bored and tired when I talk to people?
How do I deal with unreasonable people?
How do someone avoid oversleeping?
How do I stop my feelings for a friend? We can’t marry. I am about to leave the city, and a part of me is sad to leave him. We were more than friends.
How do you deal with a shy person?
How do I get my hot neighbor to notice me?
What are good topics on English literature for presentations?
My crush always stares at me and quickly looks away when I catch him yet he never talks to me. Is he just shy or am I reading too much into it?
Why am I always socially isolated?
How should a good friend be?
What does it mean, if a guy never talks to you first on FB but answers you immediately when you talk to him? Is he just nice?
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
How can I, as an ENTP female, make good friends?
Why do people get hurt when friends of the same sex ignore them?
How do you respond when someone says "That's just your education talking" in an argument?
How did your friendship end?
How can I get the president to talk to me and my family if I need help?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
Why should I reply when someone says "I'm trying to copy you"?
What do you call someone who's slightly large dick is all that they got going for them?
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
How do I avoid people?
What does it take to be your best friend?
Which is better at boosting social skills, cannabis or alcohol?
What kinds of topics do you not talk about with people you've recently met?
How do I avoid awkwardness without small talk?
Why doesn't good health, education, and a stable career fill the void I feel inside myself?
My friend is going out with an unknown person(might be a kidnapper/criminal). What should I do? I don’t want to get into trouble while helping her.
What are the different categories of social skills?
What kind of people do you like to deal with?
How can you help someone to shed the baggage of their past? What are the best ways to bring someone fully into the present and to prepare them for the future?
Is it a threat to my safety to try and talk to skinheads?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
How do I make the conversations more clear in fictional crossovers?
Why do people talk negatively about darker people?
My family, bf, and friend never really care for me or even to put up some times to listen to me. Who should I talk to?
How do I deal with a friend who is constantly borrowing money, insulting and rude?
What does it mean when someone says they "Don't trust your judgement"?
How do you say “Aloha” endearingly to a close friend?
What do you do when your good friend keeps fishing for compliments and you don't feel like going along with it?
What is it, to recover a close friend list?
My friend and everyone I know is graduating. This makes me feel very horrible. What should I do?
Why is it so hard for me to recognize when people are being sarcastic at work?
What does it mean when someone says "you consider yourself a cut above the company"?
How should I talk to someone who has just been rescued from a suicide?
How can I stop being so shy when reaching out to others?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
As an asexual, do you feel you have more trouble dealing with social situations?
How do I socialize with new people in Dubai?
How do couples that can’t communicate with the same language get along?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
Why might it be better for someone with BPD to not talk about their condition with others?
What is the best thing to say when someone compliments you?
How do I improve my social skills without compensating myself?
How can I convince myself when people don’t respond to my smile?
How often should I say hi to people when I pass by them?
How can I make friends when everyone's already grouped? I am a 15 year old girl and I am also not good at making friends.
Why would telling the truth make someone healthier?
Have you ever got aroused in an awkward situation, and how?
Do you have any homosexual friends? How does he behave with others?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
What level of friendship should the manager maintain with the team?
What's the best seating plan for a big group of friends at a restaurant, for everybody to be able to interact actively?
Why would someone say 'You don't smoke and you don't drink - what do you do'?
When is it appropriate to say no?
How do you deal with personal inconsistency?
How do you deal with someone who has demonized you?
Who should someone talk to about stigmata and recording visions?
If I’m having a conversation with someone in my dream, does it mean that I'm talking to myself/my own mind?
I am too shy to exist in social media. How can I improve?
What's the best way to deal with bigoted friends in a small school?
What should I do when someone says bad things about me because of my personal life, and I don’t want to live?
How can I learn to accept myself and stop trying to be someone else in the way I dress, talk, and act?
If no one values me, neither my friends nor anyone else, then what should I do?
How can I keep envy out of my friendship?
What should I do when I feel like my friends are alienating me?
How do I get out of a one-sided conversation?
Will you add a stranger on Facebook who would ask what the CSS stands for?
How can I improve my personality and social skills?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
I used to talk to a girl all the time and we were good friends but I am shy so I never talked to her in person so we stopped. What should I do?
Why does she take so long to text back?
How do I start a conversation with a person, so that they will never get bored with me?
How do I leave the company of bad friends?
Why does my friend's brother get too shy when I go to her home?
How can I tell if someone is envious of me?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I become the most likeable person at work?
How should you respond when someone tells you that most men are bad people?
If your tween daughter has a friendship with a "mean girl," how would you intervene?
What is a good code/ideal/personality to embody for someone who is lost in life?
As a new home owner, how did you introduce yourself to your neighbors when your neighbors are substantially different from you?
Someone I was sitting next to and I burped at the same time. What does this mean?
Where should I take a girl I've never had a conversation with in person on a date? A restaurant? A movie?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Why do some people find it awkward to talk about serious topics?
Why is there a stereotype that the British don't talk to strangers?
What is the easiest and the most cost friendly way to make a sidewalk?
How do I tell my friends and family I have social anxiety?
How do I say hi to a new student?
What should I do to be or feel most alive in public places with acquaintances and strangers?
How can I deal with someone who has no respect for my property?
Is this site coercive or making fun of adoption?
Is it okay to not be friends with my fiancé's friends? When they come over, I don't even care to be in the room to say hello.
How could introverts learn to become more social and hold comfortable and meaningful conversations for both parties?
Why do guys randomly stop talking to girls?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
Should you ignore someone who ignored you?
What's the best reply for thank you?
What should I do, as people call me a loser because I am humble, soft and an introvert?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
What are some nice things to say to my bestfriend?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How can I talk to the girl I like who stays in a group?
Is there difference between my friend and a friend?
I’m worried about my sadistic friend what should i do?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
Why do I never shut up in the shower?
How may I fuck someone stranger or unknown?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Should I be friends with someone who insults my boyfriend?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
Is it normal to have awkward silences with my boyfriend?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
If someone talks negatively about your country, what you will do?
What is the appropriate way for a military officer to respond to insubordination?
What do you do when younger relatives ask for money, after they told you they don't want to talk to you? Should I call them out?
Why would a girl avoid talking?
Why should I trust anyone? After all, everyone will stab you in the back sooner or later!
How can I help my 19 year old develop social skills and friendships?
How can anyone make a strongly wide social circle with people having prestigious position?
How do I kiss my close friend?
What do I do if my best friend misunderstands me and does not want to listen to my explanation?
What's the best dating website for single males seeking females?
How do you call someone who is not interested in politics?
How remain do I stay composed when someone ignores or humiliates me?
A coworker likes to skate. Should we go out as friends if this person accepts the offer?
How can I make a lot of friends? How many friends does actually one need?
Should I attend a weekend-long bachelorette party for my boyfriend's sister where I will not know anyone and most guests are 5+ years older than me?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
How can I feel comfortable with my height?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
What should I do when I am close to my roommate and classmate as well but I actually strongly dislike her?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
How would you respond to someone that said happiness is "complacency"?
How do I prevent others from taking control over me?
I am shy and lonely. I am employed in a company. Everyone around me are promoted and move up the ladder. Would somebody tell me what I should do?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
How can I get my friend to depilate?
I joined a community group at my church and the leader seems unpresent with me. Should I keep going to this group?
What is the best reply when someone says don is always don?
How do I stop feeling inadequate amongst other young adults?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What is the best way to ignore a person you like?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
Which would you do if you were verbally bullied for months, fight back or report it to the school authorities?
What is the best reply to someone saying "… and I am ok with that"?
As a RCB fan, how should I react when people tease me?
How do you deal with people who are generally nasty, unpleasant but are genuinely nice with you?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
What is the best way to start a conversation online with someone and transition it to real life?
What is the best trick to talk with anyone confidently over phone?
I have a friend on FB who keeps randomly cursing (possibly about sports). How can I tell her that she should add what she's watching to her status?
How can I become friends with a police officer as a student?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
Whenever I want to talk with someone, my thoughts turn negative and people get hurt. What should I do?
How can I improve my social skills when I'm used to get used by other's?
Why do obese people make fun of me for being in shape?
How do I ask for WiFi politely?
Have you ever started and maintained a conversation with a stranger online (e.g. on Quora)?
Why are some people not shy?
When meeting someone for the first time, do you find yourself announcing your title or what you for a living?
What does it mean when a woman smiles at you behind someone, but will not smile front of this person?
How do I find my mom's old friend?
How do I start a conversation with a stranger (a female) in India without sounding creepy?
Did I do the right thing by trying to talk things out with another mom about our sons' fight?
How can i avoid being emotionally manipulated?
How can I deal with homophobic talk from "friends" and people I hang out with, as a closeted lesbian?
How should I tell my Dad that I am talking to a girl I really like online?
Why don't I have any friends? Why am I bad at getting friends?
How do I ask for restaurant recommendations without being rude?
What is the best way for a girl to travel alone with a guy friend and avoid any awkward situations?
Is there any way to know what the wrongs are that I am doing each day without asking anyone?
What can I do legally when a stranger tries to touch me?
Why do all of my friendships seem difficult?
How should I react if I bump into someone who once spread false rumors about me?
Why has my good female friend's behavior changed a lot towards me? She is behaving completely differently but is playful with all of the males.
How do I ask for a discount from online dating coach?
Should I start talking to my dad again?
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How can I dress to impress my best friend who always body shames me and who thinks everyone else is beautiful except me?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
What should I do or say when someone says Britishers improvised India a lot more than what it is now?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
Can​ someone tell me what are the unknown facts hidden in the Mahabharat which are not prominently discussed?
How do I find friends with the same success hungry attitude as myself, as there are none around me?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
Who were you and who are you?
How many friends do you have, and do you think all of them are your true friends?
My classmates are teasing me with a girl's name whom I like, what should I tell them?
How does one make friends if they despise small talk?
How can I become social in a new school?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
Why do people act differently when talking over the internet?
How can you tell if someone is talking you privately on Messenger?
How do you feel when the person you want to talk is not online?
How can I display confidence through my eyes? I'm tired of people trying to bully me because they think they are superior.
Who is the best divorce photographer in San Francisco?
How can you avoid being needy when you only have a couple of friends?
How can I know whether my best friend is a true friend or not?
How do I make a girl interested even she does not want it?
How do I stop worrying about my past?
Why is my friend protective of me? (We're both girls.)
How do you maintain a friendship with someone overseas?
How can I authenticate someone I met online?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Why is my best friend ignoring me on purpose, but is extremely active towards other people? I can’t talk to him about it. What should I do?
How can I make friends being a teenager?
If a boy says “I want to date you”, what should I say?
What does it mean when someone talks a lot about their work?
How do you start a conversation with a Tamil mother-in-law at the first meeting?
A man has seven friends. If the first friend meets him every night, the second meets him on the second night, the third on the third night, and so on -after how many days will they all meet together?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do narcissists hate when you say you are happy and made new friends?
How can I deal with people who hate me just because of me being white?
On my friend’s friend list, the number of friend’s is 90, but I can only see my profile. Restricted mode would not give a number. Why?
What's the proper way of receiving a compliment, without sounding to conceited or arrogant?
What do you say when you help someone all the time and when it comes time for them to help you they say they don't owe you anything?
If someone has hurt you and you really want to scold that person but could not do it, does it mean that you are weak?
Why is everyone talking about life when they are drunk and not any other topic?
What does it mean when someone calls you a hustler?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
How can I keep separate from my friend who has nothing to offer me?
Why does she rarely initiate talking, but when I initiate it, it regularly lasts 30 mins? Does she like me?
How do I recover an old friend?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
What makes Sonali an adorable friend of Somal?
What does it mean if a guy that doesn't know you makes fun of you with his friends?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
Is it strange to see someone you don't know and feel from the way they talk and behave that you would be extremely good friends?
If you were nice to someone and they started being an asshole to you, what would you need to hear to ever want to talk to that person again?
Is it illegal when someone force you to say something?
What do you call a person who loves making friends?
How do I survive with a very sociable girlfriend at a social gathering?
What happens to a listener when a person says (with attitude) that he/she knows a lot of stuff, but in reality he/she doesn't know anything?
Why can't I have guy friends?
Someone asked me what is suicide and I suddenly uttered “it's your defeat.” Am I right?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
Is it normal to feel bad when a friend only talks about himself/herself all the time?
Is socializing as tedious as it seems?
Is it appropriate, or required by proper etiquette, to bring flowers to a friend who invited my wife and me to a classical concert in which he plays?
What's the best thing to do when people talk about others to you?
What should I do when someone doesn't open up to me?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do you reject politely when someone is asking you to send a photo of yours?
Should I talk to the girl I like?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
How can I say someone has a beautiful face, without sounding like flirting or hitting on them?
If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better off not saying anything?
Should we give too much respect to son-in-law?
How should I start an online conversation?
How should I respond to "I am so happy to be friends with you"?
How do you talk to a girl that snubs people?
How can I be a more charming person if I don't have the looks? Also, I'm not very talkative or expressive.
How common is it for entrepreneurs to not get along super-well with parents?
Why has all the effort I made for a special friend to get his attention actually pushed him away? Is there anything wrong with being so generous?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
Some mystery man on my Insta says my hair is softer than his soul and knows my sleeping patterns. He wants to meet me at lunch. Should I do it?
How can I get Jordan Yates to follow me around socially and virtually?
Why won't my brother friend me on Facebook?
How can I stop telling myself, that I shouldn't see me as an artist because creativity doesn't come naturally to me?
Why can’t I talk to girls, even though I am one?
How can I handel a person who mentally and verbally tormented me earlier and now talks sweetly to me?
What is friendship?
What should I do if I find a person who doesn't want to speak to me?
How do I become a better conversation starter?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
What do you think about temporary friendships? Are they real or fake?
What is the last nice thing you did for someone?
Why does nobody reply to me when I greet to them in a friendly way on Quora?
What should I do when I am hardly attached to a friend that lives in another country?
How can I avoid conflicts with other people?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
How do I start a conversation with an acquaintance online?
How do you respond to the phrase “nobody likes you”?
How do I say no to a girl without hurting her?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
What do you do if you can't get along with someone who you can't avoid meeting every day?
Why can't I fit in with groups of girls?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in my class? (give examples)
How do I expand my social circle and meet more people in college?
How can I tell someone that they are stupid without offending them?
How do I stop someone from bossing me around?
If someone tells you that you lack professional integrity, is that person being a jerk or simply being honest?
How can humans get along with the environment?
How do you confront someone?
Why do people make fun of me for being asexual?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
I get over excited when I talk to new girls. How do I stop this?
My sister is angrily talking to herself, what needs to done?
How do you open yourself up again after losing a friend?
What is a good metaphor for someone who needs attention?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
In your opinion, just as we do our best to give a glass of water to someone who asks for it, is it polite to sleep with a random person who asks for sex?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
What should I do to my backstabbing friends?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
How can I seem friendly?
I've liked this guy for a while now. We talk over text and Snapchat and it's not awkward. What I've noticed is he's really awkward in person. Why?
What will you do if your bestie thinks that you are ignoring him/her because you got a few new friends?
How do I deal with people who always find mistakes?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
Why do I feel awkward or sometimes even anxious when I'm talking or hanging out with good friends or my parents?
Is there something wrong with me? I can't cheer up my friends.
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
How should I talk to somebody who has cancer?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
How do you tell the difference between someone playing victim or someone genuinely having a hard time?
How do you keep your head up when people are spreading bad rumors about and you can afford to move?
How can I overcome anxiety when talking with other people? How can I get rid of being socially awkward?
What is friendship like as we get older?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
How do you interact with someone who exhibits a negative/unfriendly attitude towards you in a social setting?
What am I doing wrong that prevents me from making friends?
Just because I had a bad experience with one group of friends, why does that make me scared of getting close to others?
It’s so awkward when I call my friends over to my house, and my parents ask them which caste they belong to. How should I deal with this?
How can I make my future brother-in-law shut up?
If you were to talk about anything in a short time, what would it be?
How do I know if my friends are real and they respect me?
Why did my guy friend stop talking to me?
Did anyone want to make friends?
How do you become really close to someone who is generally closed off?
What is the best way to start a conversation with someone you have never spoken with online?
Why can't I just be 'me' in social interactions? Why do I have to scheme to fit in?
How can I become friends with Xi?
When you're a person who has gone through sexual abuse, will you ever get comfortable around guys? How long will it take? I’m tired of being afraid.
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How do you deal with people who start arguments for no reason whilst out when you don't even know them?
Is it that bad if I refuse an offer to hang out because I am not interested?
A guy friend who I don't talk anymore after a recent fight still follow my Instagram? Why?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
Why did my friend (girl) avoid seeing me?
Why do people, my so-called friends on Facebook, ignore me?
Is always failing to see each other a reason to break off a friendship?
If someone says “I am going to do what I got to do”, what is the best reply?
What is the point of small talk when you know the other people don't care?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
A friend insulted me in a WhatsApp group. Now, I am afraid to face people as they will laugh and make fun of me. What do I do? I didn’t do it on purpose.
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
How do I impose my will on every person I meet?
How can I deal with one guy who is jealous of me everytime and try to interrupt and put me down by keeping track of what I am doing?
What’s the best way to respond when someone says he needs a massage?
Is it wrong if you don’t want to be friends with anyone?
How would you react if someone you didn't know knocked on your door and asked if you were okay?
How come I can speak to people normally and have a decent amount of friends but I get overwhelmingly nervous when giving presentations?
How can I learn to be genuinely friendly and be more tolerant towards strangers?
My friend suggested sex, I turned it down, next day texted back "might not hurt". Did I mess up our friendship?
How can I make friends with a foreigner? Do you live in Xi'an?
What are social skills and why are they important?
What is a polite reply to refute requests from startups who want to get coffee and feedback?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How can a boy approach you for clean friendship?
What does it mean when someone sees you and says that you are “fine as wine”?
How do I behave around my male friend who is ignoring me in real life and only likes to chat with me?
What does it mean, if someone wrote to me, 'Don't wit'?
How do I respond to people who say 'you are inspiring'?
Is it alright for a man who's committed in a relationship to be meeting new women just as friends?
Can I fight someone who says racist stuff to me?
How should I react when my best friend constantly hurts me about my skin color?
What is difference between being friendly and being cheap?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
What are the weird/absurd/random messages that girls get from strangers/friends on any platform?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
How should I react when people criticize me?
What is the best opening line to start a deep conversation?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
How do I talk to my mother about my rape? She knows about it but brushed it off and didn't want to talk about it, but now I feel like I need to talk.
How hard is it for a shy girl to start a conversation over text with her crush?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I make friends at 20?
How would you thoroughly clean the home of someone who is allergic to dust, without making it worse for them?
Why don't I like physical contact with my family? (hugging, kisses, leaning and sitting next to them)
Which friends do you like, before or after they change?
How do I get along with people who talk too much?
How do I react to someone who keeps hitting me aggressively in a street fight?
I make friends fast but loose interest in them very soon. Does it contradicts the fact that I am an intovert?
How do I avoid people who disrespect me because I don't talk much and never respond to their bad behaviour?
What are some good yes/no questions that I can add in an app that I am making for my female best friend?
Why do my classmates try be friend with me?
How do I politely decline an invite to my friend’s dirty and messy place without offending them?
Short lived interests, what does that say about someone?
How do you keep consistent conversations with women?
What should one say in reply to “nasai kala”?
What are the best schools for foreigners to be able to make friends in London?
What are the proper words to say when someone tells you that a relative has died?
How do I keep a genuine smile like yours when people are mean to me?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
Can I reply “my pleasure” when someone replies “you are welcome” to my “thank you”?
What does it mean if a person don't want to talk to you or have eny incoming with you and less interested?
What are the implications of going up to someone important and saying a risky introduction?
How do I approach a friend that I feel is lying to me?
How do you ask somebody if they like your friend?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
I sit in front of a girl who I think seems cool and is pretty. How do I talk to her so I can get to know her better?
Have you struck a conversation with a stranger and regretted having done it later?
How can you tell when someone is teasing you to be mean or if they're teasing as friends?
My friend talks about race too much, how do I make him stop?
How does someone make new friends in their 40s?
How do I tell if someone likes me when they never show their emotions?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
Is it rude to ignore someone if they are bothering you?
How many friends can you really trust in times of need?
How do I respond when people think I'm the boss' son but I'm not?
Is there a way to tell someone that they smell nice without sounding creepy?
What could be the best reply for F*ck off?
I just had an argument with my best friend. And now, neither of us is talking to each other. Is there any solution?
I have good social skills, but I often feel phony when using them. What should I do?
How can teenagers make friends in a big city?
How do I make friends with an existing group of friends?
What is best response you can give if someone takes you as a kid?
How do I open up to friends?
What's wrong with us, my husband and I generally can't have a conversation without ending up in an argument?
What stops people from being straightforward to those they consider friends?
How do I handle dumb friends without hurting them?
Why, if my millennial friends are almost constantly texting, do they ignore or delay answering a simple but relevant question?
How do I excel in life as a highly sensitive yet socially awkward introvert?
If person humiliates me but tags herself as a friend, should I quit that friendship?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
Why do I find it so hard/awkward to talk to new people online and how can I overcome this?
In class, I told someone to "shut up" during a test because he was talking. Now I look like a bad guy and everyone is ganging up on me. What do I do?
How could someone best respond to "It doesn't matter, you wouldn't believe me even if I told you”?
If the person only texts me when they're bored at night, and need to kill the time, what am I to them?
Is it worth it to get close to a person who you barely have something in common?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
How do you tell a person that he/she smells?
My friend is doing articleship in dilloite. Should I send my CV to him or try in such firms without reference?
How do I mingle with people in public places?
Is it wrong to talk to someone of the opposite gender daily?
Is there any app to take trips with strangers?
How do you tell someone they are judgmental?
What are some polite & effective ways to refuse to give to panhandlers, particularly the "pushy" and persistent?
Is there hope for shy introverts to have a social life?
What is the smartest thing to make somebody shut up after they call you gay?
What is a good career to pursue if you like to travel and meet new people?
He joked about having sex with baby mama. What would you do?
I want friends as a teen, but I'm so bad at keeping relationships. What should I do?
Why do people approach you more when you're more sociable?
What things can bring people closer together?
There is a joke about the cat was on the roof referring as an easy way to tell someone that someone died?
How can I get foreign gay friends?
How do I tell my friend that I never said anything regarding his marks?
How do you think a Chinese person makes friends with foreigners?
How pathetic is it to be 30 and not have any friends?
What do I do if my daughter wants to be friends with an old friend of mine who is a swindler?
How can I detect fake friends?
If someone asks me about international business, what should I tell them?
How can I stop getting messages from someone without hurting their feelings?
Is it rude to ask someone why they don't discipline their kids?
How and where can a 19-year-old boy meet more people and build friendships?
Why do groups of people/friends tend to misjudge a person’s character and alienate him/her, knowing full well it isn't true at all?
How do you hint to a friend that you want them to leave your house without hurting their feelings?
What was the last conversation you had with your mother?
How do I start a conversation with a girl in high school?
How can I live without hurrying much but accomplishing everything?
Why do some people suddenly stop talking to you even though you were close?
Why should I pretend to be interested in a conversation that doesn't interest me?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
How can we improve our conversation skills in social gatherings?
Where can I find friendly & optimistic as well as safely adventurous people to befriend?
Is there a service that matches me up with people that have differing views from me?
Does anyone feel that when they talk to people they sound weird, crazy or boring?
How do you try to share your experience without making the conversation about yourself?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Where can someone in his thirties make new friends online?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
Should I be afraid to wear a fanny pack as a man?
What can I do to fit in with the popular crowd?
What if someone tried to hit on Asajj Ventress? How would she react?
How do I deal with friends who remember me when they have work but not when they’re having fun?
What is the most humourous way to reply when someone greets me on my birthday?
Is it bad to be socially awkward?
Why do women touch my shoulder when I talk to them?
My fiance is not interested talking to me. What should I do?
If you are friends with a celebrity should you tell your other friends? Why or why not?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you conduct yourself with 'friends' who exclude you from activities and talk about them in front of you?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
How do I tackle a conversation with my boss who changes goal posts in every conversation?
I'm a new junior at a very large high school. How can I make friends with other juniors?
How should I help my friend with his GoFundMe?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
Is it possible for a sociopath to not be able to make friends?
How do you talk about established facts without sounding arrogant?
Should I stop trying to be friends with some one because I feel like I'm clinging on to them really fast?
When you're in front of someone who is using a computer and looking at the screen, where do you look at to not seem awkward?
Should I apologize after being insulted?
Should I trust someone who talks bad to others when they leave?
How do I chat with women in order to develop friendships?
What are some tips that can help people overcome social awkwardness?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
I'm an Indian guy currently staying in London and I don't have any friends here. What's the best way to meet new people here?
Why are selfies considered bad on dating sites these days?
What should I do when someone looks at me & says "autistic" and rolls their eyes and scowls?
Should I open up to someone close to me about how I was raped in my childhood?
When you meet somebody, what's the first thing you are curious to know about them in conversation?
Is it normal that I like to look at a guy, but I don't want to talk to him about it?
Is it rude to be shy around people you don't know well when you're a teenager?
What is the polite way to make a request for a project?
How do I make new friends, and how do I trust them?
Is it bad to picture myself sleeping with every person I meet?
What do I do when I have a friend who I like but I don't want to screw up our friendship?
How do I take a holiday without offending anyone?
Are you morally responsible for the advice you give?
Have you ever wished very badly that somebody (who is not a celebrity) was your one of your friends​ or family? Why?
Would you stop being friends with someone over the way they disciplined their children?
Can you have true friends outside of school/college?
How do you decline unappealing food at a friend's house?
What is the use with making more friends?
How do you see someone’s profile who is private but they DM you and you don't want to accept because you don't know who it is?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
What are the basic rules to know when socializing with people?
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
How can you deal with someone who dictates to you the instructions and does not understand anything about them?
Sometimes I have brown accidents when I'm nervous around girls I like. What should I do?
How do I say no to someone for a date without sounding rude?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
What is a polite way to say 'none of your business' when people ask nosy questions?
How do you know you are more invested in a friendship than you should be?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
What is the best reply for a person who calls you fat?
What is the most polite way to turn down an offer you had accepted?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
Why don't I like people to be indebted to me?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
How do I identify the right set of people, and consider them as good friends?
How do you respond to people who say that they envy you?
Who can I talk to about my problems?
What are some hints to take care of while inviting 10 German friends for a lunch party?
Why am I desperate to talk to boys when I feel alone?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Whom should I talk to when I have no-one to talk to?
How can I stop being extremely uncomfortable in some quite normal situations with many people around me?
What are some useful ways to prepare in order to seem confident before going to a party, social gathering, out with friends, etc.?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
Why does my friend always act petty around me?
Is it too late to make friends?
What should I do to handle my fancy friend?
How can I deal with my social awkwardness?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
Why am I so scared of putting myself out there?
What is a good career for someone who likes talking to people?
Do shy people make it in the world?
How can I talk to Facebook for help?
What do you do in your spare time if you are having trouble making friends?
Can you be my new friend?
How do I get respect from people? No one likes me except for 2 dudes.
How can I improve my social conversation with others?
How do you make and keep friends?
Why don't my friendships last?
How do I stop apparently "looking shy" or "nervous" when I'm not even shy or nervous?
How do I stop wanting "friendship"?
What is the best way to strike up a conversation with a girl you've never met before?
Is it rude for some to talk to someone else within a group in a language others do not understand?
How can I overcome being an "ooch ouch" guy?
How do I speak easily with people when I see them for the first time on a train?
What do you do if your new acquaintances tease you in fun with people who genuinely don't like you?
What does it mean if I'm the only one who’s initiating conversations or meet-ups?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
Does a legal drug exist that will help me with my social awkwardness and boost confidence?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
Is it inappropriate to stay in contact with a manager that laid you off?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
How can I be more attractive to my female friend?
I've started to talk less and surround myself with less people. Is this just a teenage phase?
What's wrong with just asking to be someone's friend?
What are some good conversation starters for a casual first date?
How do I ask someone if they want money for their service?
How can I get along with somebody who is envious toward me?
What can I do about my terrible social skills?
How do I deal with my best friend who is ignoring me when he got a new friend?
What value does CA have in the USA, the UK, and Australia ?
Is it rude to resell something I bought from someone?
What do you do when the people person who everyone gets along with keeps you at a distance/closes off with you?
Why is it rude to tell someone they are ignorant and narrowminded if it is true?
If your dearest friend repeatedly insults you (in front of others) and insists it’s not a big enough deal to be discussed afterwards, what does it mean?
What do I do so that my new friends put in the same effort?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How do I meet new people and grow in a corporate when I am an introvert?
How can I become more proud so I won't get miserable if someone offends me?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
How can I get people to stop hating me?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
What level of friendship is self disclosure appropriate?
Explain the limits you should not cross in a friendship?
How will you react when your friend is not talking to you without any reason?
What do I say if someone responds with I appreciate your compliment?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
How can I politely and effectively stop someone saying "You can't take it with you (when you die)" as an excuse to be wasteful with money?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Did you follow someone then noticed that they intentionally ignore your comments?
How do I make people stop talking to me?
My friends beat me in class just for fun. What should I do?
What happens if you just stop participating in life? If you're just done?
Why do I have such a bad feeling after running into my middle-aged neighbour?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
On a scale of 1-10, how socially awkward are you?
Are you allowed to tell someone to delete a picture of you?
What should I do if I waste a lot of time on social media?
Hw do you hold a conversation with someone who does not like you?
It seems that when I like someone and then they like me back, I will like being with them for a little while and then I close myself off. Why is that?
We were only talking as friends, had good conversations, but suddenly he stopped talking to me?
What should I talk about with a girl so she doesn't get irritated or bored?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
How do I tell an acquaintance that I know when their birthday is without sounding creepy?
How can I feel more socially secure?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What should I do when I go to Toronto to meet my friend?
Is there any way to stop being socially awkward at 26?
Do your friends mock you, behind your back for taking a reserved seat?
How do I reconcile with a former best friend who doesn't want to speak to me?
How would you handle the situation if your friend cheated on another friend of you for another person whom your were close to?
Do Virgos get along with Leos?
Why don’t hackers want to talk? They just want a job.
Why do I feel embarrassed to ask for my parents if I can hang out with my friends?
What should I do if anyone tries to be friendly with me?
How can I get a good friend in life?
What should I do if a known person is ignoring me?
How do I get along with my doctor?
The guy I was talking to changed his number. Can you give me some advice?
What is one friendship you are glad you ended and why?
What are the different ways to ask “What's up”?
When walking past someone, should you greet them/say hi?
What do I do in a party alone when my friends dance with somebody else?
Where can I find someone to talk to randomly?
What are the alternatives to rebuild the trust lost in friendship?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
How can I get rid of unwanted friends but still be in a healthy friendship?
What should I do if I talk to someone so politely and that person insults me?
What are girl lines? I heard someone say "You have nice lines" to my friend, so what does it mean?
What are the characteristics of a person who no longer is capable of maintaining a friendship?
What would you say to someone who wants to get into mindfulness but is having a hard time?
How can I ignore the person who lives with me? Can you give me good and relevant suggestions?
What do you think of a married woman has many male friends instead of female friends?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why don't I feel awkward during silence? It's just silence for me - there's nothing more to say/discuss. Thoughtful conversations require thoughts.
How can I stop being socially awkward at 22 years old?
How can I get new friends to share what I’m feeling at the moment?
Why do people after the age of 30 stop having fun just because they have more responsibilities?
How do I deal with a teenager who has suddenly become very frustrated? He doesn't want to talk to me. He was a good boy. What went wrong?
How do I apologize to my close good friend for my actions that I did after being drunk and that I did on the very next day due to being hurt by some of her actions?
How do I interact with a person whom I don't like in a group of mutual friends?
What can I do when he is ignoring me like this?
What should one do if being used by everyone and not having true friends?
My guy friend always pressures me to be more social or smile more, is this too controlling or does he just really care for my social well being?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
What do I do if I don't have a trusted adult to talk to?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
Does anyone have good friend(s) on Quora?
Why is there more judgment on women who have mostly male friends, and not on guys who have mostly female friends?
Should I stop talking to my friends, because I still like romantically one of them and seeing him with the other friend breaks my heart?
What can be the best way to say no?
Is being single forever socially good?
Is social awkwardness a disorder?
How do you respond politely to someone when she flatters you?
Why do people these days lack the basic sense of starting a conversation?
“Most women aren’t used to initiating conversations with guys.” Is replacing “to initiating” with “to initiate” in the sentence correct?
How can I make a foreigner friend in Bangalore?
Is it ever OK to hit a woman?
Do you have friends who are completely different from you?
How can I know if a German person considers me a good friend?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
How can I stop talking almost entirely?
If you are out with a friend of the opposite sex, how do you know if you're on a date or just two friends hanging out?
Am I expected to sit next to the girl I'm going to prom with if we're just going as friends?
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
Is there any point trying to save a friendship that’s been drifting apart?
How can I start a conversation between three friends?
What should I do to stop talking in class, stop making friends, and just focus on learning in high school?
How do you put up an honest online dating profile without feeling like you're exposing "the personal you" to an audience that could include bosses, coworkers, and creepy people that you know in real life?
How do we fit into a social situation where we know we won't because of no interest in the topic whatsoever, but there's a compulsion to be a part of it?
How can you stay friends in an office without getting romantically involved?
What is a good comeback to someone calling you a slut?
How do I convince people to keep the streets clean when they don't care about it?
What's the best way to meet new people in Istanbul?
In a movie, how do you hang someone without hurting them?
How do you respond when someone talks about your success in terms of salary?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
What should I do when a friend of mine is suddenly not chatting with me?
How am I supposed to react at people who make fun of themselves?
What should I say to foreign students if I want to make friends with them?
Some of my close friends say that I am changed now, but they don't know the situation from which I am passing. Should I give any explanation to them or not?
How can I start a conversation with beautiful girls?
Should I avoid my friend whom I am starting to have feeling for, as I am gay?
Every guy I talk to ends up falling in love with me, what do I do?
At what level it is justified to make a best friend but not many friends?
How do I reply in sayat.me?
How do I live with someone who is always accusing me of being a terrible person?
Which is the best site to talk with strangers?
Do extraverts feel lonely because they have so many friends but don't have one single best friend?
What should me and my friends do to speak secretly when in public?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How do you tell someone you have an STD?
How can you tell if someone is sincere when they do something for you or they have some other motive?
How do I reply when someone says, “You're a loser”?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
Why does everyone make depression out to be a relateable topic?
How do you react politely and refrain from someone who is clearly trying to get advantage of you?
How do I tell someone on Quora that I like them without coming off as creepy?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
How do I handle the situation when I am sitting beside a person in exam who doesn't know anything and continuously disturbs me?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
Is it normal that a girl in school ignores me and avoids talking to me because I'm not popular?
If Trump could get along with China's president this week, could he get along with Putin?
How can we make uninvited guests go back without hurting them?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
Do you have any current friends that you think you met in a past life?
How do I nicely tell someone that I don't like them?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
Being shy, how and where can I approach a girl without looking too weird?
Why don’t friends last a lifetime?
Should you hang out with some people if you can tell they are only inviting you out of pity?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
How do you respond when people ask, "So, what's your story?"
What if the destiny won't let two people meet but in real like they actually want to meet? Will everything go wrong when they meet?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Why do all my friends shake their heads whenever I tell them I like an Indian? (I am white.)
What do you say to someone who underestimates himself by talking bad about his appearance?
I accidentally unmatched someone I was in the middle of conversing with. How do I rematch?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
How do I get my male roommate to curse less?
When do you tell interested people through online dating that you are an amputee without scaring them away?
How could I make the best impression to a stranger?
How often should we text friends?
Is it possible to become more social as an adult, never having had these skills previously? If someone is introverted, can they learn to be outgoing?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
How do I care less about haters that talk behind my back and belittle me?
How do I tell my dad that I need more bras without making it awkward and embarrassing?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
How do I seduce a girl only through action?
If your friend wants to come to your country, what things would you suggest for him to do and not to do to be polite and respectful?
How do you react rationally when everybody is fighting on religion?
What are some topics for random conversations?
How do I increase my confidence and gain more social skills?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Is it rude to ask someone what they paid for something unusual, something I wouldn't be able to look up myself?
What are some tips for starting an interesting conversation with a teen girl?
Can you give me free online websites for talking with psychologists or strangers? I want to talk about my desperate status.
How do I open up to people when I'm shy?
What should I do if one of my friend ignores me?
What does it mean when someone you know notices you from afar but doesn't say hi?
How should I deal with those friends who've decided to be communists?
If someone asked you who the "trash lady" is, what would you say?
People are always underestimating me and make fun of me because I can't play sports?
Why do people talk about me behind my back?
Will you feel bad if no one sits next to you on a bus but everyone else has a person who sits next to them?
What do you call someone who makes excuses all the time?
How do you avoid patronising someone when teaching them?
Why do girls at my school say it is illegal to hit them?
What should I do if my best friend’s mom hates me?
What is the best way to refuse to serve someone alcohol (to 'cut them off')?
How do you stay under the radar at school?
How do my wife and I become close friends with a group of friends (all couples) we hang out with but don't have a close friendship with any of them?
How are socially awkward people expected to "improve" when no one is willing to help them do so, besides telling them to "stop making excuses"?
How do I talk to people on dating.com site?
How do I get to know a classmate?
Do narcissists ever make real friends?
How can I make my life more social in Mumbai?
Why do I hate the idea of meeting new people?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
How do I build a social circle during college?
How do you feel when someone talks to you in Chinglish?
Do you talk with youself? If so, do you feel comfortable doing it?
How do I stop others from interjecting while I am in conversations?
Can two best friends make up after they exchange below the belt insults in anger?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
How can someone befriend you then all of the sudden stop being friends with you because it is no longer convenient for them?
What does it mean when someone calls you animalistic?
What should be my response when people say hi to me?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
Am I a bad friend for not wanting to be in the same project group with my friends for this block, because they stressed me out last block?
What do you think is the best way to avoid people who are very annoying and only spread negative vibes?
Is there a time when someone meant to say something mean to you, but you didn't think it was mean at all?
Where can I go by myself (recently divorced, new to area, no friends) in Sunday night in Portland, ME?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How do I know if a shy guy might be interested without ever talking to me in general?
How do I say no to my best friend after I promised something?
How do I come up with new thoughts during a conversation?
What is an appropriate response to patronizing behavior?
Why do we sometimes get the urge to have sexual relations with someone we just met?
My best friend is always the popular one. What do I do?
What should I do when a guy that I like invades my personal space? How do I maintain control and keep the conversation going?
How I deal with a broken friendship, as I angered her with a tactless message?
Will I be unsuccessful because I like having only a few friends?
Why do people change when they meet?
How can I deal with people who lack of tact?
What is the best way to reply when someone says "the moon is beautiful"?
On what basis will you classify someone as a bitch/asshole?
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
What types of conversation sounds can be made to impress a girl on chat?
How should I stand up to unreasonably suspicious people who assume I am plotting to commit a crime because I am a stranger?
What is the definiton of friend? How should a real friend act?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
What should one do upon spotting a beggar woman with an infant?
What's the point of making art if there is nobody to share it with?
Why does my female friend tries to corner me?
How can I make someone understand that I didn't like or agree with their statement without talking back?
Does my friend still want to be friends?
Can a shy & less talkative boy model?
Why aren't my social skills improving, no matter how hard I try?
If it wasn’t love, why could you value your lustful desire more than a friendship?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
How should I respond to my step mum who constantly compares me to teenagers who hang out with their friends all the time?
How do you comfort someone who has tragic premonitions? I don't know what to say to them.
Does my friend have a serious argumentative personality?
How do I ask someone to find me a job in the UK?
If people never proactively talk to me and don't seem interested in doing so, why should I try to talk to people?
What should we do when our closest friends start ignoring us?
What is the best way to disagree with someone in a discussion?
Why do I find it hard to make friends among my peers (early 20s), but older people seem to think highly of me?
Why don't I have many lasting friendships?
What do you think of people that call you their friend but they always let you down, leave you alone, and befriend your enemy?
What do you do if people are talking down about you to others and are telling them to treat you accordingly?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
Is it possible to share the same thought with someone else you dont know?
How do I become friends with someone you only have lunch with?
Can someone who is awkward and shy as a teen become socially active and confident as an adult?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
Is it true that everyone is fighting a battle you don’t know much about?
What do you say to someone who moans constantly about various health issues?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
What does it mean when someone wants to "get to know you"?
If someone posted a cry for help, how would you respond?
How can I become better at socializing without feeling shy or nervous?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
Should we actively make friends with people in other countries? What are the benefits?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
What is a good conversation starter that is not too sappy?
Should I talk to my friend about mis-remembering our street fighter matches?
What has been your best response in a conversation when someone suddenly says something offensive, immoral, or terribly off-color?
What is the difference between adults making friends and children making friends?
Why do shy people always feel like someone else has to initiate the conversation, and never realize that they can be the person that initiates?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
Is it possible to tell if someone actually doesn't like you although they've been kind to you for so long?
Can friends of friends add you as a friend without agreeing to it?
How do I convince my friends that Quora isn't a dumb website?
How would one react if someone at an American legion told someone else that they didn't have any rights and to shut up and to deal with harassment?
Hey, do you tell your best friend absolutely everything?
Is it wrong to not talk to your abusive mother anymore?
Why would a male friend talk nonsense about me to another friend, and then lie about it when I confronted him?
What are the signs of a fake friend?
How shall we deal with online socializing?
How can I make friends and not be sad?
What is your random talk to a wise old person?
My history teacher called me quirky. What is the best way to respond?
Should I tell people that I never had a girlfriend?
Does it mean anything if my crush's friends are being extra nice to me?
How do I make friends at 20 in NYC?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How do you tell someone of your opinion without being rude?
What should I do after I messed up our friendship?
A guy that I liked a lot called me crazy, so I cut him off. He has since stalked my dating account and Instagram. What is he looking for?
How do Irish teenagers socialise?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
Why does my friend only choose friends who are superior than him?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
Why do I regret being social or talking to people after really enjoying our 'chats'?
I don't know any girls and basically all of my friends are online. How can I make friends / get into relationships in real life?
Why do people talk to strangers and can they trust them? Why can't we talk to them? What's all the answers for talking to a stranger?
Why does nobody want to be friends with me?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
What should I do if a girl is not responsive in a face to face conversation?
What do people lookout in true friends?
What does "someone's mess" mean?
What is the appropriate response to someone who is stressing over relationship problems?
How do I keep my friends from finding out I use Quora?
I ended the friendship with my best friend but now I regret it. What do I do?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
Can I leave my teenager to stay home and make them dinner before going out to party at night? They're more independent now and they will do their work.
What are some tips for becoming a closer friend with someone, or maybe becoming their best friend?
If someone has no friends, might they find it easier to get friends if they emigrate?
How do I improve my social skills, like with my tutor or my boss?
Why does my friend say my best friend is better than me?
What would you do, if you knew someone was talking behind your back?
How can I get people to open up to me more and establish more deep and meaningful connections?
What topics should I use while talking to my girlfriend​ who is a bit boring​?
I know my roommate talks about me behind my back because she always talks badly about other people to me. Should I confront her?
What did you do when you realize the conversation was not heading in your favor? How did you save the day?
How should I react when someone insult my religion?
What does it mean when someone advises you to be a bigger person?
How do I change my talking from an irresponsible manner to a professional one?
How do you tell a female stranger you just met that she has a single nose hair sticking out of her nostril?
I stopped talking to my best friend because I was jealous. How do I get over this? I'm so lonely.
Is it rude to pick your nose while someone is talking to you?
How should I develop social skills to talk to others?
What should I do if I don't want to hang out with my dad?
How do friends talk to each other and what do they talk about?
How do I tell people to stop helping me?
What do I do if no one in my school wants to have deep conversation on science?
How can I make conversation with my girlfriend when we are alone?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
How do you react when people cut you in lines?
I want to be gracious & kind. What is the best way to respond to an insult or backhanded compliment from a friend, family member, or acquaintance?
Why do we get nervous around people we like? Is it a good thing?
How can I understand a real female friend?
Where do you go to meet new people when travelling?
How do I become completely comfortable with who I am around people?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
When someone talks to you but is disturbing you, what is the most polite way to get them to stop?
How can I become brave and confident? I am always too shy to make me heard by others or share my ideas.
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
How can I politely tell someone I don't want to be friends with them? I’m afraid if I’m honest with him something bad will happen.
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
To know the motive (good/bad) what should be noticed first when we are talking with a stranger?
Why is my best friend ignoring me for no reason?
What is a strange way that you have become friends with someone?
What is the non-wordy polite way to say "dead friends" in a scholarly essay?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
Why am I not able to make friends? I know I am good at heart. I don't harm others. Still people don't like me much.
How does one avoid socializing in college?
I don't like going to parties but my friends have been forcing me to go for once. Should I go?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him, but have known him (texting) for over a year.
How can I impress other people?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What should I do when a large group of people are using intimidation tactics to isolate me, yet will not approach to make actual contact?
Why do I fear that I am talking to myself? Is anybody out there? It feels like I am talking to myself.
How do you ask something from a stranger?
What should a woman do with a creepy guy on a flight?
Why don't I like to be praised?
Why can two girls be close friends and not be called lesbians, but if two guys are close friends, they are called gay?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
What is the best way to avoid stress when you talk to crowd?
Is it normal that I feel weird when I talk in English/French?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
The more I get to know people, the more socially anxious I am around them. Why is that?
Is there a person you regret not talking to?
How can I have female friends in America?
How can I impress a Nepali girl who I know and have met but now only talk to through Messenger?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How can I stop being a needy person?
What is classy if you're a senior, but trashy if you're a youth?
Is it true that making friends wastes time?
How can I ask my classmate to stop talking to me during lessons?
Why is it so hard to find good friends?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
How will a narcissist react if I tell them that I (a former love interest) never want to talk to them ever again?
Why is it hard for people who suffer from autism to maintain eye contact?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What are the first few questions Malaysians ask someone they just met?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
Do you think that chatting is part of talking?
When your closest friend joins the underworld, are you bad for supporting it?
How do I make a person get bored so that they ultimately stop talking?
I want to make guy friends. How do I go about this?
I’m 13 and I have no friends. Will I forever be lonely?
How can I discourage an acquaintance who won’t stop texting me?
How do you praise another person's achievement which you find mediocre?
What will you do, if you find out that your best friend is gay (male or female)?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
What do you do when someone you really care about tells you never to speak to them again?
How do I make my employers comfortable if she feels shy to interact?
My friends are constantly making fun of me. How do I stop feeling frustrated?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
What does it mean if someone calls me wet?
How can I be good friends with a male?
What should I say when my girlfriend tells me that someone harassed her?
What can I do if my older brother behaves inappropriately with my female friends?
How do I initiate a conversation with a random girl?
How do I make close friends in highschool?
Why do I stop talking to people after sharing something really personal with them?
Is it rude to ask people why they are following me?
What is the best way to respond if someone scolds, humiliates, hurts, or insults you?
How do I end my dependency on my friends?
Do narcissists fish for compliments?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What would a conversation between Phoebe and Shelly from Undateable be like?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
What should I keep in mind when dealing with stereotypes?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Where's the best place to make new friends outside of school?
How do your friends react when you peer edit their work?
How can I be fun and interesting to hang out with?
How can I become friend of someone who hates me for no reason?
How do I introduce my friend to politics?
How can I stop being nervous in public?
What is it like "not" having a best friend or close friend?
How do I respond when people comment on my weight?
Is it normal to be sad when you see your friends make new friends?
How do I deal with a friend who doesn't consider me a friend?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
I can’t make friends because all of the other guys are jealous of me and friends at school have started to pick on me. How can I move on?
What is the polite way to tell my boss that he's terrible?
How do you choose between 2 options if either way you hurt your friends?
How can I make my mother understand that I don't care about "what will people think/say" or "log kya kahenge"?
Someone took something special from me and I tried getting it back, but they avoided my question. How should I confront them and how do I get it back?
How can I get rid of irritating people smartly without hurting their feelings?
Why is society so obsessed with me having a lot of friends?
How long should I wait to see if she initiates a conversation through text?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What does "how much money can you give in exchange for this kind of friendship?" mean?
What are some ways a person can become more social? I'm not shy, just very quiet. I keep to my small circle of friends, but would like to change that.
What is the best answer when a woman asks you or just says she believes she's fat?
How do I tell a girl that the photos on my Badoo profile are not mine, without rejection?
How do I avoid someone who goes to the same school as me and is cyberbullying me?
When is someone considered a friend?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
How do I apologize for something I did a thousand times?
Why do our facial expressions, gestures, posture and the like things not correlate with second learned language?
At which date should it stop being awkward?
What should I do about a friend who is so nice, she is annoying?
Why is Smalltalk programming still popular?
Even at the school level I have failed to make good friends. What am I doing wrong?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
What is the best gift for a highly intellectual doctor?
How should I go about reconnecting with family and friends, who I've purposely been avoiding?
What will you do if you come to know that your friends are jealous of you but you can't do anything because at that point they are only your groups?
How do I cheer up a friend who's had a rough meet?
What does it mean when someone doesn’t reply to your text but talks to you in person?
What makes you a bad friend?
Someone close to me asked me to hold onto some money for them. Is this okay? There are more details below.
What would someone sound like if they haven't ever talked?
What are some fun things to do with my best friends at school?
How do you win your wife’s trust back when she comes to know that you were talking to someone behind her back for a month?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you tell how long someone has been following someone on Instagram?
What is the best way that anyone has ever responded to the question "how are you"?
How do you respond to people who are uncomfortable with your success and who try to pull you down?
What does it mean if you don't matter to her?
Why don't I have friends to hang out with?
How do you warn your friends about the conseqeuneces of being a non-Muslim without sounding like a preacher or offending them?
Why can't I talk to my friend face to face when we are so comfortable talking over text?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do I handle someone who is a friend of my wife and is a pervert?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
How can I learn skills for telephonic conversations?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
Is someone more charismatic if they show power or warmth? What are the benefits and drawbacks of either (especially with influence and likability)?
Is it possible to get a friendship back after you two were once romantic and it ended badly?
How do I make deep connection with someone I just met or maybe a stranger?
What are classy girls like?
How can we impress a stranger at the first conversation?
How do I stop gaming and stop being socially excluded?
I think my friend is fake but we shared so many bonding moments and I don't know how to handle this. What can I do?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
After a big fight with my narcissistic friend, we have not talked for three months. Would she think I was pathetic if I made the first move to make up?
How should I react when people ask me about my scar?
How do you respond to someone who says Trump is firm?
I'm not happy when I am with my current friends. How do I make friends who correspond better with my mentality?
Is there anything wrong with going along to get along?
Why is it necessary to be social?
How can I make friends in Thailand?
Why don't I feel addicted to smoking?
How would you propose to your female best friend without breaking your friendship?
Can two people become friends even if they don't share similar hobbies or interests? How will their relationship look like?
How do I make friends in a different country?
Is it necessary to confront your best friend if you are gay?
Would you rather stay with a friend who doesn't care about you or have no friends instead?
Why do I have problem maintaining friendships for a long time?
Why is it that I want friends but I'm not interested in many people but when I do meet interesting people I'm insecure, overbearing & push them away?
Should someone study something that he likes or something that gets him employed with a good salary?
Why am I talking more? Why can't I control it?
How can a shy person overcome his shyness especially against pretty girls?
How can I stop running away when I'm talking to people?
How do I find a friend of my friend on WhatsApp?
What was it like to experience the millennium change from 1999 to 2000?
How can you stop girls from snatching your male friends?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
Why do people ignore me when I am trying to be nice?
How can I ensure that my best friend’s always with me?
Why do I become better at picking up signs that certain people don't want to associate with me?
What is an interesting conversation that you had with someone?
How do enemies become friends?
What is the best reply when someone says you are beautiful?
What does it mean when someone says you flirt like a nun?
Why do you keep injured people talking?
How do I know if somebody is eavesdropping on my conversations?
Do girls like me if I feel shy to talk with them?
A friend keeps spamming me on Skype by posting my username somewhere and random people call me, what is a website I can do the same to him?
Is it possible to go for 24 hours without offending someone?
How would a conversation between Veronika and Hannah go?
How do I tell my annoying friend how annoying she is?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
Why do American southerners like to talk about their faith when introducing themselves to strangers?
Did you pick your friend group strategically or did it just naturally form?
How do I apologize to someone after they found out I was talking behind their back?
How do I make friends and find a significant other while having no social skills and being gay?
How do I convince my boyfriend not to talk with a friend who I don’t like and to who he gives too much attention?
Why would my best friend be good friends with someone I despise greatly?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
Why do boys always do anonymous calls and talk rubbish to unknown girls?
How do I deal with a friend who’s a bully?
How can I ask my friends or classmates to help me meet women?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What if your crush is one of your friends, and you want to ask him out, but you don't want to ruin the friendship if he doesn't like you back?
Someone is spreading rumours about me and it is affecting my health and my studies. What should I do?
How can you tell when you like someone?
What's the best response on the road when someone flips you off?
People look at me like I'm strange, but I'm not. How can I break the ice and make friends?
Is it okay to tell people how much you earn when they ask or does it come off as bragging?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
What's an appropriate response when you introduce yourself to someone and after telling them where you live or where you're from they say "I'm sorry"?
Do girls share their numbers with strangers? If they want to meet new people, will they share about their personal lives?
How do I get more friends in and out of school?
In an argument, what do you tell someone who replies with "It's my opinion and I'm entitled to it!"?
How do you help out a stranger who you found out cuts?
What's the best way to ask someone if they still want to be with you?
What would you do if someone asked you, "So, what's next"?
How can I find out whether my friends are true or fake?
How do I convince a friend to start talking to girls?
How does it feels when a very close friend of you with whom you have build a strong friendship since years suddenly ditches you and you are all alone?
What are random questions to start a conversation?
How can you make situations where someone you don't know is walking towards you from a distance less awkward?
Why do we ignore someone?
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
What are all the things that you should and should not say to a woman and why?
What's the polite thing to say after someone coughs?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
How can you tell if a guy likes you, even though you don't talk?
What is the most telling thing about someone?
How many female friends do you have on your PS4 friends list?
What advice can psychopaths give on shyness and social awkwardness?
How should I deal with people, who ignore me whenever I have a better opinion or some logical thing to say? What is the best way to deal with it?
Should you tell the truth to someone you cheated on?
How can I stop being scared to go out and meet people?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
How do I make a friendship with loneliness?
What's the best way to turn a guy down?
How do I ask someone's phone number?
How can I keep from being so intensely aggravated by my coworkers with poor hygiene and no social skills?
Is it possible with someone to be socially awkward and have excellent social skills?
Why do my friends never give me details about when and where they are all hanging out?
Is it harder to do other things when you're talking to someone even when they’re simple?
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
How do you convince someone to start hanging out with you?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
How can I get the 1 lira that my friend owes me?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
What is the need to ask “How are you”? Why do we ask someone if we know that the other person will always say he/she is fine even if he/she is not?
How should I act around misogynistic friends?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Why is the girl who seemed to like me now ignoring me?
Is it true that two people with different mindsets make better friends, or is that only in the case of like-minded personalities?
When should we say please to someone?
What do you say to someone who caringly tells you, "You look tired”?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
Do introverts apologize?
Is there any way I can completely cut off the negative habits of myself?
Whenever I talk to someone they feel (or seem )unconscious, and that makes me sick. What do I do?
Are people who talk all the time about things such as "trust", "being honest", etc. the least likely to do those things?
How do you tell someone they are wrong without hurting them?
Would someone easily say: 'ermewerm…well… I KNOW' about the dipole repeller?
How do I become authoritative so that no one ignores me when I talk?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
How can we create chances for our kids to socialize with other people positively?
Is being loud and talkative bad?
Should I get into drama by defending my friend?
Why do someone stop replying after good going conversation?
What are some cute ideas to ask a friend to Homecoming?
What makes a person shy looking and aloof?
How can I make friends from my school?
A very good friend made me delete our entire chat history and it has left me very, very disillusioned. What should I do?
Has the new technology of social network and privacy issues ruined making more friends because people want virtual contact more?
What should I do when a group of people I’ve known for three to four years as roommates suddenly change and aren’t talking to and helping me?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
Why does my female friend act like a child around me?
How do I prevent others from talking about my private life?
Why does my female friend hug her other male friends more than me?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
How can I be kind to people without letting them degrade me?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How do I get people to do what I want?
Is it okay if someone calls you names when they are angry and apologize later?
One of my colleagues is playing office politics and has said to other colleagues not to talk to me. What steps I can take?
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
Can an introvert get some good friends in TCS?
How do I politely decline my oldest sister's wedding invitation?
How do I reply when someone tells me this, "You're just a pained idiot. A pierced human can & will neva represent Naija. Chew on that"?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do guys add you on Messenger but not initiate conversation?
What are some of the best washroom conversations?
How do I approach a stranger girl and talk to her?
Can someone figure out this riddle?
What is the friendliest town in Massachusetts for a new family looking for good schools and new friends for our children?
What are some fun stuff to do with your best friends at the park?
What is the best way of responding to someone who is really mean to you online?
What do you do when someone says "You are too young for me"?
Have you ever lost all of your best friends?
What do I do if my friend constantly yells at me and makes fat jokes about me?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How do I start a conversation with a woman on FB without seeming like a creeper?
What measures should I take while judging a person?
How healthy is it to close oneself off from others and go back to your "darker side”?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is it like to have great conversational skills? Is it an advantage?
How do I make my female friend, with whom I have sex, sleeping over at my parents house not awkward?
Should I introduce myself with my full name when talking to people?
There is this person who used to be our friend but we don't want to remain friends with her anymore. How should we handle her?
Why am I eager for attention yet when I get it I am shy and embarrassed?
How do I make more friends online? I don't have many friends and I suck at talking in chat rooms or finding people who have the same interests as me.
How do I search for a long lost friend?
Isn’t listening to other people’s phone conversations a grave crime?
What's more important, wearing fashionable clothes or wearing comfortable ones?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What should I do on a Sunday if all of my friends are busy?
Why do people respond with ‘wyd’?
If you meet an old friend after many days, and he/she says "hi" to you, how should you respond?
How do you maintain emotional stability when involved (friendship/romantically) with a borderline?
If someone speaks less in his society, does it mean he is rude?
Why do people stay in unhealthy friendships?
What are some good exit strategies when stuck in a conversation?
Where are some places in Atlanta that are great to meet women and make new friends?
How do people talk for hours?
Who has more friends than anyone else?
I'm a consistently awkward person, how can I develop more efficient social skills?
Is it unsafe to talk to strangers online?
How do you keep a conversation going and always have something to talk about?
How can you deal with social isolation in high school?
Can you tell if you are related to someone?
How do I make friends at college summer camps and how do I keep them to keep hanging out after camp is over? (I don't have friends at my school)
What are your best pro tips for first time parents that you won't find in any book?
I have no interaction skills. It's hard to make eye contact with people. What is wrong with me?
Why am I still looking for my friend?
How do you improve your listening and focus when someone is talking?
Will pushing away my friends and focusing on school help with my studies?
What are some profile clichés in online dating?
How can I get all my friends back?
What kind of people are best to surround yourself with?
What do I do if cool and sophisticated people usually don't like me?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
What is the best reply when someone says I am going to die?
Is there someone you don’t like?
What does it mean if someone says to you - you are the sole interpreter of my profound life?
What kind of education project that does not need to meet a lot of people?
Do you respond to all of the messages you get on Quora?
Should I consider doing modelling even if I am shy?
Why do Indians in the US rarely engage in deep philosophical conversation instead of petty small talk?
Do girls feel bored towards a guy who is a bit shy and avoids talking and interacting with girls?
What can I do on a free Saturday without friends?
How should I respond when my crush commented on my breasts?
What hobbies can I pursue in Bangalore that will guarantee that my social circle expands exponentially?
Once my script is complete, how do I practice speaking if I can't get a room where I can be alone and I am too shy to do so in front of others?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Is your mind going totally blank during a conversation a form of dissociation? As in suddenly having literally nothing to say, or any kind of thought.
Why do people think I fight when I talk to them and criticize my manners and ethics?
What's a polite way to ask someone to get to the point?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How can I help my child overcome his social awkwardness?
How do I deal with a psychopathic classmate?
How do I deal with missing friends?
Is it necessary to attend a corporate party, or is it better to enjoy quality time with your good friends?
What is an old friend?
What do you do when you have a friend that does everything for attention?
How can one mingle easily with his or her friends?
What can you do when you cheated on someone and they want you to talk to their mom in order to prove to them that you’ve changed?
What does it mean if someone is looking at their phone while you're trying to talk to them, but nod to what you're saying?
I cut off shitty friends. How do I make new, good ones that I actually get along with?
Why do so many people lack of tact?
What is the proper way to greet in Hindi?
If there was someone the opposite of you, what would he/she look like?
How do I talk to a girl without sounding like a creep?
Does anyone usually break awkward silences at parties by suddenly punching the wall repeatedly, yelling obscenities and slurs, and then defecating and throwing feces at the windows?
Why is it so hard to find friends who aren't fake?
Why would a girl be nervous around you but not others?
How can Asian countries get along with each other?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
What can I do if a person doesn't want to speak to me?
What does it mean, behaviorally, when someone asks you to "suck my ****"?
How do you strike up and keep up with an interesting conversation with a total stranger on social media?
How do I get a female roommate in Delhi?
How do you deal with a rude teacher in middle school?
How do you respond to people who say that you have many close friends?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What makes a best friend to be a better friend that is smart and trustful?
