Does Juno have a public API?
Do American companies and startups hire Europeans with Bachelor's degree in CS for software engineering jobs?
Why are there more layoffs in the software field?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
Has OMSCS helped anyone make a career change from "run of the mill" job of software development to areas like self-driven cars, AI, robotics etc?
What are the programmes offered for the VIT M.Tech software engineering integrated programme?
I graduated a year ago and currently working. I am interested in software development but want to brush up my skills. Can I apply for internship?
What is the salary for a software engineer in Bangalore?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
What is it like to work on Keurig's engineering team?
In order to become a great software developer, should I start with algorithms or should I go into programming first?
What is industrialization systems in terms of software domain?
How should a software developer plan his life after 40 years of age?
How would you build something like Github Gists?
How do I become a software engineering team lead fast?
Can network security engineers or network engineers earn 50 lpa after 5 years of their starting their careers as software engineers?
Is there a master’s degree in software testing?
Is full-stack developer just a fancy name for programmer?
Does the government hire software engineers?
Is it hard for a new CS grad with a good GPA and no internships to get a job? How about in Los Angeles?
Is it possible to re-start a career in IT at age 46? I have a MS in software engineering but worked in management and only have a year of coding.
What do CS engineers do?
Can a software licensor withdraw a lifetime licence? What happens to the licensee’s rights?
Is there an opening in Zaloni Guwahati for software testing?
What are the technical details that occur during software installation?
What is the best self learning path to going from noob to software engineer?
Is there any good Ophthal software?
Does BITS offer undergraduate software engineering (SWE) instead of CSE? I can't find details on the internet.
Where can I find lists of accessible software, e.g. Section 508, etc., preferably grouped by purpose?
Can a Google employee change his department from marketing to software? Are there any internal job postings?
How can I enhance my coding skill to be a software developer?
What will the future of the software testing industry be considering automation and cloud computing?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing. I am willing to migrate to Canada and switch to different domain such as banking. Is it possible?
What is the key thing to learn in social engineering?
When should one start the Firehose Project?
How can I apply to the Google company as a QA engineer?
Will Deep Algo allow non-coders to visualize complex code? Will such an innovation disrupt and greatly reduce the need for software developers?
How is good for mecanical engineer to work in porcurment?
Are there any software companies in Kerala?
What is the role of a tester and developer in the software industry?
What is better: technology developer or project owner?
Will the Indian software industry hire a 50-year-old software engineer if he happens to start his career at that time?
How would the future be for a tester in Salesforce?
Is there a practical way of using R which does not require installation of software on a personal computer?
What is the best career choice for a software developer having an MBA from a prestigious business school?
Is there any one who resigned from a software job without any valid reason and got a job again after a year gap?
What is software automation and how it can affect a hard core coder?
How much is a freelance mobile appliance tester paid?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
How do you reverse engineer an app/software?
Do you like fixing bugs?
How do I make a software for visualisation?
What is the interview process of RBS for the software engineer position for those who already have some experience in J2EE?
What is automation in software industry?
What is your advice for a software developer who learnt how to code and build projects, but did not build projects to get a job?
How do micro-services scale on the AWS Elasticbeanstalk platform?
What is Amazon Ireland's official or unofficial dress code? What is the rough criteria for evaluating a candidate for a software developer job?
What should I do to become a software tester or developer?
What is the CAD software that’s used by the automobile companies in Bangalore?
How can I move out of a consulting and management role in IT services to a software engineering role?
Are new TN visas still being issued for software engineers or is all that on a stand-still now?
Is a BSc is required to get a good job as a software developer?
How likely will it be in 4-6 years for a computer science major to get a job as a software engineer? How will the pay look?
What should I do to make a career in software development?
Is struggling with engineering problems (Computer Science, Maths, Physics) improves the brain (Critical thinking, problem solving abilities)?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
Why is it harder for a woman to land that software developer job?
What are the properties of offshore software development services?
What (formal) effort estimation techniques are commonly used in software development projects these days?
What are the ways for a science graduate with no IT background to pursue a career within the IT industry (especially software and app development) in Ontario?
Following the path of self-education in CS and being a JavaScript developer, when can I consider myself a software engineer?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
How do I decide the beam orientation in Patran software?
Will making my software free for non-commercial use diminish my chances of getting a company to acquire my company in future?
What problems can be solved with software solultions in the Philippines?
Why are most of the junior software developers pushed for more work for a little amount of money compared to other positions in the same industry?
How do I change the language of a software program?
What is fundamental engineer?
What will the effect on product-based software companies in India be if huge layoffs happen as described in some articles?
Who carried out the world's largest hacking attack on 12 May 2017?
Can I work at a place with a lot of engineers at the age of 15?
Which company should I join after 2.5 years of experience as a Mainframe developer, Deloitte or Broardrige Financial services?
Does software testing require any coding knowledge?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources by clicking a button in a software?
What should I do to get the most out of a web dev internship with a very low-quality code base? My boss does not want to do a major refactor and redesign.
What are some good books that explain software development process?
What is Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering (CPRE)? How it can help you as a software engineer?
What are the new skills/areas that are relevant for software developer and have scope in future considering the changing IT trend these days?
How would you redesign the world wide web protocol and formats?
Is there any software that can be useful for project planning?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Which software should you have to practice for CCNA?
What is the best technology/software to switch from ITIS (2-year exp.) to a developer role?
What should I do in my first 90 days at my new job as a software engineer?
Is it a good idea to use Java developers as testers for black-box testing of bugs/tasks?
What are the other jobs that software programmers can do if they lose their job due to recession or any other reason?
How do I find a junior backend position?
Which one is better, a site reliability engineer or a system architect in big data?
What is the cheapest software company you have ever seen?
What are some tips you would give your past self when you were just getting into software development?
How can you buy an old IBM software product?
Which university has the best master's degree in software engineering?
What is the cost of developing an intra website messaging function, like what you see on LinkedIn? Also, which software is used?
What are the characteristics of a software development company?
Does cloud computing really need a software developer to work?
As a self-employed software developer, how long did it take you to earn what you previously made in your day job?
Which is the best off-the-shelf community software?
How does one go about translating a real-world idea for an application to a design of RESTful API for it?
Which is a better company amongst 'ThoughtWorks', 'Qualys', 'SAS', 'NetCracker' to join as a software engineer?
Is there a tool that lets you mirror a git repository into Google Cloud Storage?
Is knowledge of designing softwares necessary for doing MS in motorsports?
What is the role of software engineers in CPEC?
Do software developers copy code from their colleagues?
Which start-ups are hiring software engineers on F1 student visas in the San Francisco Bay area?
What are other career choices for a Software Engineer on H1B visa?
What are the properties of software development outsourcing?
Can I become a software engineer by choosing electronics?
What level of IB subjects (and what subjects) should I take to pursue software engineering in College?
Which are the countries that offer low-cost software development in Southeast Asia?
What is the fastest way to get a list of Twitter user ID's that are active in a past year, i.e. 2015 or is it even possible?
Should I call myself a developer since I started it 1 year ago?
How can a software developer get a product management job at Facebook, Google etc.?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
What percentage of software engineers do large tech companies employ?
Is there a software application for solving propositional logic problems?
What is meant by software and hardware?
Where is Uber’s software development centre in Bangalore?
What do you like about the Product Engineering role at Quora?
What's the best industrial development product?
What should I do if my part time job affects my studies?
What are the software a biomedical engineer should learn?
What solutions does a software development company provide?
Which career is better salary-wise, a software developer or CCIE security?
Is there a good software engineer who doesn't know Java?
What are the key considerations of software development outsourcing?
Of all the things that your solution will do, what should you be developing on your own?
What qualification is required for a software tester in Dubai?
Is software testing dead?
What are some good project ideas for a software development project for the last year?
What is the salary for a senior software engineer in PwC Australia?
As an undergraduate petroleum engineering student what type of software do I need to know?
Can I pursue an MS in MIS if I have a bachelor's in science and a software engineering certificate (3-year course) from NIIT?
How can a software restrict your computer from accessing other things?
If any company is looking for online exam software. What are the parameters they should look for?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
What course should be done to enter into a good manager/admin role in IT, without being technical or a developer (coding or language)?
What is the field of maths most required during software/game development?
Our software development company in the US, with around 60 people, is looking for a performance management system. What are some good online software options?
After finishing my first year of computer science, what group projects can I contribute to and where?
Which company is the best for a software developer engineer?
What is “modeling”, and what is its importance in software development?
How do I get a job in two days at a software company with no experience? I completed graduation in 2011.
What is the best way to obtain a value on jet aircraft parts? Is there software for this, or is it best to just get on the horn and call around?
What is the salary breakdown (base + RSU + bonus) of a software engineer with a master’s degree and 3 years of work experience in 2017 in the Bay Area?
What are the steps that I should take in order to become an engineer’s apprentice with no experience?
What are some cool applications/software you should know?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a network engineer?
What are the other options for BtecIT other than software companies?
How many people working in Amdocs would refer a fresher software engineer if I ask for reference here on Quora?
Where can I get the HN-NonLin V1.1 software? It is a free software program, but I am not able to find it.
Are software developers proud of the software that they have done after the submission of the projects?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
When does Accenture start their campus drive for associate software engineers from the current batch that is passing out?
Are the electrical engineers get job in software companies?
What are the features of software engineering?
Why should I study science math to become a software engineer?
Is there any way to conduct performance analysis on software systems before implementation?
Will focusing on Android development during college help me get placed in most companies coming for placement drive?
What is the way to get in to the top USA based software companies while working from India?
What group can I take for going in software field?
What is the code base for Facebook?
What are my prospects if I undertake software engineering as a career?
Are applications and software both the same?
In the IT industry, which sector has more scope, web designing or software development?
I'm searching for software developer job and failing consistently from 4 months, how can I land into software developer job?
How do I move from a systems admin profile to software development?
Will people lose their jobs in IT companies due to automation in software?
What are some examples of software products that lost market share when the need was addressed further up the stack (i.e. in the OS, for example)?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Cape Town (Milnerton)?
How is the software engineering branch in SRM KTR?
What are the characteristics of software development outsourcing?
Why do software engineers need to know algorithms?
What are the best resources on the topic of website performance optimization?
Will AI eventually cannibalize the software industry?
What is the best software for a domain shop?
How can I determine which career- data science, data analysis, or software development- would be the best fit for my personality?
What are your experiences with outsourcing software development, is it cost-effective?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Teradata ?
How can I get a job at an American software company from Nigeria?
Is it possible to find a degreed software developer in Sandton, Johannesburg?
What is the salary package of an IT software engineer after 6 years?
I want to join Brainware Computers for a PG course in software engineering. Will it be a good decision?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What are some of the Google's top open source​ projects​ where we can contribute​?
What are some companies in India that pay a good package to embedded software developer freshers?
What is the process to get into any PSU as a software engineer having 3+ years of experience?
Is 12th needed for software engineering jobs?
As a software developer, how much of your day would you say is spent productively?
Do you know of any software company that does scientific computing in India?
How many days does a software work?
How does a software development CA enhance a business?
NVIDIA CEO, Jensen Huang said: "Software Is eating the world, but AI Is going to eat software.” Should we think of this as a platform change?
How do I prepare for a senior application developer interview at Thoughtworks?
What kind of tool would increase the communication in software development?
Can you tell me how to make any software learn start?
I'm a software engineer in the Bay Area. What is the best way to find mentorship?
It has been in the news that IT jobs are being cut down. I have taken software engineering. What should I do?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays?
I am looking for a real life example of DevOps? What shall I be doing as a DevOps engineer at my desk?
If actuaries have to be lifelong learners, what is it that they're learning? Do they learn at the same pace as software developers?
I have been programming for 2 months & have a highly experienced software engineer willing to mentor me regularly. How can I best utilize their help?
How can I find a paid internship in the USA? I am currently pursuing an MS in software engineering in Germany.
Which should I choose for ECE - software or core?
What kind of problems do AI solve today and what will be the role of software engineer in an AI based software world?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
How can I earn more than 20 lpa as a college dropout and self-taught software engineer in India?
I am a fresher who is working on a software company for 3 months and I don't think I'll get enough exposure here what should I do?
What are the tips to choose software development company?
What are some cool things software engineers do to their homes?
What does killing net neutrality mean in regards to job security for those employed as software/web developers?
How would software developers like to find their next jobs?
What are some crucial concepts to learn before the call letter to a software job arrives?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
How can I earn 10-15L rupees per month as a software engineer?
How can an experienced software professional use his skills to contribute to society in India?
Has anyone ever applied to a software engineer role in person?
What does it mean to "stand up" a server?
Can I get a master’s degree in computer science after a bachelor’s degree in software engineering?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
How do I start over as a software engineer?
How do I a get promine software for education purpose?
Which software testing institute is best at Hyderabad and also providing placements?
Can I work independently after becoming a software developer?
How much money do the best software engineers on Wall Street make?
Is this the right time to switch jobs in the software industry?
Till which age, generally, do software developers code in India and the USA?
Which is better, software engineering at Google in the US or being an IAS officer in India?
Why did software companies cut jobs in India?
Is it true that only software engineers with algorithms and data structures earn way more than other domains?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
How was Diane Hartley’s career effected by her contribution to NYC’s safety?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
What are the opportunities for a software developer with design and animation skills?
Can anybody be a software developer with coding knowledge?
Can you help me answer this interview question- “How will you hire 50 software engineers in 6 months?”
Where should utility/helper functions be placed in an Angular2 app?
What skills should a software developer acquire in order to avoid getting laid off?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
When should LinkedList be used over arrays?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
What are the key considerations before selecting a software development company?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
How is the scope, salary-wise, for a software tester in the fund accounting domain (IT industry)?
What is the best software for developing games?
What are the similarities between hardware and software, and what are the differences?
What are the best software used for developing hyper redundant robots with multiple degrees of freedom?
What else can be done when you have been to a software training institute?
What is some software that’s related to civil engineering?
Being a software release engineer, what are the skills required to equip myself for future growth?
How is it to work in Mahindra Comviva in the post of software engineer-IV?
How can I join ISRO? I am a software performance tester but I want to serve the nation within satellite technology.
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
What should be the RAM for engineering to run software like SolidWorks?
At what stage are a sequence diagram, a use-case diagram, and a data flow diagram made in the software engineering process?
Is a first over a 2:1 in Computer Science worth the effort?
What are the responsibilities of a software project manager?
Which tech companies are middle to lower-middle class-focused?
How do I change careers from the QE department to software development?
Is there any Flowchart software for Linux recommended?
Is it a wise choice for a manual tester to take up a production support job?
Is having a meal twice daily good for software engineers?
How does QA help you to release your software faster?
What should a software engineer learn to be at the managing level?
Apart from Crossover, can somebody give a list of similar companies that offer remote jobs for software engineers?
Which is the best site for learning software testing?
How can I change my career from project management to software engineering for embedded systems?
What is the average salary of a software development manager at Amazon in Seattle?
What is the significance of gPROMS software?
Is there any paid software than can track inventory for resources allocated for a project to different sites rather than for sales?
Why is there a need for software development outsourcing?
Which field is better, networking or software?
What is the best way to find a mentor/partner to learn software development? Is there a platform/community for it?
What are the development tools for multi-touch presentation walls?
What is the importance of back end systems?
What advice do you think is important for software designers in 2017?
What's the toughest challenge for a Product Manager developing software products?
Why do software professionals lose interest in their careers when they hit their 40′s?
Is the warranty voided if we choose the developer option?
Why don't the 150 countries and the owners of 300,000 machines put a stop to hackers requiring ransom payments, by buying security software that works?
How did you get into game development? What advice would you give to a newbie who wants to transition from writing software to developing games?
Which is a better, a master’s in software engineering or a master’s in MIS?
Is it true that nearly one lakh software engineers have been laid off by companies? Will this affect employment opportunities in the next two years?
Does Google provide jobs only for software engineers?
Is it good for a software developer to take up the position of product support engineer in India?
If I sincerely want to be a web developer, where do I start?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
Do operations research analysts program daily? Are they lifelong learners like software applications developers?
With the same experience, who will get paid more, a software engineer, a security researcher, or a data scientist?
Is a specialisation in HCI a good option for a software engineer?
What skills would justify a promotion from mid- to senior-level for a DevOps engineer?
What are some good Canadian carrier related online discussion forums to join, for the software engineering field, as a professional?
What exactly happens to software when someone cracks or patches it?
Is startup acquisition a long-term and better subfield in the software industry than software development is?
Other than calculus, what fundamental math topics should a software engineer know?
What is digital repository software?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
Should I accept an offer for a full-time job from Yelp or Amazon as a Software Developer?
What group should I take on the 11th to become a software engineer?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
Does Amazon use Minitab software?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
Why does Snapchat pay its new grad software engineers more than Google or Facebook?
Do software development contractors need an ABN in Australia?
How can I become a smartphone designer in companies (I mean the design not software design)?
Which software is used for modeling a building?
What are the checkpoints before selecting software development outsourcing?
Which is the best MBA option for 3 years experienced software engineer?
What is the best course to do for a software engineer in IT?
What is a good software engineer’s, e.g working at Google, etc. usual net worth by the age of 55?
What software/tools do you recommend for non-software Product Management?
What OS is suitable for a freshmen software developer?
What is the ideal way to import data in a software?
Why doesn't an audio player have any trouble when playing audio directly from an interleaved video file?
How much do Indian software testing engineers get paid onsite in the US?
To what extent do software engineers need to understand computer and electrical hardware?
What does it mean for a software to be all about abstractions?
What will be the effect on product based software companies in India if huge lay-offs happen, as described in some articles?
Which is the most useful and common software in Canada?
How can I become an ESL teacher from a software engineer?
Which software companies do not care about academic records?
What is the difference between software testing and software inspection?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
Do developers who are good at algorithms and DS earn more?
Which one is easy, software engineering or engineering?
How can we survive in software testing in today's IT industry, because most of the software testing employees are fired?
Which is the best software for making FPS?
Has anyone graduated with a second bachelor’s degree in software development and security from UMUC? What are some tips on how to ace each subject?
How do Indonesian software (web/mobile) agencies develop software? What current frameworks, tools, etc. do they use?
What will the best project topic be on software that I can use to make attractive and useful software?
How do I get a software idea developed if I am not a developer?
Is it better to study hardware or software?
What is the role of a software associate engineer in Capgemini for RDBMS?
I want to be a software developer, should I start with CS50 or a coding bootcamp?
How do I sustain a software job in automation and digital?
Is there a rule of thumb to estimate the calculations your software will require to let you decide if you need a supercomputer or not before coding?
How can one become well versed with software like FactStage?
How can a software developer join the cybersecurity field as a developer?
As a software engineer, what are your tips for effective time management?
What are the different phases of the Unified software Development Process?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
Which courses should I opt in my college? I want to become a software/game developer.
What happens when you are placed in cognizant as a software developer?
Why was Wintel software created?
What are some simple software products you know?
Is Sundar Pichai a software engineer or a software developer?
What are the best sources to keep updated about software engineer news?
What are some idea for a SMART system for a senior college project?
How many types of agile software testing are there?
How do I become a successful software developer if I don't like programming?
Is Oracle CPQ a good or bankable skill to learn and make a career in the current IT market for a software engineer?
How hard is it to be recruited by Rakuten, Japan as a software tester working in India for the past 6+ years?
Are there any guys who have a great physique and are working at Google as a software developer?
Why do software engineers/developers insist on working extra hours with no additional pay?
Which offer should I accept - a product support engineer at Sprinklr, or a software engineer at Continental R&D?
Why is AUTOSAR good for suppliers that supply both hardware and software together?
Is software engineering a meritocratic field?
How would you describe the life cycle of software and how development is done to a non-technical person?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
Which degree is most suitable between a Bachelor’s of CIS and a B.Sc IT majoring in CS & Physics if I desire to be a software engineer in the business world?
Does test-driven development slow down software development?
What country gives the highest salary for software engineering?
How does Google Polymer compare to React?
How can I find a software architect in Zurich?
Is there any scope for a piping isometric drawing software developer?
How do you use math as a software engineer?
Is UMT, Lahore, best for software engineering?
Can a QA engineer with 1+ year of experience in the software industry go into the hardware industry?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
What are the top free tools for software testers?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
Does Yammer hire entry level software engineers?
What are some good career related, online discussion forums to join for the software engineering field, as a professional?
What skills nowadays are required for being a software engineer?
Will AMCAT exam help to find a software engineer job in this present situation?
How did you learn the last/current software product in your project?
What do you think of Aress Software?
Can I become self taught software engineer?
How can I get into Google as a software developer?
Can you work in a software company after doing a non-software btech like mechanical or EEE and an MBA?
If one wants to become a computer developer, what are the steps to get there (from a young age like 12)?
Is there a company to certify software architecture?
Since in India everyone is crazy about CSE, how does one know if it’s his passion or if he is just following the herd?
What is effort in software engineering?
What is the difference between software development and web development?
Does Cognizant allow a 2-year gap in engineering for a software developer?
What is the difference between normalization and joins?
Why do Google software engineers look like God compared to normal developers?
Is it true that software engineers can only work until the age of 35/40 because they then get fired by their companies?
What are the things I should know in Python in order to work in Google as a Python software engineer?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
How do I get into MS in CS at IIITH after 2 years of experience in software at MNC?
How do I analyze semi-rigid joints in a beam-to-beam connection using ETABS?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a QA in software testing/development?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays in Canada?
What factors should we consider before selecting a software development company?
How come applications like WhatsApp and Telegram don't run out of online storage with their huge amounts of traffic daily?
Should I choose the computer science field, the data science field, or both?
Is it a good move to join from Cisco (automation tool development) to Nokia Networks (as a solution architect)?
How do you learn math for software engineering?
Are there any options for work from home for a software tester in India?
How is Cassandra used in building reactive streams systems?
Which is the best chemical engg. software that has a good future scope?
How does one get into a career of software security?
What is the software engineer job market like in Portland, OR?
Which is the better field for an engineer, finance or software?
Is it wise for a software engineer working in a top tier product company (Amazon, Google or Microsoft) to go for an MBA at one of the top IIMs, FMS, or XLRI?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
I have just passed my MBBS. I'm doing good in this field. But I'm very much attracted toward physics stuff. What should I do?
Can a pregnant woman change jobs easily in the software industry?
What are the pros and cons of becoming a college dropout from a non-CS branch to learn with passion as a self-taught software engineer?
Do star sports require software engineers?
What set up do you use as a software developer?
What are the new skills/areas worth learning for a .NET software developer, that has a scope for the future?
What is the present situation of a software industry? Do Trump’s decisions affect Indian software industries?
How does software development life in Sweden compare to the USA?
What is the qualification for software engineer?
How good is Wintel software?
How can someone who is not from the IT field become a software test engineer?
What is the best/most effective outreach a corporate recruiter has approached mid level to sr. Java software engineers in the NYC area with?
Which design software is best for an environmental engineer?
What are the possibilities for an MTech post graduate from electrical engineering to start a career in software testing if their age is 28 years old?
How can I change my career from mechanical engineering to embedded software engineering?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
Why, in a DC machine, is a field testing method called field testing?
Is direct addressing mode better than indirect addressing mode?
What are the characteristics of software testing services?
Is a bachelor in division software engineering department of innovative information and technology the same with a bachelor in software engineering?
What is the maximum salary of Google India software developer from fresher to 10 years of experience?
How can I build a 3D video streaming app for Android?
Is it a good idea to move away from the California Bay Area to live in London if I work in the software industry?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
How can I join the SAIT division? I am currently placed as software engineer in SRI, Bangalore starting in July.
I suddenly hate programming but I can't get any job other than software development, what should I do?
What are the prerequisites to become a software tester?
Which blogs should I follow on Medium as a software engineer?
How can I become more confident as an independent software developer?
How can I meet an Indian software developer?
What tech companies pay for employees’ part-time master’s?
I feel like I should go for Data Science and sometimes for software engineering as I love data structure and algorithms. What should I choose?
What software or process do you use to validate online a new branch location?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
How can I follow software engineers on Quora?
What is it like working as a software engineering VP at JP Morgan, Bangalore?
Which IT software companies in the Noida region are open to career opportunities from the summer to autumn season of 2017?
Bloomberg or Google NYC: which is the better place for a software engineer to work in NYC?
How can I write effective code?
Why are software developers more brilliant than testers?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
Can a self taught excellent (who can prove he's better than others in coding & did many projects) college dropout software engineer get a job in India?
Would getting a System Administrator job in college help me land a Software Engineering role afterwards?
What are the qualification required for fresher to get a software?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
How are joins supported by SQL but not in NoSQL databases?
What are some smart goals for a module quality software engineer?
What are the government exams/jobs available for software engineers?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
Do Indian software companies also work with Russian clients?
What companies in India offer software engineering jobs that involve traveling abroad?
How are the job openings in the software field for F1 students nowadays?
I have experience in SQL database technical support. I want to switch my profile to software testing. What should I do?
What does an ideal day look like for a trainee software engineer in a small company?
Should I go with computer science as many software engineers are being fired from companies recently?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing and now I want to move into data science and do an MS in it. How can I go about this?
What new software is needed for the Indian market?
How can I crack the licence of Redmirchi software?
What can I do to improve my work life? I’ve been a software developer for over 6 years in the Bay Area. I have completed my master’s in CS.
Can I apply for internships based on my studies at the Harvard Extension School (graduate certificate in software engineering)?
How is the Rajesh Patkar Institute of Software Engineering in Mumbai?
What are some other jobs that software programmers can do if he/she loses his/her job due to recession or any unavoidable circumstances?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
Is software engineering dying? Should it be called IT engineering?
Can I do software engineering after 12th commerce with computer science?
Can an electrical engineer survive in the software industry without knowing C and data structures properly?
How is software all about abstractions?
What are the properties of software testing services?
What are the steps for managing a remote team for software development?
What's the opportunity for placement in a software company for a mechanical engineer bachelor with knowledge of C and C++?
What is it like to write software, actual real software, in real time?
What are the important things that a software engineer need to do daily to improve them technically?
Why software industry going down?
Can I develop an Android application like the Matrix Lab software with the same features?
Who replaced CMMI for the development of quality systems for software development companies?
What is the best software for knowing the world?
How can I improve my focus, become less lazy and more organized?
Why does Google restrict access to software developing docs, services, etc., for Iranian programmers while Microsoft doesn't?
Which is the best software for a beginner to learn for entering into the VFX industry?
How can one learn software engineering from knowing nothing to being a pro online?
How was Systems Tool Kit developed?
What percentage of software engineers (with at least 5 years of experience) in the Bay Area in CA require visa sponsorships or H1B transfers?
What are the best techniques ever used in industry for software testing?
What are some of the countries with the weakest software development skills?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
How can I leverage my natural aptitude for teaching and tutoring as a software engineer?
How much do the people running their own small software companies in India make?
How can I know if I'm ready for a software engineering position?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
How can some programmers read the code and fix problems very easily in a big software stack, like a networking protocol stack?
What kind of interview will it be in Cornerstone OnDemand for a senior software engineer from Bangalore?
How does one keep in touch with research while working as a software developer in the industry?
How is working as software developer with Morgan Stanley as contractor a safe career?
What is the impact of “DevOps” on QA?
What is the usual total compensation per year for a software engineer to work at Google, in Silicon Valley, and on Wall Street?
What are the processes VAPT testing companies follow?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
What is the difference between a FP precision implementation in Hardware vs software?
What could convince me to go for software and systems engineering rather than electronics engineering for a master’s study?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Which is the best software company in Coimbatore to go for an internship?
Does software engineers make a lot of money compared to other jobs like doctors, attorneys, and bank investments?
How do I add a software license to a file?
Which company is a better career progression and more satisfying job for a software graduate in the UK: Morgan Stanley or a small-medium software company?
How is SLK software for freshers?
What is the role of quality engineer and software engineer in terms of software quality engineering?
Is there any way to stay calm and focused while working with some ugly and stupid people in the software industry?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
Is there software where we can give the name of the products with its rate and its ease of use?
Do software developers often take long leave to learn new technical skills?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
Is there any way to search text within screenshots?
How do I spend my time while looking for software development job?
What is the most complex software you have built?
What approach (CMMI, ISO 9001, TickIT, 6Sigma) should I choose as software development quality framework?
What are the placements like for an integrated MTech in software engineering at VIT?
How does Microsoft train newly hired CS graduates for their development projects?
How bad are the worst software engineers at top companies like Google and Facebook?
What work do software engineer, analyst, and tester do in companies like Capgemini, Cognizant, Infosys?
Does software engineering include all of web, desktop, and mobile applications development?
How does a senior software engineer with Java background get a job in Tower Research Capital?
What should I expect from a company as a junior developer out of college?
Why do loan offering guys always ask If I am working in the software industry? How does it make a difference to them?
Why does Juval Lowy think microservices will be the biggest flop in software?
Which one should I choose, a football player contract for Real Madrid team A or a software engineer offer from Google?
What are the benefits of using a tailoring software?
Why is my external hard disk not loading?
What is UML its tools and types?
When should a software engineer switch jobs?
What is the software industry like in Pakistan? How is Pakistan doing in this field, compared to India?
Are software engineers paid higher, on average, than any other technical field?
What is the profile of software engineers in Silicon Valley who got a minimum of $50k USD as sign-on bonuses (since 2012)?
What is the difference between the Indian development model and the western development model?
What do you look for in a PMS software if you rent apartments, villas, rooms, etc.? What does the software need to have, and what can you live without?
Is it worth it for an IT fresher to join RAPS iTECH, Chandigarh for the post of Associate software engineer?
Do software engineers ever regret their profession?
What options for self development (MBA/Diploma) does a software engineer with 5 years experience have in Pune?
Is it easy to change jobs from being an IT consultant to being a software developer?
What is the starting salary for a software engineer at Google?
How do I move out of software engineering to a product/business/strategy role?
Are microservices the best option to avoid technical debt?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
Can a software engineer become an international tour guide?
What is scope of CodeIgniter in the software industry?
Is it better to become a software developer now or in the future?
Does a computer engineering major have the necessary education to work as a software developer?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
If I move to New Zealand will it be easy to find a job in software development?
Is it good to join BMC Software, Pune as a product developer (R&D) with 4 years of experience?
How can a software engineer tap into AI/DL sector?
How can I learn embedded software?
Being an introvert, can one be successful in the software industry?
What are the most important software and programmes for a civil planning engineer?
How much information do you divulge when trying to find people to work on a software or new cloud product with worrying someone may steal it from you?
What IQ do you need to have to work for a big tech company as a software developer?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
How can the absence of good software engineering practice affect software product development?
What is meant by stub testing?
How does one show leadership on a software team?
Is the Google Summer of Code really worth it? Is it over-hyped?
What is the ZoomRX interview process for a software development engineer?
Which are the top province in Canada for software testing jobs?
How can I get a job at a Canadian software company from Nigeria?
Can an electrical engineering student survive in software industry without knowing all CSE subject?
Is there any API to get a list of all software companies?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
If an application uses NLP to analyze user text, and then to return images accordingly, would this use of NLP fall into the AI category?
How do I improve in software development if I'm very good in competitive programming?
Which language should I learn to speak as a software engineer which would be an advantage for me in the future?
What rank in the JEE Mains should you have for going into software engineering?
Can I study CS while majoring in something else and still have software developing skills?
What are the trends in software development outsourcing?
For engineers who left their job to pursue an MBA, how is life after an MBA?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
Are tech networking meetups a good place to get connected to entry-level jobs?
Why most programmers prefer Mac rather they can get better performance by paying less ?
How can I switch careers from BPO to a software developer or programmer?
Have you ever seen someone change from a weak software developer to a Google level software developer in only 1 year?
What are the basic requirements of a multi school software solution?
What are the common things that excellent engineers do every day?
How many types of software are there?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer? And what is the growth for the QA role?
What are the top richest software companies of 2017?
Which one is good to join, Infosys or CGI? Both are offering kind of the same packages for senior software engineers.
What is the nature of the work of embedded systems software engineers?
What is the expected salary for an ASP.NET MVC software engineer with 1 year of experience in Chennai and Bangalore?
How do I start my carrier as software developer?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
What is future of a non-technical manager in an IT company? Is there a slow death of people managers in IT?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
I have an accounting background. Should I change to QA tester for the ease to work from home? I am a mother of two and had a two year hiatus.
Are web developers software engineers?
What is the difference between internships and new grad position in Software Engineering?
Should I continue my software engineer job in the IT field in India in 2017?
Would it be a problem if I spend a whole night to learn new stuff and work on software projects instead of taking care of my 2 month old daughter?
What if the software developer plans to join a government job? Is this a good idea or just a bad one.
How can I start a career as a software engineer when I have no degree and experience in this field?
How do I save a range after docking with Hex 8 software?
What new innovations should mechanical engineering software definitely have?
As a software developer, is it ok to feel exhausted and tired of learning new technical skills?
Can you become a software engineer through computer science?
Are we living in a golden age for software engineer compensation?
Why is software complex to build?
Is it worth leaving law school for a degree in software development?
Which is a better job, an IBPS/SBI PO or a software engineer in TCS?
How can I get a job developing vehicle software?
What do people prefer to buy: a 'device' (i.e. smartphone/software embedded hardware) or a pure software product (say an operating system)?
How many hours in average do software engineers, Developers, or coders code in a day? Do developers code 8 hours every day?
In software shops, what tough questions did you face when working with clients, and how did you respond?
How do I get an internship in Sokrati as a software development engineer?
How can an on-the-spot slow thinker (when speaking in person/voice communication) become a manager or a lead software engineer?
Is doing a software course from Jetking worth it?
Will software engineers on SQL exist in the future?
What are the best locations for me to advance as a software developer? How about emerging places?
I got a job as a software tester but didn't negotiate my salary. 4 months in and it's really difficult for me. When/How should I renegotiate?
What resume format should a fresher use for being a software engineer?
Should I major in computer science, cyber security or software engineering?
Why would you want to make unsafe calls in Kotlin?
How do you could teach an engineer to use a software easily through training?
Where do you start in building a software dev. company?
How can I switch from a career in software engineering to the cyber security field?
Have you ever been rejected for a software engineer role even though you have a good portfolio?
How are employment opportunities in Halifax, particularly for IT manual testers?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources just by clicking a submit button in a software?
What are the different cognitive styles best suited for software engineering vs. data science?
Is it normal for a licensor to request for inspection of source code?
What is the math that I need to know as a software engineer?
What reverse engineering tools do we have to apply on big code bases to know what they are doing in as much detail as possible?
Is teaching software programming a conflict of interest for software engineers?
What does it look like working in a trading firm (like SIG) as a software engineer?
How hard is it to reach six digit income in software industries as a fresher?
What is involved in a software developer aptitude test?
When a developer deploys a code into a server, then how does the tester test it?
Who should you pay more, the back end engineer who creates web APIs or the engineer who architects and develops the front end?
What are some very old software you still use?
How do I utilize my time during my job as a software developer? As I am distract from my aim.
What are the main differences among computer engineering, IT and software engineering?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be unemployed for a long time?
Just got a new laptop, what software should I install for web development?
What's the difference between a DevOps engineer and a back-end developer? If so, what are their roles and what should one have studied?
If a software developer didn't meet the deadline how should a good manager respond? Does pushing developer to work For long hours a right thing to do?
How do programmers without a basic IT education flourish in the world of software?
Does the government hire software engineers?
What is your view on the use of remote teams on software development (offshore/nearshore sourcing)?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
What should programmers know about Azure to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
What opportunities will Google's new OS, Fuchsia, bring for mobile app developers?
How can I increase my package from 4.2 LPA to the range of 10-15 LPA, without learning data structure and algorithms?
Is becoming a BI developer/engineer a lucrative career move?
Can I become a software devoloper and a web developer?
Is there a practical way of using R which does not require installation of software on a personal computer?
Which are the software industries in Bangladesh that mostly work with Javascipt technologies?
How do I integrate WebRTC with VR?
What is the hiring process like for software engineers in Nepalese tech companies?
How can I develop employee management software using VB.NET 10 and MS Access 2007?
Is it worth it to switch to Salesforce development after 8 years and 6 months of experience in software testing/test automation/QA?
Why is there a need for software testing services?
How do I develop an interest in coding and developing without getting bored?
What are the programming software an ECE engineer should learn in order to get a good package?
What should programmers know about Kubernetes to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
What are important theories a good software engineer better learn?
In the USA, how much does a software engineer make from working for a tech startup?
Will making my software free for non-commercial use diminish my chances of getting a company to acquire my company in future?
What if I don't update my mobile software regularly?
What's the difference between a developer, programmer, and software engineer?
How are software and hardware implemented in educational institutions?
If I am using a one year renewal licensed software to develop a software product, should I capitalize or expense the license?
Who carried out the world's largest hacking attack on 12 May 2017?
How many consultancies are there in Bangalore for software?
​What does Alan Cooper think of the Agile development process?
Can I get software engineering in the SRM main campus with a rank of 31k?
Where can we get the best quality QA test cases?
What requirements are available in the SRS document?
Is it too old to become a software tester at 35 years old?
Which course can I choose for my master’s if I have a Bachelor's in Engineering (automobile) and worked as a software developer?
What qualities do I need to call myself a software developer?
What are some good video tutorials on design patterns in C++, Java and Python?
Which software should you have to practice for CCNA?
How can I be a senior software engineer in Google?
What skills are expected from a software engineering manager with field experience of 20 years?
What are the academic qualifications required to become a software engineer at Google or Microsoft?
What are the most innovative open source software projects related to cybersecurity?
What are some good tricks to identify dead code?
Is a computer science degree that’s based heavily on theory valuable for someone who wants to become a software developer/engineer?
What are the other ways to start a company other than software related?
Would you say programming is easier in modern times?
How do large organizations like Google and Microsoft structure their software development teams, given that they have multiple products?
Which field has more growth: digital marketing or software development?
Can I get a software developer in Hyderabad with a zeal to do big without asking for money immediately?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Germany?
How do I find a good software development company?
How is the scope of firmware programming compared to application programming in software industry?
What work does the Hewlett-Packard software company do in Chennai?
What are some of the best ways a software engineer can prepare self for a new Entrepreneurial role?
How can I create a combination algorithm software?
What is the best software to design a watch from scratch?
If you were given a year to build any software system you want, what would you build?
What is the dress code of engineers in various software companies?
Currently I am working as Qa engineer but I want to change my career and be a software developer.How should I proceed to achieve this?
Is it possible to survive in software industry without passion to learn new technology?
What does it mean to have experience with a Linux operating system in the job requirements for a software engineering position?
Why do many engineers switch out of engineering after a few years?
How many lines of code are in .NET Core?
What are the proxy software tools?
Is the best path to becoming a data scientist to focus on becoming a software engineer first (for someone with no statistics or programming background)?
How do you approach upper level management if you have developed a piece of software for your company?
What is a good, complete book on software engineering?
Does a degree or experience talk better in software engineering, as well as to be a part of reputed companies?
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
I have an offer from Tesla. What should I expect after I join as a software engineer, in terms of ramp-up time, layoffs, etc., and how is the work culture?
How relevant are programming languages for me if I don't want to be a coder or a software developer? I am a business student.
Which operating system is best for SolidWorks software?
When testing your code, have you ever encountered a bug that wasn't your fault?
What are my options in Switzerland as a software engineer?
How do I design a product catalog for a software company?
What would be an equivalent salary in Vancouver for a software consulting manager who is making $130k in Minneapolis?
What is field testing?
What is the difference between an application developer and a software dev? Is it possible for an application​ developer to work at a product-based company?
As a trainee QA engineer, should I learn Python or Java? Which will be more useful for my QA career?
What kind of job should a software engineer do after 45?
What is the difference between regression, sanity and smoke testing?
Is it a good idea to switch from engineer development to engineer QA after having 4+ years of experience in development?
Which software is important for an architecture student?
When does Accenture start their campus drive for associate software engineers from the current batch that is passing out?
Why does FIXME do our code in comments? Does it encourage programmers to do more comments in their code?
Is the kernel system software or application software?
Which report writing software does your company use?
Which company will be better to join as a software engineer - Intuit or GE Digitals?
How do I better design a software system architecture?
Is a software developer job the right choice?
Why do we disproportionately compensate software developers, when high-level language coding is no more special or rare than design or research?
Can software engineers change from developing to the testing domain? If so, which testing tool is good to learn in the present era?
Which of the following are available in an SRS document?
Is it a good idea to transition from a software engineer to an insurance agent?
How does an automation test engineer in IT (software) earn more than a manual test engineer in the same field?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
What does it take to study Computer Science at MIT?
Which are the software testing tools institutes use in Pune?
What are the differences between software engineering and ICT? I am interested in computers but can't decide what to get involved in.
How do I move from a software quality engineer profile to software pre sales?
Can I do a computer science/software engineering project related to migraines somehow?
Is anyone looking for software testing?
Are the courses and job opportunities offered by SJSU's MS software engineering special session (off campus) similar to the on-campus MS SE?
Which courses are helpful in software development?
Where is a good place to search or post jobs for software engineers?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
In a subscription software company, what are the best practices and in-between alternatives to handling prospective customers’ perpetual license demands?
Does the position of "software engineer" include too much coding and development, or is it all about analyzing the apps’ requirements and structure?
Do AI consultants themselves implement the software/code in businesses or is this done by specific AI software developers?
What are some alternative career paths for mid-level software employees, specifically in India?
What are the advantages of software development company?
If there is no software information can I still use StartApp?
How do I clear the HSBC recruitment process for a trainee software engineer?
Can I become a software engineer by studying physics in a university?
What are the best-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
How do software companies in the medical industry support their customers when seeing the data on a user's screen would be a violation of HIPAA?
What algorithms and data structures are included for software students?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
What are the different software pricing models?
How can I earn 10-15L rupees per month as a software engineer?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
What happens to old QA engineers?
What does it mean to "stand up" a server?
How is ASU’s MS program for software engineering?
What is the salary of a management trainee intern after absorption in the software company Epsilon?
How can a jack-of-no-trades full-stack/front-end engineer find another job?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
How do I become a smart software engineer if I am currently a stupid one?
If I apply to a tech company in another state, what's the interview process?
What should be the strategy to develop a software?
As a software engineer, how often are you promoted?
What is the annual cost to study software engineering?
What if Oracle software acquired Yahoo! or Opera software?
What is Argus software used for?
What is the difference between computer software systems and theoretical computer science and data banking?
I’m a software developer who has jumped companies almost every year. How do I make my career path in the future?
How can we avoid losing our jobs to artificial intelligence?
How is it to work in Mahindra Comviva in the post of software engineer-IV?
Is it possible to get a license as a software engineer with a BTech in electrical?
What topics should I be prepared for in a software development engineer interview after working for 1-1.5 years?
Do software engineers have a great future?
Am I a software engineer if I know how to use AppInventor to build apps?
Why is a medial test required in software companies?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
What is the best way to find good software testing services?
Which technology is best for an experienced software engineer (SQL) to study and switch to, "Salesforce," "big data" or "cloud computing"?
Which platform is better for a software engineer between Java and PHP to create the best market for himself?
What are my chances of finding a part-time programming job while getting a master's?
What Microsoft (MCSE or MCSD) is needed to apply for ACS if a candidate with a science educational background is working as a software engineer (testing)?
What do all computer engineers, IT engineers and software engineers think of EVM tampering?
Which software developers do I know to trust with my legally unprotected idea?
Which is Zuckerberg’s software for kids to learn coding?
Which software is best for testing the efficiency of a building?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Australia?
In Java, why does @Override fail for static methods?
How is the career growth in Zenoti Hyderabad for a software developer (fresher)?
What software skills are in demand in Canada?
Why is it important to invest in software testing services?
What are some workflows for test-driven development of RESTful API server apps?
What is the highest paying software development role in India?
What branch should I take in engineering if I don't want to do desk job? I’d rather invent new designs, software, etc.
Is it possible to assess the quality of software if the customer keeps changing the functional requirements?
What are the most well-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
What do you need to know/do in order to stand out as a software engineer?
Do software engineers in SDIM (System Delivery and Incident Management) get paid more than developers do?
How do I scroll ViewPager when placed in a NestedScrollView in an Android activity?
Which subjects do I need to master if I want to join Google for the role of software engineer?
Can a data scientist at Amazon refer for a software engineering position?
What will be the software companies’ prospects in the coming years?
How do you set up Mac administrator and user/developer accounts?
I'm an architectural technologist looking to go into the field of software engineering. Which software packages should I prepare to learn?
What should programmers know about AWS to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
In the software industry, how important is the role of a technical product manager? Is this role still relevant and does it have scope?
If I am interested in software which program should I accept, CE at Waterloo, CS at Waterloo or software engineering at Mcgill and why?
What kind of software applications should I develop in advanced Java to get a job in Amazon?
What will the best project topic be on software that I can use to make attractive and useful software?
What can a software developer do?
I have a software idea to make healthcare clinics better. Where should I start?
As a year 9 13-year-old and interested in computers and technology, what should I focus on?
Which companies host hackathons or other software engineering events?
Did you ever meet a software engineer from your company who inspired others to be successful in the IT field?
Which DevOps tool is best for the future?
What language should I first learn for software development? How should I carry on from there?
Where can I find a full-time testing job or testing tutoring from home? I am a software tester with around 7 years of experience.
Which platform is better for a career, software testing or SAP BW?
After passing the 10 class, how much time does it take to be a software engineer?
Is screen capture editing a good idea for a final-year software engineering project?
Do software developers need a solid aerospace background in order to work at SpaceX?
What kind of skills are required for manual testing, and what are the role and responsibilities of a software tester?
How is the MS research course in CS/software engineering at IIIT Bangalore?
I want to be a software engineer in a year; how can one start with his own course?
What are some simple software products you know?
Which book is best to learn design patterns, Head First Design Patterns or Gang of Four?
I want to create a REST API and use it for my mobile application (retrieving simple data). What language and framework would be the best choice?
How do I get a software developer job in Korea?
What's the hardest part of successfully automating a system?
Which intel development board is the best equivalent to a Raspberry Pi 3 Model?
Which is the youngest big technology giant software company in Silicon Valley?
What are some of the costs incurred when developing software?
What is the role of a software developer in Infosys? Do they really develop or just copy-paste from Google?
What are some of the best practices for setting up the scope of work and contracts when hiring developers overseas?
As a student without experience, but with the knowledge in software development, how can I start a huge software development project?
What sort of software-related jobs are being performed at Magic, Inc. Philippines?
What is the difference between computer engineering, software engineering and IT engineering?
Are software developers going to lose jobs in the industrial revolution 4.0?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
What are the benefits of a software development company?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
Why does Python cover so many software development areas?
What potential ethical issues do software manufacturers face in making trade-offs between project schedules, project costs, and software quality?
What is the future scope of software development?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
If you are a software engineer and you are willing to move anywhere in the world to start a family, where would you go?
How can I estimate the population of software developers in a country?
What are some online databases for a React application?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
What is the difference between computer engineering, system engineering and software engineering?
As a software engineer, should I focus on getting a multitechnology, jack-of-all-trades kind of experience or master one technology experience?
By 2023, will software engineering be a good career for making money?
How's the job outlook for new software engineers in 5 to 10 years?
Alan Kay, could you give an example of when software development has driven hardware development?
Is there anyone familiar with Life Cycle Assessment software such as GREET?
I'm working as a software engineer in an organization. I always wanted to be a pilot. Is it possible for me to switch my career?
Are there a lot of software/web developer jobs for junior devs that aren't posted on the usual job boards? Is there kind of a shadow, personal network thing?
What is the difference between a software developer and a software programmer? Which job is the best one to get?
Are there any projects to make a non-toy grade block programming language like Scratch?
What is chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What type of glass do they use on the exterior of a smartphone camera?
How does a tester work?
Will getting a certificate in computer science help me land a job as a web developer and/or as a software engineer?
Does there exist a software that will block out certain programs I specify until a certain time of day?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
What would the feature of software testing?
Is it possible to switch internally in Samsung R&D, from a white box tester to a software developer profile?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
How is the future in Laravel for a software engineer?
Should I appear for IELTS again, or try for an Australian 189 visa?
Which well-renowned software was developed in C#?
To what extent does solving problems in competitive programming look like solving real life problems in software engineering and development position?
Can a manual tester become an AWS architect?
What can I do to become a software engineer? At the present time, I am in the 12th class and my subjects are science and maths.
How can one supplement their income while working in Accenture India as a software engineer?
What are some good software companies in Bangladesh with a good work environment and a decent salary?
As a career, which platform is best: SAP BW or software testing?
How difficult will it be to modify and use Uber software stack for asteriod mining?
How do I learn software development skills if I am from an IT support background and currently working as a DevOps engineer?
What is the best optimal path for Switching Career to from software developer to Data scientist?
Does a software engineer become a sadist after marriage?
What should software developers do when they are getting old?
How do I start up a software company and how do I get projects?
Are there relatively few software positions at SpaceX?
What are the biggest demands in the Silicon Valley job market of software engineers?
Would you hire a Free Code Camp camper?
What are your recommendations on how to onboard DevOps engineers?
At the age of 40, can I get a software job?
What is Ransomware software and who develops them?
How do I hide my bias better when it comes to my ideas/work over others?
What are the best agile software development firms in London?
Alan Kay, how have engineers you respect implemented your advice to build their own hardware and software?
How is data stored and retrieved on a disk?
Where can I get a clone of Zarfund with the source code?
Do software engineers or doctors have a higher net worth?
What are the key consideration before choosing offshore software development services?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be suddenly fired?
For an aspiring software developer without a CS degree, what certifications will look good on my resume?
Why is there a need for a software development company?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
Is PMI-ACP certification useful outside software development? Are Agile methods useful for, let's say, manufacturing or services?
Can I use InterviewBit as a fresher to prepare for software development roles? If so, what do I need to do to get referred?
What is system software along with an example that can help users?
Is heightism prevalent in the software industry? (I’m 5.4" here.)
What is salary for software engineer at Deerwalk Nepal?
Is any software engineer working in a completely different industry, and if so, why?
Is web development driving out software development?
What is AN Software?
Can you explain "A unit test that touches the file system is not a unit test"?
Is it advisable to join SPJIMR Mumbai (marketing) if one is already earning 9+ LPA (software engineer)? My specialization preference is marketing only.
What are new software technologies in 2017?
Should a data scientist be able to produce software?
What other software packages can be connected within the EMR system?
I work as a S/W intern and am interested in S/W development. I have an operations engineer offer but I am also in talks with tier 1 S/W companies. What should I do?
What is the meaning of top up license?
How are the job openings in the software field for F1 students nowadays?
How can I block the content from certain websites so that my elderly mother does not continue to get scammed? I prefer software for PC.
Which one should I pursue at the university, software engineering or agriculture?
Can I use my experience as a software engineer to be admitted into Stanford?
Can a mathematician work as a software developer?
How do I learn "database principles and applications"? Is this course good for a software engineering major student?
Where do I study for software engineering in India?
Is there a way to connect stripe to intercom?
Which content should be included in a software-testing portfolio?
Is the process of interviews for a software engineer and a research scientist the same at Google aka Alphabet?
What are some of the interesting topics in the research field of computer science for a student taking his master’s degree to choose from?
What job should I choose during hard times for software and IT?
If I have no relevant degree and no prior experience, what are good certifications to break into web/software development with?
Which are the other softwares like anthroplus?
Which colleges are good for an MSc in software engineering (five-year integrated course) in Tamil Nadu?
Which tool category provides the benefit of covering the entire software development life cycle?
With the increase in automation, is the need for developers decreasing? Should I choose my career in software development or data science?
What project or company uses the waterfall model?
Should I choose software engineering or computer science?
Is it true that most people working in core companies (electrical, mechanical or electronics) switch to software companies to settle their life?
How do I become Java developer from a manual tester?
What is the usual total compensation per year for a software engineer to work at Google, in Silicon Valley, and on Wall Street?
Do doctors get more net worth than software engineers at the end if they start working as soon as they finished their degrees?
What software does one need to code?
Has anyone working in software/IT moved from Bangalore to Delhi/NCR? What was your experience?
Which are the universities in Germany which teach (undergraduate) software engineering in English and how do I apply for that?
Which job/role within a company contracts a software development vendor?
Who is a senior software engineer? At what point do you know you are a senior software engineer? Are there really any checklists?
Does software engineers make a lot of money compared to other jobs like doctors, attorneys, and bank investments?
Should I quit my job as a software engineer now?
Recently, I joined a software firm with a healthy salary and benefits, but I now don't feel comfortable there. Should I quit or try to continue?
I work as a developer in an IT company. I don't have any backup if I lose my job. What should I do?
Can we copy any paid software?
Are enterprise customers willing to pay for SaaS software, reducing the time spent on meetings in large organizations ?
Which is the best field for an engineer to switch to from software testing, besides development?
I have just cleared my class 12 and have joined a good college with CSE. How should I improve my programming (or technical) skills?
What is Digital Notice Board software?
MS in Computer Science (specialization: Data Analytics) in University of Houston or MS in software Engineering in SJSU?
When software engineers leave big technology giants in the USA like Google, MS, Amazon, and Apple, do those companies give an employment experience certificate?
How easy is it to get PR in Canada for a software developer having 3 years of experience?
Why do companies require high-quality software in business systems, industrial process control systems, and consumer products?
Should I become a software engineer or not?
Are software engineers paid higher, on average, than any other technical field?
What should travel agencies do in order to stay ahead of the competition?
Is it harder to become a doctor that earns 300K or a software engineers that earns 300K, considering I am equally good at both fields?
What is the best vendor rating software?
How much will competitive programming benefit my software engineering career?
What makes podcast software Engineering Daily so successful with ads in your view?
Which concepts of maths are required to be mastered to be a better software professional?
What's the difference between a support engineer and DevOps engineering roles at Amazon?
What does the software engineering and development market need nowadays according to databases knowledge and skills, and how to learn this fast?
Is pair programming useful for software startups?
Will there be too many software engineers?
Do software developers at their mid 20s need to worry about ageism in Silicon Valley when they are getting old?
Is it worth it to go to Austria from India, on a red-white-red visa? I have 2 years of experience as a software developer.
What is the salary of a senior software developer in Credit Suisse in Raleigh?
How have the traditional Marxist ideas of 'property owners' and 'workers' changed with the advent of business software?
What kind of development takes place in the zygote in organisms with a diplonitic and a haplo-diplonitic life cycle?
Which company provides the good educational software?
Which cost should I keep an eye on in order to keep the overall cost of software development down and why?
What is the difference between a systems engineer, an informatics engineer and a computer engineer?
How do I become a software engineer with a civil engineering degree?
When is the best time to apply for a job at Google India for the position of software engineer?
Where can I find out more about Access, the Office software?
What is the marketing technology stack for your IT software company?
What was a starting software engineer’s salary for each year, from 2000 to 2017, in India?
How do I generate reports using a school system software?
Which is the best institute to learn software testing in NCR?
Can I get software job in Russia?
What software development processes are used in a university laboratory that is a small group?
How good would you have to be to get paid $3 million a year as a software engineer?
If data scientist is my first job, does that make it harder to get a job in software engineering in the future?
Is it possible for a civil graduate having 2 years experience as a software engineer at Oracle to get good universities for MS abroad?
What is the industry standard ratio for internal tools developers to product developers in a tech organization?
I have completed B.Com with 48% marks. Now what should I do next to get a high paying job?
Could you become a software engineer with a BS in Mathematics?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
What is a better option to choose - software testing engineer or networking analyst to pursue as a career?
How do I switch professions from being a software engineer to being a full-time stock investor?
How many years should we have to work to get a good salary in the software field?
What might be the first salary of a software engineer?
Which certification should I go for? I graduated in CS, having 2.7 years of work experience, plus a diploma in software engineering.
Which planets are responsible for good software engineers, in astrology?
Which career option has better future - Android applicant development or C++ coding and software development?
Is it common to provide briefing documents to junior software developers for a task? If so, what would you include in a typical one?
How do I find out what software companies use?
Why should we study physics and chemistry to become a software engineer?
How hard is it to grow into a developer role from another department?
What is a daily routine that can help me be fit, healthy, smart and wealthy? I am a 26-year-old male software engineer working 9 to 6.
How do I manage the coding/development of my idea?
What is your opinion on working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
How is Quora useful to software engineers?
What is the role of an RPA developer in a company?
Can a software developer in India move to tech sales and have a successful career? (I have 3 years of experience in development.) Are there any suggestions for doing this?
What is a target-action method?
What is your experience working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
Should software be designed to fit the business requirements or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software?
Which career would pay me more, assuming I went to an IIT: robotics, software, or physics?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
Which country should one choose in order to do a bachelor’s in software engineering, and at which university?
Is Unix (or Linux) the most permanent thing in software?
What are some good software product prototyping tools?
Where do I learn software architect course in India?
Is it good to learn workflow/BPM tools for a developer/coder with 5+ years of experience?
What is an effective way of sourcing for engineering equipment?
How can augmented reality be useful in the travel industry?
When planning a software project schedule, how much time should I reserve for writing tests?
What is the best software for watch designing?
Which tests should I take to get a full funded scholarship from the US in software engineering? What volunteer works should I do? I am from Afghanistan.
Should I accept an offer for a full-time job from Yelp or Amazon as a Software Developer?
What is the hierarchy of the documents which get created in software or apps and website development projects? Name and describe those documents.
Does Vi have a help command?
Can a software developer with an experience of 1 year get a job in marketing?
How many software professionals (developers, architects, project managers) are there in Dubai and in other GCC countries?
How can I become a Visual designer in a software company?
What do software engineers in India do to supplement their income?
Why am I not able to learn software technologies?
Which career path is best for a software engineer who is not passionate about architecting technical projects, but who wants to grow?
Are software developers the miners/workers of the 21st century?
I want to become a software developer. What languages should I learn first?
In software development, who is the person that goes out and gets the requirements for a project?
What are examples of manufacturing engineering software?
What are the different business that are linked with the stock market (e.g. brokerage firms, mutual funds, etc.)?
What is the best software to make a Toon movie?
How do I implement progressive image loading?
If you are a software developer in your mid 20s, are you afraid of getting old and losing your job?
What are all options of career growth available for software test engineers?
Are there any good books or resources for learning about Agile from a service perspective vs. a software development perspective?
I am working as a software engineer. I want to crack SBI IT officer exam. Should I go with the preparation along with job or just focus on my job?
Why can't I attend experience interviews as a software engineer?
What are the advantages of software development outsourcing?
Recently at my company, we've turned more to outsource companies for development. I am a new developer, how can I build my skills in this environment?
What should be the salary of an ASP.NET software developer with 4 years of experience?
How can I customize Soft Tech V6?
What are the do's and don’ts for startups in the software field?
Do “senior developer” and “good developer” mean the same thing?
Can software engineers change from developing to the testing domain? If so, which testing tool is good to learn in the present era?
What is green software engineering?
What are some techniques for testing and debugging data-handling applications?
How would you guess whether an application is more CPU or GPU heavy?
How do I change jobs, from a software engineer to a flight attendant?
Why should we use software configuration management?
Can I expect a software engineering seat in SRM University’s main campus with a rank of 38604, since last year's closing rank for software engineering was 40k (in the main campus)?
What is it like to transition from a product engineer to an infrastructure engineer?
How should I do in college to be a good software engineer?
Is it possible to accept a pull request into a new branch?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
What is your view on the use of remote teams on software development (offshore/nearshore sourcing)?
What companies in Davis are hiring software engineers?
Is it possible to earn around 50 lakh per annum at Google India, after about 3 years of software development experience?
Is our boring future going to be moving from software development to tools configuration in big companies with big projects?
Is anyone looking for software testing?
Can anyone give me the software, FUN3D Version 13.x ,which is created by NASA?
What is a good score in the NTS GAT with a 2.9 CGPA? I need a scholarship for a master’s in software engineering.
How do I find a software engineer job in Ecuador?
What features do build servers need to support building infrastructure, on top of continuous integration of building software?
Which intel development board is the best equivalent to a Raspberry Pi 3 Model?
How is manufacturing engineering software made for such an specific industry?
What are the must have skills for a programmer in 2017?
When should dev teams start investing in speed?
When developing for the global environment, should software be designed to fit the business requirements, or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software? Why?
Are QA roles considered inferior to other roles in IT because it's just about evaluating other's work?
What are the best courses related to databases that a software engineer should do?
In software which language is preferred to learn?
What should I major in, computer science (software engineering specialization) or (software engineering)?
What was your first week like at your first software engineering job?
Is it good to switch to hardware engineering from software engineering with 3 years of experience? If so, what company placements and career growth can I expect?
What is the best option after completing a bachelor’s in software engineering?
Should I buy a MacBook or a Windows laptop as an intermediate software developer?
Is reusability in software development a joke?
What is the best way (step-by-step) to become a software engineer in a short amount of time?
If software development is hard, why is it hard?
What should be the salary for a software developer (ASP.NET) with 4 years’ experience in Ahmedabad?
How can I become a software architect at Google or Facebook?
Can a polycystic and diabetic woman work as software engineer?
What is the difference between CSE, IT and software engineering at SRM in terms of placement, coding environment, etc.? Which campus should I choose?
What are the benefits of a software development company?
Is Moody’s Analytics (Copal Amba) Bangalore a good company to work for as a software developer?
Is there more competition in the software engineering or statistics fields?
How do I launch software product as a teen?
How many modules should I develop for my hospital management application software?
Do you know all the aspects of software outsourcing development overseas yet?
How does Airbnb's Airflow compare to Spotify’s Luigi?
What are the seminal papers in software engineering that everyone interested in the area must read?
Why did you choose software testing as a career?
Is it true that software development is a dead end job after 30 and most software developers can only start their own companies?
What is the average salary of a software developer with 5-10 years of experience in Brisbane, Australia?
What is the difference in IT engineering, telecom engineering, software engineering and computer engineering?
How can I get job offerings from big companies with a good salary since I am working as a software tester?
As a fresher, what kind of growth can I expect in the software field?
Why should I choose software testing in place of electrical testing?
What types of projects can a freelancer software developer develop?
What plays the role of interface between software and hardware?
In what kind of software development does IQ have the least impact?
What was the first application software?
What is the hiring process like for software engineers in Nepalese tech companies?
What kind of non-social technical jobs require less regular reading than software development and pay decently?
Would working as a software engineer help me in MBA?
Which industry is least likely to lay software engineer employees off in an economic downturn - consumer electronics, devices, or financial services?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
How important is the time of year you apply for entry-level software engineering jobs?
Is it more beneficial to be a mechanical engineer who knows code or a software engineer who wants to dabble in mechanics?
I have been in the USA as a Dot Net programmer for 4 years. The pay is quite a bit less in the market when compared to other programming languages. What are some suggestions for me?
Is interning or working at Uber very beneficial for your future software engineering career?
Why do engineering titles such as "Senior" or "Principal" exist at software companies?
If I have a software or service developed for hospitals, what are the best possible methods for promoting it with lesser investment but high outreach?
Can a BCA holder become a great software developer?
How do I search for an internship/job opportunity available in the US for structural engineers? How do I understand the firm's software requirements?
Is software engineering a good choice in VIT? How is it different from CASE or IT?
How can a software engineer manage his salary, if he gets 6 LPA in Pune?
Will studying IT help you get a job at a high-tech software company (including the gaming industry)?
How long, on average, does it take to be intellectually comfortable/competent as a software developer?
This is an era of computer, social networking and modern tools utilization, a part from the softwares how can we (civil engineers) be at par with this?
A famous computer scientist observed that stable hardware fosters innovative software, while stable software fosters innovative hardware. Who wrote that and where? (Could it be Knuth, Lampson, or Thacker?)
Should I expect a lot of stress if I switch to a software developer job from EE?
How hard is it to get the job in TCS US as a software engineer?
Are there any projects to make a non-toy grade block programming language like Scratch?
Is it legal for an Indian company to sell software to a company in Pakistan?
How do I analyse a building with lead rubber bearing in ETABS?
Is a 6 lakh per annum CTC good enough for a web developer with five years of experience to live in Mumbai?
Is it possible to run a software company alone?
What should we do to get a software job?
What can be done to meet a development deadline without adding additional developers?
What skills are required to be a good/great software engineer?
Which will be better, CDac or software testing coaching for job purposes, for the M.ECE 2015 batch?
As a product manager, what are other software development methods besides Agile that are still relevant in the workforce?
What are some common applications for software distribution files?
What do people at Apple think about Microsoft?
What computer skills does one learn under a digital humanities course?
Why are software company managers sadistic?
Do you need to be proficient in higher level mathematics to become a senior software engineer?
Why do Nigerian tech entrepreneurs not care much about writing detailed software architecture designs of their solutions prior to building their startup?
How many hours do working professionals aspiring for the CAT manage to sleep? If they sleep less, how do they manage to work productively at the office the next day?
Should I study hardware or software from Canada?
What are the design bugs in software?
Why there are no positions for manual QA engineers any more?
How should a software engineer invest 40K savings?
​What does Alan Cooper think of the Agile development process?
What topics do I need to be perfect for getting a job as an entry level software developer or Java developer?
What is the quality of most of the software engineers in India?
What are the best system software books?
How can I become a kernel overlord?
How does one transition to the business side, after spending 20 years as a software engineer?
What is the most successful software with the fewest lines of code and what does it do?
What are your thoughts on Free Code Camp?
How can we avoid losing our jobs to artificial intelligence?
Once I learn to code, will I be able to start a small freelance or software company over time?
How can I find out my chances of getting accepted into Penn State World Campus’ software engineering program?
Should I list "customer support agent" in my CV for a software engineer job?
Quincy Larson: what's one book you recommend to fill the gap between CS and coding bootcamps?
What is the best software for end-to-end automation (for big companies)?
How good is career as a software engineer in Business Analytics?
What is the best option after Civil Engineering if you are not placed from college?
Can a manual tester become an AWS architect?
Is it appropriate to bob your head in the rythm of music at work as a software developer?
How can one supplement their income while working in Accenture India as a software engineer?
How do I select the right software testing company?
Should I leave my developer job that mostly consists of maintaining and fixing very ugly code written by absolute beginners? More in details.
How do you ensure distributed services/systems processing of a single request completes?
How could a startup make channel partners in the software industry?
Which software companies in India offer compensation to study along with doing the job?
How good would you have to be to get paid $3 million a year as a software engineer?
How do you handle push requests of feature branches based on other feature branches?
What are my chances of getting admitted into Saarland University?
Besides software development, what reasonably paid lines of work rely on a lot of self-taught individuals?
Will machine learning/AI slow the demand for software developers?
What is the best software company in Indore?
Why do titles such as "senior software engineer" or "principal engineer" exist at software companies?
What do you think about engineering and life as an engineer?
What is the best optimal path for Switching Career to from software developer to Data scientist?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with a rank of 20k?
Which of the largest technology companies do not require code interviewing when recruiting new developers?
What is the use of the codes the one software engineers write? Explain in layman’s language.
What is a good Windows laptop to get as a software engineer?
Is there a UML model that shows the technology ecosystem in one diagram?
How do project managers control the scope of software development projects?
Will JavaScript ever get useful binary operators for objects?
What’s the difference between hardware and software implementations (ex: floating point)? Doesn’t the software eventually convert to hardware?
I am working as a software developer for 1 year but I am more interested in functional career rather than technical. What should I do?
How can I move from RBEI to Bosch Software Innovation?
What is the best way to find good software testing services?
Is it easy to get a job as a software engineer in Saudi Arabia?
Why do big software companies (like Microsoft or Adobe) force my native language installing software, not giving me the chance to select English?
Which is the best software company in Hubli?
Which Math applications do software programmers confront daily in their jobs?
Are algorithms and data structures what make a software developer good?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Germany?
How often do you find yourself ignoring functionality confirmation, when developing software?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
What is the application for a waterfall model?
Which is good to immigrate to for a software engineer from India, Canada or Australia?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
Is there any chance a software engineer can serve Indian army?
Does the stock exchange in India provide a platform for software developers?
How do I partner with a company to use their software/products in a niche market that I have found?
What are the 7 wastes of software development?
Why is it essential to have the services of a software testing company?
Should I pursue an MS in computer science after having 6 years of experience as a software engineer?
Who is an ideal demographic client for a software development company?
How do I develop IT for the automation of SME purchasing?
What's better to pursue, a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or software engineering?
What are the prerequisites for automotive software engineering?
How many employees will I need to start a software company/firm?
Is there free software similar to Teleport by Abyssoft?
What are the Microsoft sites used by software developers?
What do software engineers do for Amazon?
What are the designations available in Bank of America Continuum? In how many years can a person become a senior software engineer?
I am a software developer at Amazon. I have a start-up idea. How can I proceed forward for funding, team building, and other stuff?
Which angular version is used in software companies in India?
Is it common to provide briefing documents to junior software developers for a task? If so, what would you include in a typical one?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Australia?
What are the best practices for business verification in Agile software development, especially Kanban?
How much detail about projects at my current company can I include in my resume?
Is it true that computer programming is 99% self-taught?
Is it worth to get a Master’s degree in software engineering from Kennesaw State University?
What is the most needed software technology in software companies in Hyderabad among Java, Android and Ruby on Rails?
How is the Edulastic software used?
What is the real meaning of 'technical debt' in Agile processes?
What are the historical landmarks in the development of software systems worldwide?
Should I take an IT intern role if I want to do software engineering?
Should I move from Singapore to Germany as a software engineer?
How can I find a developer job with a non-CS degree in India?
I want to start my startup for software development, Where can I get projects (except freelancing websites)?
What are the steps that will be done after the completion of writing the Java code in software industries?
Going to work as a first time entry level web-developer (front-end) that collaborates with the back-end team. How do I know I am ready for this job?
In Scratch, how do I make a script/block that will create a variable or a list?
Recently, we launched a software online inventory system at www.darulsoftwares.com. How can we sell this software?
How soon will AI and ML make software developers obsolete?
What are the things that a developer likes to see in a project/issue management app?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
What tech companies have the strongest engineering team?
What does the average network engineer know that the average software engineer does not know about computer systems?
What happens when a push request is submitted after conflicting commits have been accepted to the source project?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their knowledge?
What type of programming does a tester need to do and which programming languages are needed to be a good tester besides the testing tools?
What are the services a software testing company offers?
What tools do I need to build a REST API?
How can I apply design patterns to the real scenario?
How do we get to know during software design that the hardware (Intel Edison) has enough computational​ power to run the software?
What are some signs that someone should consider PM instead of classic engineering?
What is the future scope of being a software engineer in the IT sector?
Can a software developer in India add a previous unpaid internship to their current experience while applying for jobs in Naukri? Is it legal?
How can I integrate my Windows software with my CNC software?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their skills/knowledge in their domain?
What are the top MNCs for a performance tester/engineer?
Is FreeCodeCamp only for yet-to-be-developers?
Is there any dream company for civil engineers like Google for software people?
How do I implement feature matching in MATLAB?
How do I get a girlfriend, being a software developer?
Where can I find exclusivity agreement sample for a software company?
Is 5 years a reasonable amount of time to try to become an engineer?
What are the requirements for switching jobs for one with a 2-year experience in software testing (manual)?
What is the perfect lifestyle of a software professional?
What is a possible PhD research topic/problem in the software engineering process (focus on Agile philosophy and on SCRUM specifically)?
What are some examples of a subcutaneous test in software development?
How can software packages be acquired?
What things do I need to take care of while picking a software testing company?
Which is harder, software developing or web developing?
Working as a programmer, is it useful to study by heart standard algorithms such as Dijkstra, Quicksort and so on, or do you just Google them and use them?
What processes strengthen for developers?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
Does Salesforce India offer opportunities to software engineers to join the US office through internal mobility or internal job postings?
Which would be better for a fresher, becoming a software developer at ZOHO Corporation or a software developer at OpenText Technologies?
How does a screenshot work in a software perspective?
What is meant by floating licence in a software product?
What is the best career advice for someone with 2 years of experience in software testing (manual)?
Customers frequently don't understand the effort required to build software solutions, particularly when it is an integration project, or something where there is not a UI. How do you manage their expectations?
Is the work of Texas Instruments’ embedded engineers more about hardware or software?
How do I make it to Silicon Valley as a future software developer?
Is it true that Indian IT engineers’ resumes are filled with fake data?
How good is ThreadSol for a software engineer position?
What software engineering project can I do in 10-15 days to make my resume look better for campus placements?
What is field testing?
Where can I learn AUTODYN software online?
Which top graduate schools offer professional master's degrees in CS, software engineering, or data science?
How can anyone learn Machine Learning and Data Science from an absolute beginner and get a job in India?
Is it a wise decision for a software engineer with 7 years of experience, who wants a career switch to academics, to try pursuing an MS in CS?
Is there a way to make a backup of my system software’s (Windows 10) and get all of the software’s back on a fresh OS installation?
Do software engineer attain better position in Infosys than electrical engineer in any core company?
How can Discrete Structures be co-related to software engineering?
Some people have said that to be a software engineer one has to be humble, but most software engineers are the opposite of humble. Why is that?
What kind of things should we consider during project milestone creation?
What is the typical hourly consultant rate for a good software engineer in Seattle?
How do I make my team more agile?
Are PHP developers software engineers?
Where can I find a short introduction to Python for someone who has experience with C/C++?
Which software is important for an architecture student?
Which is the best area to buy flat in Bangalore for a software engineer?
What are some cases in which test driven development does not work?
Where can I find freelance QA Testers in Canada?
What is the best 3D software for architects?
What is the best way to improve my software quality management skills?
How long do software engineers spend taking customer requirements?
Does anyone ever regret going for an MBA from a software engineering background?
What are the pros and cons of developing software from the top-down and from the bottom-up?
What is the best way to become a software developer after obtaining a civil engineering degree?
How do I work with a QA engineer with 10 years of experience who doesn't know how to rename a file in a command line?
What is some free software for an audio analyzer?
Which are the best .NET software companies in India?
How can a software/web developer make money while in a new city for a few months?
What is the use of a reliability study in software engineering?
Why would adding MPI slow down my CUDA/OpenMP parallel program, rather than speed it up?
After how many years are software projects usually replaced (or rewritten so substantially they could be considered new)?
What pre-course input is necessary to join a B.Tech program in computer science?
What are some simple hacks that every software engineer should know?
Do software engineer internship interviews test you on system design and scalability?
How shall I start preparing my 7 year old sister right from her school days so that she becomes a software engineer in future?
Should I start my career as a data scientist at a startup or as an SDE at an MNC?
What annual salary should I expect in Suffolk, England, with 7 years of experience as a .NET software developer?
After 2 years in the industry, is it normal to have so much of your code rewritten by a senior web developer/software engineer?
How can I apply for a software developer position in ZOHO? I have work experience. How will be the interview process, and how can I prepare for it?
What are the biggest causes of product delays (software)?
What type of degree do you have to have if you want to be a software engineer?
What is the best way to structure an Android team?
How long will it take me to make six figures in UK or USA  as a contractor software developer starting from a college level education?
In the sense of software architecture qualities, which social network/media is well designed and what qualities matter most?
What is the exam conducted by Google to recruit software engineers?
How many software development teams worldwide provide outsourcing? I need a reliable source.
How do you assess the maturity of a software engineering team?
How should I respond to a manager who says "software developers do not need to analyze that much, so you should be an analyst"?
What is an example of a non-software project that uses Agile?
How can I get new clients for Web/software development?
Is Avenue IT Software a genuine company in Hyderabad?
Is there any bridging course available for a software tester who has migrated from India with a PR visa in hand?
What are various softwares that a civil engineer need to learn for his future benefits?
Can I be successful in software engineering at SJSU if I am not good at math?
What kind of skills or tools experience do I need to get a software engineering job?
Will a bachelor’s degree in software engineering from a mediocre college in the USA land me a good job?
How long does it take an experienced attorney to redline a software licensing agreement?
What should be the category A cutoff for software engineering in SRM University on the main campus?
How difficult is it to change your profile from Manual Tester to Java Developer in Cognizant? What's the procedure?
Which technology/language in software engineering has a good scope and pays well?
What is a method to grow as a manual tester?
What are good performance metrics or KPI's for a new COO of a software technology consulting company?
How do I go from zero to hero in the computer science or software profession?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of working at a big 4 software company but not at the company HQ?
How can I prepare for an interview for business analysis in a software company?
How much scope does software engineering have?
Who is the top software development company in Kerala?
Would it be useful to develop a standardized test to evaluate competency in core coding skills?
What is the difference between a computer hardware and computer software?
What sort of tools do 3D developers write for themselves in companies?
Is web development considered in software engineering?
Which effects does wireframing have on the development team?
How should I choose between Xamarin and Scala?
How do you pronounce Vi?
Are there any testing hackathons for software testers?
What skills should I have after 2 years of experience in software testing?
What is the best software development book you read in 2016?
Can an average software engineer get an offer from booking.com?
I developed a software for billing and stock management for medical shops. How do I sell them?
Is there a web developer software that allows you to visually see your code as you write it?
Why do game developers make so little money in comparison to software engineers?
What is software architecture in software engineering?
As a developer, is it true that I shouldn't fear being unemployed when getting old, if I can keep my passion and work hard in software development?
Which companies uses coding with NX software for doing dimensioning automation?
Which profile is good for a computer science student as a fresher, a white box tester in Adobe or a software developer in a US-based startup company?
What is a software research engineer at Google?
What are the best books to learn the foundations behind coding a software?
What is the best HR software?
Why I am I stressed to work as software engineer?
What is the most coolest engineering field in your opinion and why?
What is meant by deploying to stages (production/development)?
What are some ways that developers try to act cool around other developers?
How do I get 15 lakh package jobs in the hardware domain initially, the way software developers get them in big companies?
How can I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
Is most technical feedback about a product from users who don't work at the company useless?
What is the Agile manifesto? What are 4 key points in it?
Have you taken the Bentley written test for software engineers?
Which career will be better in the future in terms of pay - a software engineer or digital marketer?
What is the scope of jobs if I study computer software from DICS and choose an arts stream?
How easily can I get a job in the software field as a fresher?
What to do for clearing testing interview in SAP HR with no prior knowledge? I am a tester with 2 years of functional testing experience.
What are some tools that you have built that you use?
What's the difference between Docker Swarm, Docker Compose and Docker Networks?
How is the software testing profile at Samsung R&D Bangalore for a Tier 3 CSE grad?
What is layoff in a software company?
Would you leave NYC and move to Washington, D.C., for a similar good-paying tech job?
Is it normal for software companies to regularly have trainings for their engineers in the latest frameworks and tools?
Is a Computer Science Engineering degree and a Software Engineering degree given the same value in the tech industry in the USA?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with 49000 rank?
What is the purpose of software quality management?
How do I start a career as a software engineer from being a manual tester with 4.5 years of experience?
Is it bad practice going above your manager to get design decisions from your customer?
What are the biggest software failures?
Is mathematics necessary if I want to do a computer software course and get a job in the future?
Does Gordon Miller think a computer science degree or software engineering degree is more useful?
Which type of software minor projects will develop for learning?
What are top websites where software professinals reside?
Will average salaries decline for software developers in India in the next decade?
Which is the best software for system cleaner and performance booster?
Is it possible to switch to software?
How many hours does it take you to read through a technical or mathematical book?
In which field should I specialize?
Can computer scientists create software programs that are impenetrable?
Are there any coding classes this summer that are 3 weeks or so and are for introductory software development for an 18-year-old headed to engineering school?
Is there anyone who is looking for experience certificate in software?
What's the day-to-day task of a software engineer specialised in Security?
What are the basic requirements for software developer?
Why are software engineers not happy with their daily life?
Do all software engineering internships require that you know about Data Structures & Algorithms?
What are the best software solutions for fresh produce wholesalers?
What are the additional skills that can be developed for a good career in a software field?
What is the role and responsibility of a Director of Engineering in product companies?
Is my idea for an Engineering Consulting and Contracting firm a good idea?
What is maintainability in software engineering?
Is signal processing knowledge needed for a software developer job?
How do I understand very large code-bases quickly in a product-based company?
How can I securely pay for the software system?
Why did you change your field from electronics to software?
Where can I get programming software?
If you could go back 20-30 years and make one change in a software design, what would it be?
What should I do when I feel low in engineering life?
What kinds of software are far more complex to develop than people (who aren't software engineers) realize?
Which software course is best for a 1 year experience?
Which has better career opportunities for embedded engineers currently, automotive or IOT?
How much time will it take to learn C# if I already know Java?
What is the future of a computer science bachelor degree holder? And are they better than software engineers?
Should I wear jeans to a software engineer interview?
Can a non-maths student be a software engineer with PCB & C++ as subjects?
How can I buy software for my company?
You have 3 months to code/learn as much as possible to try and land interviews for software engineering internships in the fall. Where do you start?
Which is the best degree program for BIT or software engineering?
Should I be concerned for my career as a software developer?
I am trying to be a software developer. Should I learn R?
What would be my salary after 10 years in Adobe if I started as a fresher software engineer in India?
What is the best composition of a senior developer and a junior developer in a project?
Can I get into MEng software engineering at the University of Manchester with AAB or A*AB for a level?
Is there any way, besides sending mail to HR, to apply for software engineer positions at Paytm (one 97)?
Is it possible to study automotive engineering if I have studied software engineering?
Which regulations or ISO policies does a software development in Germany have to have?
What frameworks or environments are in the highest demand for app development?
As a software engineer, what is the software that I have to learn to help me to get a good job?
Would a network engineer or a software engineer make more money?
Which one is better to start as a fresher having very few coding experience, being a NOC engineer, a malware trainee or going into software testing?
Which company makes software?
Why aren’t software engineers happy with their life?
How is Paytm so fast in spite of handling millions of customers from the software point of view?
How can independent developers make money from software development as a sustained model when Apple insists on free upgrades for users?
Why should the insurance industry use manual software testing services?
How do I prepare for product-based software companies as I am a pass out from a normal engineering college?
It it necessary to have computer science in class 11 and 12 to do software engineering?
What should I learn in BS? Software Engineering or Computer Science?
Which is the best choice for Engineering: SRM University (ECE, IT, SWE), Chennai (KTR), or Chandigarh University, Punjab (CSE)? I love coding.
What are the best resources to prepare for this specific software engineering interview?
Which non-IT professional should I choose after a 6 year career in QA for software?
Is a master’s degree necessary in China for a software engineer?
What are simple ways to monitor and improve web performance?
Can I switch to the software field from the teaching field?
Which are the outdated software developing technologies?
How do I start my career choice as a software engineer or analysis?
How can I get in touch with Java developers who are currently working in the software industry?
Is a QA role in software looked down upon, since it requires less technical skills than a developer?
What is the difference between software engineering and computer science engineering? And which one has major opportunities in placement?
How can I become a millionaire by working at Infosys?
What is the course order for developing software?
Should I opt for a management quota seat at MPSTME CSE for 15 lakhs or RVCE ISE for 30 lakhs?
What kind of companies or work profile offers interdisciplinary, challenging and innovation demanding problem solving task for engineering background in India?
What would be the best move to become a software engineer, after completing a degree in civil engineering? Would a bachelor’s or master’s in CS help?
Is a software developer who produces a buggy, hard to follow code quickly to meet deadlines a good developer?
What post will a service engineer get after 5 years of experience?
What are the best advantages of CAM software?
How I can calculate my hourly rate as a software freelancer with 6 years of experience?
Is there a software to control an iPhone from a Macbook or Windows PC? I am not looking for software to mirror the screen but to actually control it?
Is it normal for remote developers that work for US software startups from other countries to earn way less than developers working onsite?
What is the best path in the software industry in India, other than programming?
What are the best business intelligence tools for developers to integrate into their clients software projects?
Which type of posts can be used in social media for promoting a software development company?
Have you moved from software testing to Salesforce development?
Can we do both computer software and hardware engeeniering at the same time?
How important is it for a professional software developer to learn Vim?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
Which is the best time for getting a job: September and October or January and February?
Which are the top software QA automation tools in high demand right now?
Can software get back its boom in the US in the near future?
How can I prepare for software testing jobs for freshers in the Netherlands if I am an outsider?
What is the best company for solid work software to do a job?
What are passes in system software?
What is the origin of the term to "port" software?
If a computer breaks down, what happens to the software in it?
What package should I accept after 2 years of experience in software testing?
What is a ground maintenance software?
How good is 75,000 Canadian dollars for a software engineer with six years of experience in Mississauga, Canada?
How do I impress readers through my resume's objective?
To work as a low-level software developer (e.g. writing device drivers), is it better to study Electrical Engineering or Computer Science?
Can a software developer at D. E. Shaw in Bangalore get opportunities to transfer internally to an office in the USA?
As a software developer, how do you find time to learn new skills if you have a family and children to take care?
Why are there so many people learning software development?
Is Spotify engineering team satisfied with ReactJS?
How much programming should you know before learning DS & Algo?
I am willing to sacrifice all of my free time to learn algorithms and prepare the Google interview in 1 year, how should I start?
Do you think that protection of Indian tech companies can guarantee their development?
What are good habits of a software engineer?
How do I switch to a more promising role within IT after 4.5 years in software testing?
How do you explain to a layman that creativity is an important part of software engineering?
What is difference between software engineering, computer engineering and information technology engineering and which one is the best?
How are the placements in SWE in SRM?
Which department is better, in terms of career growth, in the banking sector?
What software model is good for deadlines?
Is getting a software engineering internship in Orlando difficult?
What's a reasonable salary for a recent graduate software developer in Toronto?
What should I do with my local branch once I merge to my master’s?
What are the best IT companies in Switzerland?
How does your company/organization handle cloud account ownership?
Which are the companies where software engineers used to fly 4-6 countries in a year, for company work and by company expenses?
How is the paper test for a Works Applications software designer post?
What are some tips for creating and cultivating a web performance driven culture at a tech company?
How can you implement sticky sessions in a distributed system?
How can I develop a JavaFX loan management system for a practice by modelling the system from a software engineering perspective before I start coding?
How healthy are the software engineers of India?
What could be the best service feature a software development agency can give its client?
What was the hardest computer science project you did as a CS/CPE undergrad?
How can a new grad from India apply for a Software Engineer role at Works Applications (off-campus opportunities)?
What are the most in-demand projects and skills for a freelance software engineer?
How do you start in cyber security?
How do you deal with failed projects as a software developer?
Is it common to not be able to get the dev version of a repo working locally when you start a new job?
Where is the Rubrik India Development Center located, and how competitive is the hiring for fresher software engineers?
How do the big tech companies use Python efficiently given its lack of static type checking and other aspects of modern software engineering?
What do you think about the increase in the number of software companies? Does it affect the software field?
Is it common to be asked to take psychometric tests for software engineering roles?
What is the most popular simulation software's for telecommunication?
Which countries are best for computer software education?
Our software expert, who has been handling our software for years, wants to quit. How do I replace the whole system?
Why are HTTPS requests not cacheable but HTTP can be?
What are the product based software companies to offer a job in performance testing?
What online courses could I get to get a job in the USA as a software engineer if I have only a Russian diploma in computer science?
What is the hourly rate for a software engineer?
If you work as a software engineer, what do you do? Why did you decide to take this job? What are the positive and negative aspects of becoming a software engineer? How can someone obtain the necessary knowledge to become a software engineer?
What are some good methods to evaluate the need for a legacy software application in an organization?
Which are the most demanding/trending fields in IT/software industry?
Is it mandatory to provide "software code(s)" when getting a software patent for a novel which is not obvious?
How do you learn what good architecture is? As a junior software developer, I have trouble with this when starting a new project.
Which top graduate schools offer professional master's degrees in CS, software engineering, or data science?
Is it fine to bring my own keyboard to an internship in software engineering (I like mechanical keyboards)?
What are the top ten software programs for civil engineers?
Why is software development outsourcing a need?
After the device dies, can you handle the software without the device?
What does base fork, base, head fork and compare mean when creating a pull request in GitHub?
Should I go into mechanical, electrical, aerospace, or software engineering?
How do I find long-term accommodation in Seattle? I’m an Indian girl joining a software company.
What are the various courses that a software engineer or developer needs?
Is the value of IT and software engineers in India going down?
How do I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
Can an Indian software test analyst with 7 years of experience working in the UK find a job in Ireland?
What are the advantages of Cadence software?
How do folks interview senior software engineers?
It's a matter of trust! How can I hijack my site from the programmer that developed it?
What's the difference between a system programmer and a system engineer? Which of them is better in terms of a monthly income?
When can I consider myself as a fit entity to be a software developer?
How can I be non-egotistical as a software engineer?
Is Java a software?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
If you have a choice of having a software job or a business, which one would you choose and why?
Which software companies in Indore give the best package to freshers for software testing?
What should an electrical engineering undergraduate do to get an internship at software companies like Adobe or any other?
How can you adopt a SAFe methodology for microservices development?
If you are a software developer who is in your late 20s or early 30s, do you think that you will still work as a software developer at 35?
What are some uncommon tricks used to protect software from reverse engineering?
Is it worth having an ITIL Foundation certificate for software professionals with 2 years of experience?
How is Capgemini as a senior software engineer, and what are its future prospects?
What is the better career, software developer or digital marketing?
Who will give outsourcing projects for software development?
Can we get the genuine job openings for software testing in India? Which website can be trusted for this?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
If I am a new software engineer at Microsoft, what are things I can do early on to set me up for acceptance into the MS Emerging Leader Bench program?
What regions of Australia are currently available for software engineers who want to apply for a 190 visa?
What are the problems faced by humanity that can be solved by developing software?
How does one ensure that in test-driven development, no code is written before a failing test is run?
Which programming skills should I learn?
Is not statistics relatively easier than computer programming?
Does performance in a placement interview affect the software engineer after getting selected in any way?
What's it like to be a software engineer at Starbucks?
What's a typical day in the life of a rockstar developer?
What is the algorithm a Microsoft software developer should know?
Should I leave the IT field?
Do you use reviews or trial and error to choose your business software?
How much hard and what smart work should a person do to become a successful software engineer like a distinguished engineer or so?
Is it possible to simulate a software test lab using Machine learning?
What is the difference between web development and e-commerce development?
What do I need to learn to become a DevOps engineer?
Is it possible for physicists to spend the majority of their time writing code?
How much do software/IT architects at McKinsey typically make initially?
What should be the subject to be chosen for software engineering?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a software engineering degree?
What higher education options would help me to propel my career provided I have 10 years of software development experience with a bachelor’s degree?
What are the softwares which core mechanical companies are using in 2017?
What are some differences between local development environments and the Continuous Integration server when making builds?
What project can I do in C++ on my own to touch upon majority of my undergraduate concepts in CS?
Do you know about some major QA testing events happening in South Korea?
Can international students who completed bachelors’ of software engineering get jobs in Australia?
What is QFD? How is it beneficial in effective software product development and design?
What is the best software course for non-IT graduates in India?
What is more important for a computer engineer to know? Technical concepts or coding?
What are the top research labs working on the topic of security in software defined networking?
What is your opinion of the Unified Process(UP)?
What is it like to be a machine learning engineer?
What should we consider when we need to develop cultural products based upon storytelling techniques?
What are some suggestions for iPhone developer career growth?
After spending 3 years in a product support profile, how can I keep myself motivated to switch to a development profile? Or is it too late?
Which is the best and preferable resume format for applying to a leading software MNC's for a fresher job?
How would you rate MTGO as a piece of software?
Can I start my career in dev ops?
As a software developer, do you ever fear new colleagues will take over your position?
Is it mandatory to do MS to grow in software industry?
How is an average day for a completion engineer?
What must I do to become an engineer? I have realized I don't want to be in my current major because it is not what I want to be (3 semesters in)?
Is MIT good for future software developers, specifically front-end?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
What software is better to get into an automobile company other than CATIA or SOLIDWORKS?
When a place asks for people with basic database software knowledge, what specifically are they thinking?
Are IT companies trying to terminate the testers?
Should I feel embarrassed if a junior software developer knows something better than I do in programming?
If Gilfoyle was a real person, what would his skill set be?
How can I join the military engineer services after my graduation in electrical engineering?
Is the A4/software engineer in Capgemini a support job or not?
Should I opt for Citicorp Services Pune as a software engineer or rather try for other companies?
How can I become a really bad software developer?
What are the key traits of a process engineer?
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
How much does a mechanical engineer earn in a software company?
What is the best way to learn a new software platform?
Which has the best scope, an e-learning developer or a software programmer?
Is studying software engineering worth it compared to finding a job early on?
As a software developer, why do you put a lot of programming languages, frameworks and technical skills on your CV?
Which software will be best for designing PCB for small projects? Where do I get tutorials?
Are there jobs in Yekaterinburg for developers?
Is getting a software engineering degree a better career move than getting a computer science degree?
Can I do multiple jobs if I have more than one interest (i.e. automobile designing and software developing)?
Can a tourist work as a software engineer in the US?
How can I get a job in software development while working in IT support?
Which is better to study software engineering degree? ( Australia , India )
How do I setup in-house software development unit in consultancy company?
What is the best software for management of my services, my regular talks with my clients and, most importantly, my reviews & progress?
How is the work routine for engineers?
What are the interesting fantastic things about computers which every computer engineer should know?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Amazon Seattle campus?
Do developers feel discomfort and pressure when someone reviews their code?
Is it possible to land a machine learning engineer job without a college degree?
How can someone be an excellent software developer after maintaining university pressure?
How do I master the art of googling as a programmer?
What is the best companies for flight procedure design software?
Which sort of engineers are responsible for designing laptops, cell phones, etc.?
What criteria do software engineers use to select a laptop?
Can I implement open research papers and publish to Github while working in a company?
How hard is it to switch careers from network engineering (technical assistance team) to software development?
How do you implement monitoring of request latency and success rates for your microservices?
How are my chances of moving from Technical support into Development in NTT Data?
Which is the best software testing course institute in Chandigarh?
Do I need MATLAB if I am a software engineer?
Is the Rotoshop software expensive to use?
Who is the best competitor to Chegg who pays well for an software engineer?
How can I transform from a quality analyst (QA) to a software development engineer in testing (SDET)?
Which is the most popular accounting software and why?
Where did you use singleton design pattern in your project? What is your experience with that in your projects?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Google at the Mountain View campus?
Why are Americans afraid of Indian software engineers?
Do large companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon hire software engineering managers from overseas, just like they do for software engineers?
Why do interviewers for software test engineering positions expect that a test engineer has a preferred operating system?
How do below average software developers survive in the industry?
Which are better in terms of salary for a fresher: product-based software companies or service-based software companies?
How can a third party verify a software engineer?
What is the best option for freshers in the software/IT industry as per the current growing market?
Which institute should I join for software testing, SEED or MindScript?
Should I focus on learning the product or sharpening my technical skills?
As a software developer, do you fear that keeping your job will be more and more difficult as more people want to become developers?
Are you fed up with the "what’s wrong with Indian engineering" question when we engineers know we are hard working and want to do something?
How can I become a remote contract developer?
Is it possible to study software engineering if I have studied automotive engineering?
How do I study and practice software engineering? I am not talking about writing code. I want to know more about the core concepts or corner stones of SE (like design patterns, distributed computing, binary search, etc.). What is the way to study this?
Whose responsibility is it to determine the cost of a new feature?
What is the minimum time to learn an engineering software?
How do neon testers work?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What are some websites where I can learn the logic behind circuit designing?
Which job is more intellectually challenging, a developer’s job at HFT/financial firms or a developer’s position at software firms like Google and Amazon?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Microsoft Seattle campus?
Should I continue working at an MNC as a software engineer, or should I join GDS BPM?
Why do full-stack developers get low pay compared to other MBA graduates or software developers?
What are the best podcast episodes you've ever listened to as a software engineer?
What software is used to make web comics?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
I'm a graduate in arts and a working professional. How can I become a software developer/programmer?
How do I create scenario-based modelling in software engineering?
What will my salary be in Canada after completing a software engineering qualification and MBA there?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
In what fields of software development do individuals have the most power?
What are the similarities/differences between a cloud architect and infrastructure architect?
Is anyone interested in a workplace-based programme making you job-ready for the New Zealand Software development market?
As a British software developer, I really want to move to Silicon Valley to work. How do I make this happen from a visa and finding work standpoint?
What mistakes should be avoided while writing a resume intended for a fresher job application in software MNCs?
What is the future chances for an Application Development Manager in India?
How do I deal with my software director in New Zealand who doesn't have much trust in my technical skill sets?
Who gets the higher pay: a diploma engineer or a PUC engineer?
As a software engineer in the US, how can I maximize my salary?
What are the things I have to know to use SpeedFan software?
Which course has better placements, BSC CS or BE CS?
What's the most ridiculously over-engineered piece of code you've seen?
Does pursuing an MBA in finance give a better financial status than doing software engineering?
What is the advantage of studying electrical engineering, because at the end I will be getting a job as a software engineer?
How can you become a multi-billionaire through writing a software? Do I need a single laptop and a software or more, where and how do I get started?
Is there any software integration like Lumion but with better rendering quality?
Is it worth opting for SWE at the SRM main campus in 2017?
What are the job responsibilities of a junior Drupal developer?
How do I relocate to Canada, Europe, or New Zealand? I am a software engineer with 4 years of experience as a .NET developer. I neither have a visa nor any offer from there.
How do I start studying for computer testing as a career?
Which one is better than the others, a cardiologist, oncologist, software engineer, or neurosurgeon? Why?
Which is the best way to download cracked software?
What is the best career move for an experienced programmer who wants to save the planet?
Are Agile methodologies suitable for charities?
What are the differences between the regular scheduled AP test and the later test date one?
What is the difference between interface testing and GUI testing?
How would you prepare for a job as a VP of Engineering?
How accurate is the conversion from C++ to Verilog, and which software should you use?
How do I manage hand arthritis, being a software engineer?
Can a program run my computer on my behalf? Can it use the basic programs?
What is the salary for a fresher software tester or developer in the US?
What are the career paths for an IT engineer after 2 years of experience in development, if he/she wants to continue in IT only?
What are the skills that a software developer trainee needs to know?
Can I be a music producer, graphic designer, VFX artist, and software developer at the same time?
How does auto scaling work in terms of cloud services like AWS and GCP?
What is the difference between System Life Cycle and System Development methodology?
Is there a website for the development of the scope of work?
What is the best IMS software for a FMCG distribution centre?
Can I work as a network engineer and a QA engineer at the same time and the same company?
How can you manage engineering complexity when designing a/b diversion points?
What CIE A level subjects should one take to pursue economics, business, computer science and software engineering in a university?
How much does SystemVue software cost?
Why do many jobs have a sign "This job is not open for new grads" in HackerRank?
Are software engineers actually engineers?
What is the best place to find market rate compensation rates and standard benefits for developers roles?
What programming language should I learn as a QA engineer?
What are the lists of designations for a software developer? What are the responsibilities of an associate software analyst?
What's it like to work at Amazon as a quality engineer in the UK/USA?
Is it possible for a developer to be excellent in many platforms?
How much do software engineers make at NTT DATA after working for 2 years?
I study master program in software engineering, I want to improve myself in Java, what should I do?
What are the characteristics of a bad mechanical engineer?
Is there an object-oriented design pattern tutorial on the web which implements design patterns on practical real-life use cases as opposed to toy classes like "Animal", "Shape", etc.?
How can someone be an excellent developer while dealing with the pressures of university?
Are large projects a huge risk for software architects? Do they benefit their careers in the long run if they succeed or fail due to business reasons?
What salary should I expect as a senior software engineer in Barcelona, Spain?
Do I have to be a developer to learn DevOps tools like Jenkins?
Which field should I choose, software engineering or IT engineering?
What are the different types of engineering and what do they do?
Is anyone interested in joining the Google I/O extended event in Lucknow for software developers (experts and students)? https://goo.gl/mb3XXg
Which is the best software in the retail kids’ garments industry that’s integrated from end-to-end, including taxation, expenses and inventory?
What is your advice for software project manager, having an MS in Technology background? Especially for those who are looking for change but are facing difficulties.
What should the resume headline be for a manual tester?
What is L-citrulline?
As a software developer, what would you do if a colleague said your work is too easy and doesn’t have much value for the team?
What video control software or management software do HEVC/VP9/AV1 streaming providers use today and what are the challenges do they face?
Is it true that engineers can do everything but engineering?
What is the best way to develop a small production company?
Are OOAD concepts used in software companies?
What are the trends and issues with information system development?
Which software is similar to CARTO?
Is this software job better than other jobs?
In a certain code “late” is written as “vgzo”. How would “shine” be written in this code?
Do engineers at Google and Facebook write test plans? What is some advice on writing test plans and the tracking tools involved?
What are the software programs that an MBA student must learn to have a corporate future?
What is the difference between refactoring and re-engineering?
What subjects should I choose in college (apart from distributed systems) to prepare me for a data architect role?
Can you be a platform agnostic software engineer?
What is Telstra’s recruitment process for the post of IT software developer?
What are some thing that a software developer must know?
Why is the Janadhar Election software important?
How should I prepare for a Skype interview for a “Junior Development Operations Engineer: Cloud Management Platform” at SAP Germany? What should be my focus? 3 experienced (15-20 years) people will be taking my interview. Should I prepare for a programming test?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
What is the difference between Schlumberger's ECLIPSE and OMEGA software?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
In what kind of scenario will require you to implement test driven development?
If I want to create my own software, videogames, and robotic systems in the future and sell them, do I have to become a CEO?
What is the most effective way for a software engineer to transition into being a product manager?
What interview questions should I expect for a software development interview?
Would you still want to become a software developer if you know you are not smart and will never get a job at top tech companies like Google?
Do no game engineers make good stuff in video game development?
What is some information about Penn State's World Campus bachelor’s in software engineering program?
How can I earn 12lakh per annum as a software engineer with 3.5lakh as my present salary, with 4 years of experience?
What is The Economist's technology stack, and how many software developers do they have?
How do I sell my software solution to my employer and avoid conflict of interest?
Which is more valuable, creativity or rational thinking for software development?
What forms of virtualization exist?
Can a manual tester become a software developer if he has good programming knowledge?
Can a bachelor of biomedical engineering do an M.Sc in software engineering with a 3.23 GPA?
Which company gives a higher salary to freshers, a product-based software company or service-based software company?
Is it better to go back to India after completing masters in software engineering from Australia?
Can an undergraduate in mobile app development do his postgraduate studies in software development?
How to be a good real software testing engineer?
Which start ups in India are currently hiring (April 2017) software developers with one year of experience?
How do software companies find more partners?
What are different approaches for doing Object-Oriented Analysis and Design?
What is the best university for studying software engineering in Europe?
What kind of a software application can fetch money from a CA?
If the BSA believes a company is using pirated software, do they have the right to search the company's computers without a court order?
How much salary does a software test engineer earn in the initial stage in India?
What are some suggestions for an average Software Engineering student who wants to work at Google?
What do performance testers do? Do performance testers get an opportunity to write any code?
What I do after twelth for software engineering?
What is the best software for creating infographs?
How do I startup for a freelance software developer?
What's the difference between a software engineer and a software development engineer?
How is £75000 (pre-tax) as a salary in London for a software engineer with 4 years of experience, if I want to lead a comfortable life?
Does Google India hire any non-CS graduates as software engineers?
As a graduate applying for a Software Engineer position at Cisco, what programming skills do I need? In what language are Cisco devices written?
How do I get companies to interview me for a software test engineer job? I am on an L2 visa with a validity of 10 months, which will be extended soon.
What is the SRMJEE mark required for the software engineering course in 2017 (Kattankulathur)?
What should be my plan for 2 years, being a fresher database developer?
What are some career options after gaining two years’ experience as a software developer?
What JavaScript framework do German software developers approve of?
What would software engineering be like if everyone was a 100x engineer?
According to salary, which engineering is better for me, IT or software?
What are the limitations and possibilities of using smartphone components in a phone they were not made for (e.g. using a HTC camera in an LG phone)?
What can be the career growth of a C/C++ developer in IBM Datacap application development?
What are some statistics around usage of open source libraries and frameworks in closed-source or in-house code bases?
How can I become a recipe tester?
What software companies allow the most freedom for employees to work on side projects and OSS off of company time?
Is there a website development or software field in the Dell company?
Software engineers, what programming languages do you know?
What are the names of the software companies which intake students from the University of Florida?
Do you ever regret sacrificing so much time to become a software developer?
What are some tricky questions in a software engineer interview?
What is the bond period with Newgen Software Technologies for a fresher in Mumbai?
How does Bukalapak engineering code review process looks like?
What are the types of Traditional software testing?
How has your password changed your life?
Why is there no software for GoAnimate?
What are the advantages of implementing a software measurement program within an IT organization?
Can anyone opt software engineering in IIT if he had not read computer till 10?
What are some things that are not taught in college but are useful to a software engineer?
What happens during Samsung's software competency test?
What is flow of Dropwizard application?
Would it be better to just go for my Cisco (CCNA-CCNP) or for a software engineering degree? I have an interest in both, but what would be better?
What are some business opportunity trends within AI that can be monetized with little seed capital, if any?
Has industrialization denounced farming, specially the software industry?
In software engineering, is it better to focus on one field or try to learn a handful of fields?
Can a software developer having 6 months of experience apply for SBI SO or IBPS SO?
What should every software engineer know about software architecture?
Who are implementation consultants in a software company/project? What is their job role?
Can I buy an Audi by working for a software firm?
How can a guy with over 10 years of software experience with minimal technical and management exposure survive in the IT industry?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
Intentional Software is integrated into Microsoft. Where have the workbenches disappeared to?
I’m looking to switch careers to software development. What programming languages should I focus on learning first to best help my job prospects?
What is the future of chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What is necessary to develop a software application?
How do I develop bug-free software?
What is the best software for architecture?
Is there a way to have a point-of-sale sync with your server?
What is performance evaluation based on individual projects for software professionals? Should they feel evaluated and appreciated after each project?
Are there any platforms similar to Codementor that offer brief collaborations with software engineers mostly for mentorship?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
Which is best, an MTech in integrated software engineering at VIT Vellore or a BTech in software engineering at SRM Chennai?
Is Pascal still used in professional software development?
What is the best software tool to work with USRP for vehicular environment?
What languages are required to become a developer?
How did things go for independent developers who have open sourced your software?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What is the best software for Student Alumni relations?
What are good software Companies in India which are not very popular?
What kind of opportunities are there for an MBA candidate in the software sector?
Which software course is the best to get a job quickly?
What problems have you faced from only knowing high-level programming?
Which is the best software development company in Delhi?
Which career option is better in Canada, Computer Programmer or Software Engineer?
Does it make sense to go back to school for a BS in software engineering?
Is it a good idea to quit the software engineering field when sitting the whole day in front of the computer is not good for me?
Will there be any wireless technology for smartphones in the future so that we can share battery power (electricity) over WiFi or Bluetooth or something else?
What’s the best dashboarding platform or software out there right now?
I'm thinking about taking a high school programming and software development course. Is it worth it?
Can I still become a software engineer if I got very bad grades in college?
What benefits are included in relocation benefits for a fresher at an Indian software firm?
How do I approach clients for outsourcing software development projects?
How difficult is Societe Generale's coding test for experienced software developers?
Which place is better for software testing courses, Bangalore or Pune?
What equipment do IBM software engineers get? And does it differ depending on the location of the IBM office, such as Ireland?
Do developers from top tech companies like Google always feel superior to other developers?
What is some advice for a 25-year-old software developer who wants to earn more money?
What do I need to do to become a software engineer?
I have a software engineering internship this summer. Does anyone have any helpful tips that I should know before starting?
Would you still hire a software developer if he/she is weak at algorithms but have successful track records of production level development?
Which is a good profession: teaching or software industry-related jobs?
What is network monitoring software?
Can a recent mechanical engineering graduate manage a software developer role?
In what kind of software developer job does intelligence have the least impact on job performance?
Should I choose artificial intelligence or software engineering?
What is the meaning of "MS office cracked software"? How can I use it safely on my PC today?
How can software testing help the logistics industry?
What software should I learn for architecture?
How do I start an embedded software career? How can I start my study and practice to achieve it?
What is the best approach to testing implicit requirements?
Being a manual tester with 3 years of experience, what can I do next to improve my career?
Do you think the existing vendor selection methods for large firms and SMEs looking to select a reliable vendor are effective or lacking?
How do I change my career from IT to software?
Is it possible to switch from performance testing to development?
How can one create and write documents during software development?
Why do we need the IoT visualization software?
What proportion of their time do great software engineering managers spend working in the team, versus on the team, versus around the team?
Software Testing: What is a traceability matrix and what are some examples?
Why are Software Engineers simply called resources in Indian IT companies?
How do I get ideas and inspiration to make software useful for many people?
Roughly how much should I make as a software engineer with 5 years of experience in Munich?
What are the applications of software?
How many times a week do you use a debugger?
Is 6 months of experience as a software developer enough to find a better job with a hike in pay?
How do I know, when hiring software engineers for a startup, which one is good or bad?
How DevOps will help manual tester with more than 10 years of experience?
What is the value of a solutions architect/pre-sales consultant/enterprise architect and a customer success manager at a software company?
Who should you pay more, the back end engineer who creates web APIs or the engineer who architects and develops the front end?
What are the responsibilities of a software project manager?
What are the best sources to keep updated about software engineer news?
If any company is looking for online exam software. What are the parameters they should look for?
In order to become a great software developer, should I start with algorithms or should I go into programming first?
How is the scope, salary-wise, for a software tester in the fund accounting domain (IT industry)?
Where do you start in building a software dev. company?
What are some cool applications/software you should know?
What country gives the highest salary for software engineering?
Do you know of any software company that does scientific computing in India?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
What software or process do you use to validate online a new branch location?
What is software automation and how it can affect a hard core coder?
Can a Google employee change his department from marketing to software? Are there any internal job postings?
I have just passed my MBBS. I'm doing good in this field. But I'm very much attracted toward physics stuff. What should I do?
What skills should a software developer acquire in order to avoid getting laid off?
What is the nature of the work of embedded systems software engineers?
Why would you want to make unsafe calls in Kotlin?
Is there any way to stay calm and focused while working with some ugly and stupid people in the software industry?
Is there any Flowchart software for Linux recommended?
Can I pursue an MS in MIS if I have a bachelor's in science and a software engineering certificate (3-year course) from NIIT?
Has anyone ever applied to a software engineer role in person?
When should LinkedList be used over arrays?
What are some examples of software products that lost market share when the need was addressed further up the stack (i.e. in the OS, for example)?
Should I go with computer science as many software engineers are being fired from companies recently?
Does software testing require any coding knowledge?
Is a first over a 2:1 in Computer Science worth the effort?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
What are some tips you would give your past self when you were just getting into software development?
What will be the effect on product based software companies in India if huge lay-offs happen, as described in some articles?
What software/tools do you recommend for non-software Product Management?
What is the salary for a senior software engineer in PwC Australia?
What else can be done when you have been to a software training institute?
How can a software developer join the cybersecurity field as a developer?
What are some of the Google's top open source​ projects​ where we can contribute​?
What is the difference between internships and new grad position in Software Engineering?
What are the common things that excellent engineers do every day?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
What should a software engineer learn to be at the managing level?
How do I start over as a software engineer?
What happens when you are placed in cognizant as a software developer?
Is a bachelor in division software engineering department of innovative information and technology the same with a bachelor in software engineering?
Is it true that nearly one lakh software engineers have been laid off by companies? Will this affect employment opportunities in the next two years?
What are the new skills/areas worth learning for a .NET software developer, that has a scope for the future?
Does Amazon use Minitab software?
How common is it for a workplace to use the Joel Test?
Other than calculus, what fundamental math topics should a software engineer know?
How do I spend my time while looking for software development job?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
Is it better to study hardware or software?
What are the things I should know in Python in order to work in Google as a Python software engineer?
What solutions does a software development company provide?
What are the checkpoints before selecting software development outsourcing?
What are the placements like for an integrated MTech in software engineering at VIT?
Which tech companies are middle to lower-middle class-focused?
Is it a good move to join from Cisco (automation tool development) to Nokia Networks (as a solution architect)?
Is a specialisation in HCI a good option for a software engineer?
How are joins supported by SQL but not in NoSQL databases?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
How does a senior software engineer with Java background get a job in Tower Research Capital?
What should be the RAM for engineering to run software like SolidWorks?
What group should I take on the 11th to become a software engineer?
Do developers who are good at algorithms and DS earn more?
What are the most important software and programmes for a civil planning engineer?
What set up do you use as a software developer?
Will the Indian software industry hire a 50-year-old software engineer if he happens to start his career at that time?
Can anybody be a software developer with coding knowledge?
How many people working in Amdocs would refer a fresher software engineer if I ask for reference here on Quora?
Which is the most useful and common software in Canada?
How do I add a software license to a file?
What is the importance of back end systems?
What are the top free tools for software testers?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
How can you buy an old IBM software product?
To what extent do software engineers need to understand computer and electrical hardware?
What are other career choices for a Software Engineer on H1B visa?
How can I change my career from mechanical engineering to embedded software engineering?
Is it worth leaving law school for a degree in software development?
Are software developers proud of the software that they have done after the submission of the projects?
What is the interview process of RBS for the software engineer position for those who already have some experience in J2EE?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
What is the ideal way to import data in a software?
Will software engineers on SQL exist in the future?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing and now I want to move into data science and do an MS in it. How can I go about this?
How hard is it to reach six digit income in software industries as a fresher?
Can a software licensor withdraw a lifetime licence? What happens to the licensee’s rights?
Which start-ups are hiring software engineers on F1 student visas in the San Francisco Bay area?
How do I become a successful software developer if I don't like programming?
What are some other jobs that software programmers can do if he/she loses his/her job due to recession or any unavoidable circumstances?
How hard is it to be recruited by Rakuten, Japan as a software tester working in India for the past 6+ years?
What are your experiences with outsourcing software development, is it cost-effective?
How can I switch from a career in software engineering to the cyber security field?
Will focusing on Android development during college help me get placed in most companies coming for placement drive?
Is it good for a software developer to take up the position of product support engineer in India?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
Is there a tool that lets you mirror a git repository into Google Cloud Storage?
What are the important things that a software engineer need to do daily to improve them technically?
Which university has the best master's degree in software engineering?
What work do software engineer, analyst, and tester do in companies like Capgemini, Cognizant, Infosys?
Can a QA engineer with 1+ year of experience in the software industry go into the hardware industry?
What reverse engineering tools do we have to apply on big code bases to know what they are doing in as much detail as possible?
How can I crack the licence of Redmirchi software?
What are the steps for managing a remote team for software development?
Of all the things that your solution will do, what should you be developing on your own?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
Do you like fixing bugs?
What are the properties of software development outsourcing?
Which is the best software company in Coimbatore to go for an internship?
What are the trends in software development outsourcing?
How much money do the best software engineers on Wall Street make?
How is good for mecanical engineer to work in porcurment?
Which is the best MBA option for 3 years experienced software engineer?
What should I expect from a company as a junior developer out of college?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources by clicking a button in a software?
Apart from Crossover, can somebody give a list of similar companies that offer remote jobs for software engineers?
How would you redesign the world wide web protocol and formats?
What are the tips to choose software development company?
What does it look like working in a trading firm (like SIG) as a software engineer?
Can I become a software engineer by choosing electronics?
If actuaries have to be lifelong learners, what is it that they're learning? Do they learn at the same pace as software developers?
I am a fresher who is working on a software company for 3 months and I don't think I'll get enough exposure here what should I do?
Can I work at a place with a lot of engineers at the age of 15?
What is the field of maths most required during software/game development?
What problems can be solved with software solultions in the Philippines?
Which is better, software engineering at Google in the US or being an IAS officer in India?
Which company is a better career progression and more satisfying job for a software graduate in the UK: Morgan Stanley or a small-medium software company?
What is meant by stub testing?
What factors should we consider before selecting a software development company?
I suddenly hate programming but I can't get any job other than software development, what should I do?
I have an accounting background. Should I change to QA tester for the ease to work from home? I am a mother of two and had a two year hiatus.
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Which one is good to join, Infosys or CGI? Both are offering kind of the same packages for senior software engineers.
What are the best locations for me to advance as a software developer? How about emerging places?
NVIDIA CEO, Jensen Huang said: "Software Is eating the world, but AI Is going to eat software.” Should we think of this as a platform change?
How do I a get promine software for education purpose?
Are the electrical engineers get job in software companies?
How do I move out of software engineering to a product/business/strategy role?
What is scope of CodeIgniter in the software industry?
When should a software engineer switch jobs?
Will AMCAT exam help to find a software engineer job in this present situation?
What is the process to get into any PSU as a software engineer having 3+ years of experience?
Which is the best software for a beginner to learn for entering into the VFX industry?
How does Microsoft train newly hired CS graduates for their development projects?
What are the technical details that occur during software installation?
Where should utility/helper functions be placed in an Angular2 app?
Is it normal for a licensor to request for inspection of source code?
What are the other options for BtecIT other than software companies?
Are there any software companies in Kerala?
Is there a software application for solving propositional logic problems?
Is there any paid software than can track inventory for resources allocated for a project to different sites rather than for sales?
Our software development company in the US, with around 60 people, is looking for a performance management system. What are some good online software options?
How can I get a job at a Canadian software company from Nigeria?
Is there a master’s degree in software testing?
Which is a better company amongst 'ThoughtWorks', 'Qualys', 'SAS', 'NetCracker' to join as a software engineer?
Which is a better, a master’s in software engineering or a master’s in MIS?
Can a self taught excellent (who can prove he's better than others in coding & did many projects) college dropout software engineer get a job in India?
Which is the better field for an engineer, finance or software?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
What is the key thing to learn in social engineering?
What is the best way to obtain a value on jet aircraft parts? Is there software for this, or is it best to just get on the horn and call around?
How many types of software are there?
How many hours in average do software engineers, Developers, or coders code in a day? Do developers code 8 hours every day?
What is digital repository software?
If I sincerely want to be a web developer, where do I start?
What is the difference between normalization and joins?
What are the best resources on the topic of website performance optimization?
Since in India everyone is crazy about CSE, how does one know if it’s his passion or if he is just following the herd?
How can some programmers read the code and fix problems very easily in a big software stack, like a networking protocol stack?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
What skills nowadays are required for being a software engineer?
Is it wise for a software engineer working in a top tier product company (Amazon, Google or Microsoft) to go for an MBA at one of the top IIMs, FMS, or XLRI?
Who replaced CMMI for the development of quality systems for software development companies?
What skills would justify a promotion from mid- to senior-level for a DevOps engineer?
What are the characteristics of a software development company?
Does Juno have a public API?
Is direct addressing mode better than indirect addressing mode?
Why should I study science math to become a software engineer?
How should a software developer plan his life after 40 years of age?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
How can I get a job developing vehicle software?
What is the profile of software engineers in Silicon Valley who got a minimum of $50k USD as sign-on bonuses (since 2012)?
Which one should I choose, a football player contract for Real Madrid team A or a software engineer offer from Google?
Do American companies and startups hire Europeans with Bachelor's degree in CS for software engineering jobs?
Which one is better, a site reliability engineer or a system architect in big data?
If an application uses NLP to analyze user text, and then to return images accordingly, would this use of NLP fall into the AI category?
What are the benefits of using a tailoring software?
How can I get into Google as a software developer?
How can I become an ESL teacher from a software engineer?
Would it be a problem if I spend a whole night to learn new stuff and work on software projects instead of taking care of my 2 month old daughter?
Which should I choose for ECE - software or core?
Is it a good idea to move away from the California Bay Area to live in London if I work in the software industry?
Which field is better, networking or software?
What tech companies pay for employees’ part-time master’s?
Which are the countries that offer low-cost software development in Southeast Asia?
Is there a rule of thumb to estimate the calculations your software will require to let you decide if you need a supercomputer or not before coding?
How can I join the SAIT division? I am currently placed as software engineer in SRI, Bangalore starting in July.
I want to join Brainware Computers for a PG course in software engineering. Will it be a good decision?
Have you ever seen someone change from a weak software developer to a Google level software developer in only 1 year?
How can I change my career from project management to software engineering for embedded systems?
How do I analyze semi-rigid joints in a beam-to-beam connection using ETABS?
How did you get into game development? What advice would you give to a newbie who wants to transition from writing software to developing games?
Why is AUTOSAR good for suppliers that supply both hardware and software together?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
How do I get into MS in CS at IIITH after 2 years of experience in software at MNC?
Can I work independently after becoming a software developer?
Is it hard for a new CS grad with a good GPA and no internships to get a job? How about in Los Angeles?
What advice do you think is important for software designers in 2017?
What should I do if my part time job affects my studies?
What are the steps that I should take in order to become an engineer’s apprentice with no experience?
What should I do to get the most out of a web dev internship with a very low-quality code base? My boss does not want to do a major refactor and redesign.
Is software testing dead?
What is the best/most effective outreach a corporate recruiter has approached mid level to sr. Java software engineers in the NYC area with?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing. I am willing to migrate to Canada and switch to different domain such as banking. Is it possible?
What is the software industry like in Pakistan? How is Pakistan doing in this field, compared to India?
What is the code base for Facebook?
How can I meet an Indian software developer?
If I move to New Zealand will it be easy to find a job in software development?
Where can I get the HN-NonLin V1.1 software? It is a free software program, but I am not able to find it.
Which design software is best for an environmental engineer?
What are the similarities between hardware and software, and what are the differences?
Where is Uber’s software development centre in Bangalore?
Can I develop an Android application like the Matrix Lab software with the same features?
What IQ do you need to have to work for a big tech company as a software developer?
Is Oracle CPQ a good or bankable skill to learn and make a career in the current IT market for a software engineer?
What is the best software for a domain shop?
What is meant by software and hardware?
What do you think of Aress Software?
What is the way to get in to the top USA based software companies while working from India?
Why, in a DC machine, is a field testing method called field testing?
Would getting a System Administrator job in college help me land a Software Engineering role afterwards?
Is it better to become a software developer now or in the future?
Is there any API to get a list of all software companies?
Is it true that software engineers can only work until the age of 35/40 because they then get fired by their companies?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
I am looking for a real life example of DevOps? What shall I be doing as a DevOps engineer at my desk?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a network engineer?
What percentage of software engineers (with at least 5 years of experience) in the Bay Area in CA require visa sponsorships or H1B transfers?
Does test-driven development slow down software development?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
Have you ever been rejected for a software engineer role even though you have a good portfolio?
What are the best techniques ever used in industry for software testing?
What is the difference between software testing and software inspection?
What are the programmes offered for the VIT M.Tech software engineering integrated programme?
Are new TN visas still being issued for software engineers or is all that on a stand-still now?
Which courses should I opt in my college? I want to become a software/game developer.
What is the best technology/software to switch from ITIS (2-year exp.) to a developer role?
Is software engineering dying? Should it be called IT engineering?
How can I become a smartphone designer in companies (I mean the design not software design)?
Can you become a software engineer through computer science?
How can I improve my focus, become less lazy and more organized?
Is there a company to certify software architecture?
What is the role of a tester and developer in the software industry?
What resume format should a fresher use for being a software engineer?
Are applications and software both the same?
Is the Google Summer of Code really worth it? Is it over-hyped?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources just by clicking a submit button in a software?
How was Diane Hartley’s career effected by her contribution to NYC’s safety?
What is the difference between a FP precision implementation in Hardware vs software?
Which software companies do not care about academic records?
Is there any way to conduct performance analysis on software systems before implementation?
As a software developer, how much of your day would you say is spent productively?
Which is the best site for learning software testing?
What is future of a non-technical manager in an IT company? Is there a slow death of people managers in IT?
Should I continue my software engineer job in the IT field in India in 2017?
I have been programming for 2 months & have a highly experienced software engineer willing to mentor me regularly. How can I best utilize their help?
Is a BSc is required to get a good job as a software developer?
What is the best career choice for a software developer having an MBA from a prestigious business school?
How do I become a software engineering team lead fast?
Is it easy to change jobs from being an IT consultant to being a software developer?
Do star sports require software engineers?
How likely will it be in 4-6 years for a computer science major to get a job as a software engineer? How will the pay look?
What is UML its tools and types?
Will AI eventually cannibalize the software industry?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
How can I learn embedded software?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What is effort in software engineering?
Are microservices the best option to avoid technical debt?
Does a computer engineering major have the necessary education to work as a software developer?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
Is there any good Ophthal software?
What (formal) effort estimation techniques are commonly used in software development projects these days?
What is the qualification for software engineer?
Which offer should I accept - a product support engineer at Sprinklr, or a software engineer at Continental R&D?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer? And what is the growth for the QA role?
What are some good project ideas for a software development project for the last year?
What are the prerequisites to become a software tester?
Why do Google software engineers look like God compared to normal developers?
Can you work in a software company after doing a non-software btech like mechanical or EEE and an MBA?
Is it good to join BMC Software, Pune as a product developer (R&D) with 4 years of experience?
Which language should I learn to speak as a software engineer which would be an advantage for me in the future?
What is the ZoomRX interview process for a software development engineer?
What are the characteristics of software testing services?
Do software developers often take long leave to learn new technical skills?
What is Amazon Ireland's official or unofficial dress code? What is the rough criteria for evaluating a candidate for a software developer job?
I graduated a year ago and currently working. I am interested in software development but want to brush up my skills. Can I apply for internship?
What are the opportunities for a software developer with design and animation skills?
I feel like I should go for Data Science and sometimes for software engineering as I love data structure and algorithms. What should I choose?
How do I move from a systems admin profile to software development?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
How do I get a job in two days at a software company with no experience? I completed graduation in 2011.
Are web developers software engineers?
Does Google provide jobs only for software engineers?
What are the properties of offshore software development services?
Is there any scope for a piping isometric drawing software developer?
Is it a wise choice for a manual tester to take up a production support job?
What are the basic requirements of a multi school software solution?
How can the absence of good software engineering practice affect software product development?
Traditional tester vs Agile tester – What are the differences?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer?
What is the CAD software that’s used by the automobile companies in Bangalore?
With the same experience, who will get paid more, a software engineer, a security researcher, or a data scientist?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a QA in software testing/development?
How does one keep in touch with research while working as a software developer in the industry?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
What is better: technology developer or project owner?
What are the software a biomedical engineer should learn?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
What is involved in a software developer aptitude test?
How can I find a software architect in Zurich?
How would you describe the life cycle of software and how development is done to a non-technical person?
Which one is easy, software engineering or engineering?
What is the salary for a software engineer in Bangalore?
What companies in India offer software engineering jobs that involve traveling abroad?
What kind of problems do AI solve today and what will be the role of software engineer in an AI based software world?
Is there software where we can give the name of the products with its rate and its ease of use?
How can someone who is not from the IT field become a software test engineer?
Why do software professionals lose interest in their careers when they hit their 40′s?
What do you look for in a PMS software if you rent apartments, villas, rooms, etc.? What does the software need to have, and what can you live without?
How can a software restrict your computer from accessing other things?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
What is Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering (CPRE)? How it can help you as a software engineer?
Is startup acquisition a long-term and better subfield in the software industry than software development is?
Has anyone graduated with a second bachelor’s degree in software development and security from UMUC? What are some tips on how to ace each subject?
What are some good Canadian carrier related online discussion forums to join, for the software engineering field, as a professional?
What is the maximum salary of Google India software developer from fresher to 10 years of experience?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
Is struggling with engineering problems (Computer Science, Maths, Physics) improves the brain (Critical thinking, problem solving abilities)?
How do I change careers from the QE department to software development?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Cape Town (Milnerton)?
What will the effect on product-based software companies in India be if huge layoffs happen as described in some articles?
Can I study CS while majoring in something else and still have software developing skills?
Which is a better job, an IBPS/SBI PO or a software engineer in TCS?
Is it a good idea to use Java developers as testers for black-box testing of bugs/tasks?
What are the different cognitive styles best suited for software engineering vs. data science?
How did you learn the last/current software product in your project?
What are the best software used for developing hyper redundant robots with multiple degrees of freedom?
What is the most complex software you have built?
What approach (CMMI, ISO 9001, TickIT, 6Sigma) should I choose as software development quality framework?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
What is the best software for knowing the world?
What are some good career related, online discussion forums to join for the software engineering field, as a professional?
Is there any software that can be useful for project planning?
How can I switch careers from BPO to a software developer or programmer?
How does Google Polymer compare to React?
Why did software companies cut jobs in India?
What OS is suitable for a freshmen software developer?
Which company is the best for a software developer engineer?
Does BITS offer undergraduate software engineering (SWE) instead of CSE? I can't find details on the internet.
Being an introvert, can one be successful in the software industry?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
Are there any guys who have a great physique and are working at Google as a software developer?
How is open source developed?
For engineers who left their job to pursue an MBA, how is life after an MBA?
Does Yammer hire entry level software engineers?
What are the new skills/areas that are relevant for software developer and have scope in future considering the changing IT trend these days?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
Following the path of self-education in CS and being a JavaScript developer, when can I consider myself a software engineer?
What do people prefer to buy: a 'device' (i.e. smartphone/software embedded hardware) or a pure software product (say an operating system)?
How do you could teach an engineer to use a software easily through training?
What is the present situation of a software industry? Do Trump’s decisions affect Indian software industries?
What is the cheapest software company you have ever seen?
What are the characteristics of software development outsourcing?
What is the salary package of an IT software engineer after 6 years?
Is it possible to find a degreed software developer in Sandton, Johannesburg?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays in Canada?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Should I major in computer science, cyber security or software engineering?
What can I do to improve my work life? I’ve been a software developer for over 6 years in the Bay Area. I have completed my master’s in CS.
What should I do to become a software tester or developer?
Why does Snapchat pay its new grad software engineers more than Google or Facebook?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Which is the best software for making FPS?
How can I get a job at an American software company from Nigeria?
What's the opportunity for placement in a software company for a mechanical engineer bachelor with knowledge of C and C++?
Which IT software companies in the Noida region are open to career opportunities from the summer to autumn season of 2017?
Being a software release engineer, what are the skills required to equip myself for future growth?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays?
Is 12th needed for software engineering jobs?
What are the key considerations before selecting a software development company?
What are the features of software engineering?
How can a software engineer tap into AI/DL sector?
Why doesn't an audio player have any trouble when playing audio directly from an interleaved video file?
Till which age, generally, do software developers code in India and the USA?
Are we living in a golden age for software engineer compensation?
How much is a freelance mobile appliance tester paid?
What is the best self learning path to going from noob to software engineer?
Which degree is most suitable between a Bachelor’s of CIS and a B.Sc IT majoring in CS & Physics if I desire to be a software engineer in the business world?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
How do you reverse engineer an app/software?
What is the cost of developing an intra website messaging function, like what you see on LinkedIn? Also, which software is used?
What course should be done to enter into a good manager/admin role in IT, without being technical or a developer (coding or language)?
Can I apply for internships based on my studies at the Harvard Extension School (graduate certificate in software engineering)?
Is having a meal twice daily good for software engineers?
How do I make a software for visualisation?
Will Deep Algo allow non-coders to visualize complex code? Will such an innovation disrupt and greatly reduce the need for software developers?
Does cloud computing really need a software developer to work?
What is the fastest way to get a list of Twitter user ID's that are active in a past year, i.e. 2015 or is it even possible?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
What are the government exams/jobs available for software engineers?
How can an experienced software professional use his skills to contribute to society in India?
Which software testing institute is best at Hyderabad and also providing placements?
How do I get an internship in Sokrati as a software development engineer?
How can I become more confident as an independent software developer?
What will the future of the software testing industry be considering automation and cloud computing?
Where can I find lists of accessible software, e.g. Section 508, etc., preferably grouped by purpose?
What should I do in my first 90 days at my new job as a software engineer?
Why software industry going down?
Can I do software engineering after 12th commerce with computer science?
What is the best way to find a mentor/partner to learn software development? Is there a platform/community for it?
How do Indonesian software (web/mobile) agencies develop software? What current frameworks, tools, etc. do they use?
Is it worth it for an IT fresher to join RAPS iTECH, Chandigarh for the post of Associate software engineer?
Why was Wintel software created?
What do you like about the Product Engineering role at Quora?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
How come applications like WhatsApp and Telegram don't run out of online storage with their huge amounts of traffic daily?
What's the toughest challenge for a Product Manager developing software products?
What are the properties of software testing services?
What group can I take for going in software field?
Is Sundar Pichai a software engineer or a software developer?
Can you help me answer this interview question- “How will you hire 50 software engineers in 6 months?”
How do I find a junior backend position?
Which software is used for modeling a building?
How bad are the worst software engineers at top companies like Google and Facebook?
Should I choose the computer science field, the data science field, or both?
I want to be a software developer, should I start with CS50 or a coding bootcamp?
What is the difference between the Indian development model and the western development model?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
What if the software developer plans to join a government job? Is this a good idea or just a bad one.
Why are most of the junior software developers pushed for more work for a little amount of money compared to other positions in the same industry?
I got a job as a software tester but didn't negotiate my salary. 4 months in and it's really difficult for me. When/How should I renegotiate?
What are the possibilities for an MTech post graduate from electrical engineering to start a career in software testing if their age is 28 years old?
How can an on-the-spot slow thinker (when speaking in person/voice communication) become a manager or a lead software engineer?
How do you use math as a software engineer?
What are some crucial concepts to learn before the call letter to a software job arrives?
What is automation in software industry?
What is the starting salary for a software engineer at Google?
How can I leverage my natural aptitude for teaching and tutoring as a software engineer?
Do Indian software companies also work with Russian clients?
How can I join ISRO? I am a software performance tester but I want to serve the nation within satellite technology.
Has OMSCS helped anyone make a career change from "run of the mill" job of software development to areas like self-driven cars, AI, robotics etc?
Do software development contractors need an ABN in Australia?
What are the top richest software companies of 2017?
Does Cognizant allow a 2-year gap in engineering for a software developer?
What is the significance of gPROMS software?
What new software is needed for the Indian market?
How does software development life in Sweden compare to the USA?
Which are the top province in Canada for software testing jobs?
What is the expected salary for an ASP.NET MVC software engineer with 1 year of experience in Chennai and Bangalore?
What qualification is required for a software tester in Dubai?
What are my prospects if I undertake software engineering as a career?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
What is the best course to do for a software engineer in IT?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
What is it like working as a software engineering VP at JP Morgan, Bangalore?
How good is Wintel software?
How do I improve in software development if I'm very good in competitive programming?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
What options for self development (MBA/Diploma) does a software engineer with 5 years experience have in Pune?
How does one get into a career of software security?
How is software all about abstractions?
At what stage are a sequence diagram, a use-case diagram, and a data flow diagram made in the software engineering process?
How is the software engineering branch in SRM KTR?
What is the average salary of a software development manager at Amazon in Seattle?
What is the software engineer job market like in Portland, OR?
As a software developer, is it ok to feel exhausted and tired of learning new technical skills?
What kind of tool would increase the communication in software development?
How can I apply to the Google company as a QA engineer?
What should I do to make a career in software development?
It has been in the news that IT jobs are being cut down. I have taken software engineering. What should I do?
How do I change the language of a software program?
Why is it harder for a woman to land that software developer job?
What are the ways for a science graduate with no IT background to pursue a career within the IT industry (especially software and app development) in Ontario?
What is it like to work on Keurig's engineering team?
As an undergraduate petroleum engineering student what type of software do I need to know?
When should one start the Firehose Project?
How can I write effective code?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
Which blogs should I follow on Medium as a software engineer?
When a developer deploys a code into a server, then how does the tester test it?
What rank in the JEE Mains should you have for going into software engineering?
Do software developers copy code from their colleagues?
How do micro-services scale on the AWS Elasticbeanstalk platform?
What exactly happens to software when someone cracks or patches it?
What are some idea for a SMART system for a senior college project?
Why are software developers more brilliant than testers?
Why do software engineers/developers insist on working extra hours with no additional pay?
How would software developers like to find their next jobs?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
Is doing a software course from Jetking worth it?
I have experience in SQL database technical support. I want to switch my profile to software testing. What should I do?
What are the other jobs that software programmers can do if they lose their job due to recession or any other reason?
What is the best software for developing games?
What will be the future of a software tester in coming years?
Is it possible to re-start a career in IT at age 46? I have a MS in software engineering but worked in management and only have a year of coding.
Which company should I join after 2.5 years of experience as a Mainframe developer, Deloitte or Broardrige Financial services?
I'm searching for software developer job and failing consistently from 4 months, how can I land into software developer job?
Does software engineering include all of web, desktop, and mobile applications development?
How can I enhance my coding skill to be a software developer?
What is the math that I need to know as a software engineer?
What does it mean for a software to be all about abstractions?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
What is some software that’s related to civil engineering?
What is the role of quality engineer and software engineer in terms of software quality engineering?
How many days does a software work?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Teradata ?
What are the key considerations of software development outsourcing?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
What is the difference between software development and web development?
As a software engineer, what are your tips for effective time management?
Why does Google restrict access to software developing docs, services, etc., for Iranian programmers while Microsoft doesn't?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
Can I get a master’s degree in computer science after a bachelor’s degree in software engineering?
What are some smart goals for a module quality software engineer?
How can I determine which career- data science, data analysis, or software development- would be the best fit for my personality?
Why most programmers prefer Mac rather they can get better performance by paying less ?
Is there a good software engineer who doesn't know Java?
What percentage of software engineers do large tech companies employ?
How is Cassandra used in building reactive streams systems?
Is software engineering a meritocratic field?
Is full-stack developer just a fancy name for programmer?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
I'm a software engineer in the Bay Area. What is the best way to find mentorship?
What is industrialization systems in terms of software domain?
What is it like to write software, actual real software, in real time?
What is fundamental engineer?
What are some cool things software engineers do to their homes?
What does killing net neutrality mean in regards to job security for those employed as software/web developers?
How is SLK software for freshers?
Is there an opening in Zaloni Guwahati for software testing?
How does one show leadership on a software team?
How are employment opportunities in Halifax, particularly for IT manual testers?
What could convince me to go for software and systems engineering rather than electronics engineering for a master’s study?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
What new innovations should mechanical engineering software definitely have?
Is teaching software programming a conflict of interest for software engineers?
What are the different phases of the Unified software Development Process?
Is there any one who resigned from a software job without any valid reason and got a job again after a year gap?
How can I find a paid internship in the USA? I am currently pursuing an MS in software engineering in Germany.
What are the development tools for multi-touch presentation walls?
Can network security engineers or network engineers earn 50 lpa after 5 years of their starting their careers as software engineers?
What is your advice for a software developer who learnt how to code and build projects, but did not build projects to get a job?
Do operations research analysts program daily? Are they lifelong learners like software applications developers?
Bloomberg or Google NYC: which is the better place for a software engineer to work in NYC?
Why does Juval Lowy think microservices will be the biggest flop in software?
Why is my external hard disk not loading?
Are tech networking meetups a good place to get connected to entry-level jobs?
How can I start a career as a software engineer when I have no degree and experience in this field?
In software shops, what tough questions did you face when working with clients, and how did you respond?
How do I prepare for a senior application developer interview at Thoughtworks?
Can a pregnant woman change jobs easily in the software industry?
After finishing my first year of computer science, what group projects can I contribute to and where?
What are some of the countries with the weakest software development skills?
What are some companies in India that pay a good package to embedded software developer freshers?
Why is software complex to build?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
What are the qualification required for fresher to get a software?
How can I move out of a consulting and management role in IT services to a software engineering role?
Will people lose their jobs in IT companies due to automation in software?
Why don't the 150 countries and the owners of 300,000 machines put a stop to hackers requiring ransom payments, by buying security software that works?
How was Systems Tool Kit developed?
Can I become self taught software engineer?
How do you learn math for software engineering?
What is the role of a software associate engineer in Capgemini for RDBMS?
How do I get a software idea developed if I am not a developer?
Can a software engineer become an international tour guide?
How can a software developer get a product management job at Facebook, Google etc.?
How much do Indian software testing engineers get paid onsite in the US?
Should I call myself a developer since I started it 1 year ago?
What's the best industrial development product?
Why do loan offering guys always ask If I am working in the software industry? How does it make a difference to them?
What do CS engineers do?
If one wants to become a computer developer, what are the steps to get there (from a young age like 12)?
How do I sustain a software job in automation and digital?
How is working as software developer with Morgan Stanley as contractor a safe career?
Which is the best off-the-shelf community software?
As a self-employed software developer, how long did it take you to earn what you previously made in your day job?
How do I decide the beam orientation in Patran software?
How can I make software like Jarvis?
How is the Rajesh Patkar Institute of Software Engineering in Mumbai?
How can I follow software engineers on Quora?
Can you tell me how to make any software learn start?
How much information do you divulge when trying to find people to work on a software or new cloud product with worrying someone may steal it from you?
Who should you pay more, the back end engineer who creates web APIs or the engineer who architects and develops the front end?
What are the responsibilities of a software project manager?
What is the salary of a senior software developer in Credit Suisse in Raleigh?
What are the best sources to keep updated about software engineer news?
If any company is looking for online exam software. What are the parameters they should look for?
What do you need to know/do in order to stand out as a software engineer?
What are some of the interesting topics in the research field of computer science for a student taking his master’s degree to choose from?
In order to become a great software developer, should I start with algorithms or should I go into programming first?
How is the scope, salary-wise, for a software tester in the fund accounting domain (IT industry)?
Can I get software engineering in the SRM main campus with a rank of 31k?
How do I save a range after docking with Hex 8 software?
Where do you start in building a software dev. company?
Will there be too many software engineers?
What kind of skills are required for manual testing, and what are the role and responsibilities of a software tester?
What are some cool applications/software you should know?
What country gives the highest salary for software engineering?
Do you know of any software company that does scientific computing in India?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
Can I use my experience as a software engineer to be admitted into Stanford?
What software or process do you use to validate online a new branch location?
What is software automation and how it can affect a hard core coder?
Can a Google employee change his department from marketing to software? Are there any internal job postings?
I have just passed my MBBS. I'm doing good in this field. But I'm very much attracted toward physics stuff. What should I do?
What skills should a software developer acquire in order to avoid getting laid off?
What are my chances of finding a part-time programming job while getting a master's?
What is the nature of the work of embedded systems software engineers?
How many years should we have to work to get a good salary in the software field?
In Java, why does @Override fail for static methods?
Why would you want to make unsafe calls in Kotlin?
Is there any way to stay calm and focused while working with some ugly and stupid people in the software industry?
Is there any Flowchart software for Linux recommended?
Can I pursue an MS in MIS if I have a bachelor's in science and a software engineering certificate (3-year course) from NIIT?
When does Accenture start their campus drive for associate software engineers from the current batch that is passing out?
What branch should I take in engineering if I don't want to do desk job? I’d rather invent new designs, software, etc.
Has anyone ever applied to a software engineer role in person?
When should LinkedList be used over arrays?
What will the best project topic be on software that I can use to make attractive and useful software?
What are some examples of software products that lost market share when the need was addressed further up the stack (i.e. in the OS, for example)?
Should I go with computer science as many software engineers are being fired from companies recently?
Does software testing require any coding knowledge?
What kind of software applications should I develop in advanced Java to get a job in Amazon?
Is a first over a 2:1 in Computer Science worth the effort?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
What are some tips you would give your past self when you were just getting into software development?
What will be the effect on product based software companies in India if huge lay-offs happen, as described in some articles?
What software/tools do you recommend for non-software Product Management?
What is the salary for a senior software engineer in PwC Australia?
What else can be done when you have been to a software training institute?
How can a software developer join the cybersecurity field as a developer?
What are some of the Google's top open source​ projects​ where we can contribute​?
What is the difference between internships and new grad position in Software Engineering?
Who is a senior software engineer? At what point do you know you are a senior software engineer? Are there really any checklists?
How do I start my carrier as software developer?
What skills are expected from a software engineering manager with field experience of 20 years?
Alan Kay, could you give an example of when software development has driven hardware development?
What are the common things that excellent engineers do every day?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
What should a software engineer learn to be at the managing level?
How do I start over as a software engineer?
What happens when you are placed in cognizant as a software developer?
Is a bachelor in division software engineering department of innovative information and technology the same with a bachelor in software engineering?
Is it true that nearly one lakh software engineers have been laid off by companies? Will this affect employment opportunities in the next two years?
What are the new skills/areas worth learning for a .NET software developer, that has a scope for the future?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
Does Amazon use Minitab software?
How common is it for a workplace to use the Joel Test?
Other than calculus, what fundamental math topics should a software engineer know?
How do I spend my time while looking for software development job?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
What qualities do I need to call myself a software developer?
To what extent does solving problems in competitive programming look like solving real life problems in software engineering and development position?
Is it better to study hardware or software?
In the software industry, how important is the role of a technical product manager? Is this role still relevant and does it have scope?
What are some very old software you still use?
What are the things I should know in Python in order to work in Google as a Python software engineer?
If I apply to a tech company in another state, what's the interview process?
What solutions does a software development company provide?
What are the checkpoints before selecting software development outsourcing?
What are the placements like for an integrated MTech in software engineering at VIT?
What are the key consideration before choosing offshore software development services?
Why is it important to invest in software testing services?
Which tech companies are middle to lower-middle class-focused?
Is it a good move to join from Cisco (automation tool development) to Nokia Networks (as a solution architect)?
Is a specialisation in HCI a good option for a software engineer?
What software does one need to code?
How are joins supported by SQL but not in NoSQL databases?
What is the difference between computer engineering, software engineering and IT engineering?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
How can we survive in software testing in today's IT industry, because most of the software testing employees are fired?
How does a senior software engineer with Java background get a job in Tower Research Capital?
What should be the RAM for engineering to run software like SolidWorks?
Are software engineers paid higher, on average, than any other technical field?
What group should I take on the 11th to become a software engineer?
Do developers who are good at algorithms and DS earn more?
What are the most important software and programmes for a civil planning engineer?
What set up do you use as a software developer?
Will the Indian software industry hire a 50-year-old software engineer if he happens to start his career at that time?
How many types of agile software testing are there?
Is there a way to connect stripe to intercom?
Can anybody be a software developer with coding knowledge?
What algorithms and data structures are included for software students?
How many people working in Amdocs would refer a fresher software engineer if I ask for reference here on Quora?
Which is the most useful and common software in Canada?
Is it good to learn workflow/BPM tools for a developer/coder with 5+ years of experience?
How do I add a software license to a file?
What is the importance of back end systems?
What are the top free tools for software testers?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
Should I choose software engineering or computer science?
How can you buy an old IBM software product?
To what extent do software engineers need to understand computer and electrical hardware?
What are other career choices for a Software Engineer on H1B visa?
How can I change my career from mechanical engineering to embedded software engineering?
Is it worth leaving law school for a degree in software development?
Does a degree or experience talk better in software engineering, as well as to be a part of reputed companies?
Is it true that most people working in core companies (electrical, mechanical or electronics) switch to software companies to settle their life?
How would you build something like Github Gists?
Are software developers proud of the software that they have done after the submission of the projects?
Is knowledge of designing softwares necessary for doing MS in motorsports?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
What is the interview process of RBS for the software engineer position for those who already have some experience in J2EE?
What does it mean to have experience with a Linux operating system in the job requirements for a software engineering position?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
What is the ideal way to import data in a software?
Will software engineers on SQL exist in the future?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing and now I want to move into data science and do an MS in it. How can I go about this?
How hard is it to reach six digit income in software industries as a fresher?
Can a software licensor withdraw a lifetime licence? What happens to the licensee’s rights?
What are my options in Switzerland as a software engineer?
Which start-ups are hiring software engineers on F1 student visas in the San Francisco Bay area?
How do I become a successful software developer if I don't like programming?
Can a data scientist at Amazon refer for a software engineering position?
What are some other jobs that software programmers can do if he/she loses his/her job due to recession or any unavoidable circumstances?
How hard is it to be recruited by Rakuten, Japan as a software tester working in India for the past 6+ years?
What are your experiences with outsourcing software development, is it cost-effective?
What is chatbot technology in the travel domain?
Which DevOps tool is best for the future?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
How can I switch from a career in software engineering to the cyber security field?
What is Argus software used for?
Will focusing on Android development during college help me get placed in most companies coming for placement drive?
Is it good for a software developer to take up the position of product support engineer in India?
Which is the youngest big technology giant software company in Silicon Valley?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
Are the courses and job opportunities offered by SJSU's MS software engineering special session (off campus) similar to the on-campus MS SE?
As a software engineer, should I focus on getting a multitechnology, jack-of-all-trades kind of experience or master one technology experience?
Is there a tool that lets you mirror a git repository into Google Cloud Storage?
What are the important things that a software engineer need to do daily to improve them technically?
Which university has the best master's degree in software engineering?
What work do software engineer, analyst, and tester do in companies like Capgemini, Cognizant, Infosys?
Can a QA engineer with 1+ year of experience in the software industry go into the hardware industry?
What reverse engineering tools do we have to apply on big code bases to know what they are doing in as much detail as possible?
How can I crack the licence of Redmirchi software?
What are the steps for managing a remote team for software development?
Of all the things that your solution will do, what should you be developing on your own?
What are the other ways to start a company other than software related?
Which book is best to learn design patterns, Head First Design Patterns or Gang of Four?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
What is “modeling”, and what is its importance in software development?
Can I use InterviewBit as a fresher to prepare for software development roles? If so, what do I need to do to get referred?
Do you like fixing bugs?
What are the properties of software development outsourcing?
Which is the best software company in Coimbatore to go for an internship?
What are the trends in software development outsourcing?
How much money do the best software engineers on Wall Street make?
I work as a developer in an IT company. I don't have any backup if I lose my job. What should I do?
Is becoming a BI developer/engineer a lucrative career move?
Do AI consultants themselves implement the software/code in businesses or is this done by specific AI software developers?
Did you ever meet a software engineer from your company who inspired others to be successful in the IT field?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
How is good for mecanical engineer to work in porcurment?
Which is the best MBA option for 3 years experienced software engineer?
What should I expect from a company as a junior developer out of college?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources by clicking a button in a software?
Why do many engineers switch out of engineering after a few years?
Can an electrical engineer survive in the software industry without knowing C and data structures properly?
Apart from Crossover, can somebody give a list of similar companies that offer remote jobs for software engineers?
How would you redesign the world wide web protocol and formats?
What are the tips to choose software development company?
What does it look like working in a trading firm (like SIG) as a software engineer?
Can I become a software engineer by choosing electronics?
If actuaries have to be lifelong learners, what is it that they're learning? Do they learn at the same pace as software developers?
I am a fresher who is working on a software company for 3 months and I don't think I'll get enough exposure here what should I do?
Can I work at a place with a lot of engineers at the age of 15?
What is the field of maths most required during software/game development?
How do I integrate WebRTC with VR?
What problems can be solved with software solultions in the Philippines?
Which is better, software engineering at Google in the US or being an IAS officer in India?
How do I better design a software system architecture?
What does an ideal day look like for a trainee software engineer in a small company?
Which company is a better career progression and more satisfying job for a software graduate in the UK: Morgan Stanley or a small-medium software company?
What is meant by stub testing?
What software skills are in demand in Canada?
Which field has more growth: digital marketing or software development?
What factors should we consider before selecting a software development company?
How can augmented reality be useful in the travel industry?
I suddenly hate programming but I can't get any job other than software development, what should I do?
I have an accounting background. Should I change to QA tester for the ease to work from home? I am a mother of two and had a two year hiatus.
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Which one is good to join, Infosys or CGI? Both are offering kind of the same packages for senior software engineers.
What are the best locations for me to advance as a software developer? How about emerging places?
NVIDIA CEO, Jensen Huang said: "Software Is eating the world, but AI Is going to eat software.” Should we think of this as a platform change?
How do I find a good software development company?
How do I a get promine software for education purpose?
How have the traditional Marxist ideas of 'property owners' and 'workers' changed with the advent of business software?
Are the electrical engineers get job in software companies?
How do I move out of software engineering to a product/business/strategy role?
What is scope of CodeIgniter in the software industry?
When should a software engineer switch jobs?
Where can I find out more about Access, the Office software?
Will AMCAT exam help to find a software engineer job in this present situation?
How difficult will it be to modify and use Uber software stack for asteriod mining?
What is the process to get into any PSU as a software engineer having 3+ years of experience?
Which is the best software for a beginner to learn for entering into the VFX industry?
How does Microsoft train newly hired CS graduates for their development projects?
What are your recommendations on how to onboard DevOps engineers?
What are the technical details that occur during software installation?
Where should utility/helper functions be placed in an Angular2 app?
Is it normal for a licensor to request for inspection of source code?
What are the other options for BtecIT other than software companies?
Are there any software companies in Kerala?
I'm working as a software engineer in an organization. I always wanted to be a pilot. Is it possible for me to switch my career?
Is there a software application for solving propositional logic problems?
Is there any paid software than can track inventory for resources allocated for a project to different sites rather than for sales?
Our software development company in the US, with around 60 people, is looking for a performance management system. What are some good online software options?
How can I get a job at a Canadian software company from Nigeria?
Is there a master’s degree in software testing?
What is a good software engineer’s, e.g working at Google, etc. usual net worth by the age of 55?
Which is a better company amongst 'ThoughtWorks', 'Qualys', 'SAS', 'NetCracker' to join as a software engineer?
Why do software engineers need to know algorithms?
Is any software engineer working in a completely different industry, and if so, why?
Which is a better, a master’s in software engineering or a master’s in MIS?
Can a self taught excellent (who can prove he's better than others in coding & did many projects) college dropout software engineer get a job in India?
Which is the better field for an engineer, finance or software?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
Can a software developer in India move to tech sales and have a successful career? (I have 3 years of experience in development.) Are there any suggestions for doing this?
Which is Zuckerberg’s software for kids to learn coding?
What is the key thing to learn in social engineering?
What is the best way to obtain a value on jet aircraft parts? Is there software for this, or is it best to just get on the horn and call around?
What is AN Software?
Should I appear for IELTS again, or try for an Australian 189 visa?
Is it possible to assess the quality of software if the customer keeps changing the functional requirements?
Which software should you have to practice for CCNA?
How many types of software are there?
How many hours in average do software engineers, Developers, or coders code in a day? Do developers code 8 hours every day?
What is digital repository software?
If I sincerely want to be a web developer, where do I start?
What is the difference between normalization and joins?
What are the best resources on the topic of website performance optimization?
How do I get a software developer job in Korea?
What are some good tricks to identify dead code?
Can we copy any paid software?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
How can I earn more than 20 lpa as a college dropout and self-taught software engineer in India?
Since in India everyone is crazy about CSE, how does one know if it’s his passion or if he is just following the herd?
How can some programmers read the code and fix problems very easily in a big software stack, like a networking protocol stack?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
What skills nowadays are required for being a software engineer?
Is it wise for a software engineer working in a top tier product company (Amazon, Google or Microsoft) to go for an MBA at one of the top IIMs, FMS, or XLRI?
Who replaced CMMI for the development of quality systems for software development companies?
What skills would justify a promotion from mid- to senior-level for a DevOps engineer?
What are the characteristics of a software development company?
Does Juno have a public API?
Is direct addressing mode better than indirect addressing mode?
What are the pros and cons of becoming a college dropout from a non-CS branch to learn with passion as a self-taught software engineer?
What is Ransomware software and who develops them?
Why should I study science math to become a software engineer?
How should a software developer plan his life after 40 years of age?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
How can I get a job developing vehicle software?
What language should I first learn for software development? How should I carry on from there?
What is the profile of software engineers in Silicon Valley who got a minimum of $50k USD as sign-on bonuses (since 2012)?
How do I start up a software company and how do I get projects?
Which one should I choose, a football player contract for Real Madrid team A or a software engineer offer from Google?
Which are the software testing tools institutes use in Pune?
Do American companies and startups hire Europeans with Bachelor's degree in CS for software engineering jobs?
Which one is better, a site reliability engineer or a system architect in big data?
If an application uses NLP to analyze user text, and then to return images accordingly, would this use of NLP fall into the AI category?
What are the benefits of using a tailoring software?
Which colleges are good for an MSc in software engineering (five-year integrated course) in Tamil Nadu?
How can I get into Google as a software developer?
How can I become an ESL teacher from a software engineer?
Would it be a problem if I spend a whole night to learn new stuff and work on software projects instead of taking care of my 2 month old daughter?
Which should I choose for ECE - software or core?
Is it a good idea to move away from the California Bay Area to live in London if I work in the software industry?
Am I a software engineer if I know how to use AppInventor to build apps?
Does software engineers make a lot of money compared to other jobs like doctors, attorneys, and bank investments?
Which field is better, networking or software?
What tech companies pay for employees’ part-time master’s?
How is the MS research course in CS/software engineering at IIIT Bangalore?
Which are the countries that offer low-cost software development in Southeast Asia?
Is there a rule of thumb to estimate the calculations your software will require to let you decide if you need a supercomputer or not before coding?
How can I join the SAIT division? I am currently placed as software engineer in SRI, Bangalore starting in July.
I want to join Brainware Computers for a PG course in software engineering. Will it be a good decision?
Is UMT, Lahore, best for software engineering?
Have you ever seen someone change from a weak software developer to a Google level software developer in only 1 year?
How do I generate reports using a school system software?
How can I change my career from project management to software engineering for embedded systems?
How do I analyze semi-rigid joints in a beam-to-beam connection using ETABS?
What is the dress code of engineers in various software companies?
How did you get into game development? What advice would you give to a newbie who wants to transition from writing software to developing games?
Why is AUTOSAR good for suppliers that supply both hardware and software together?
What should programmers know about AWS to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
How do I get into MS in CS at IIITH after 2 years of experience in software at MNC?
Can I work independently after becoming a software developer?
Is it hard for a new CS grad with a good GPA and no internships to get a job? How about in Los Angeles?
Who carried out the world's largest hacking attack on 12 May 2017?
What would be an equivalent salary in Vancouver for a software consulting manager who is making $130k in Minneapolis?
Which content should be included in a software-testing portfolio?
Do software engineers ever regret their profession?
What's the difference between a support engineer and DevOps engineering roles at Amazon?
What advice do you think is important for software designers in 2017?
Is this the right time to switch jobs in the software industry?
Is it worth it to switch to Salesforce development after 8 years and 6 months of experience in software testing/test automation/QA?
What should I do if my part time job affects my studies?
What are the steps that I should take in order to become an engineer’s apprentice with no experience?
What should I do to get the most out of a web dev internship with a very low-quality code base? My boss does not want to do a major refactor and redesign.
Should I become a software engineer or not?
Is software testing dead?
What is the best/most effective outreach a corporate recruiter has approached mid level to sr. Java software engineers in the NYC area with?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing. I am willing to migrate to Canada and switch to different domain such as banking. Is it possible?
What is the software industry like in Pakistan? How is Pakistan doing in this field, compared to India?
What is the code base for Facebook?
How can I meet an Indian software developer?
If I move to New Zealand will it be easy to find a job in software development?
What should travel agencies do in order to stay ahead of the competition?
Where can I get the HN-NonLin V1.1 software? It is a free software program, but I am not able to find it.
What are important theories a good software engineer better learn?
How can one become well versed with software like FactStage?
Which software developers do I know to trust with my legally unprotected idea?
Which design software is best for an environmental engineer?
Why do we disproportionately compensate software developers, when high-level language coding is no more special or rare than design or research?
What is your opinion on working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
What are the similarities between hardware and software, and what are the differences?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
Where is Uber’s software development centre in Bangalore?
Can I develop an Android application like the Matrix Lab software with the same features?
What IQ do you need to have to work for a big tech company as a software developer?
Is Oracle CPQ a good or bankable skill to learn and make a career in the current IT market for a software engineer?
What is the best software for a domain shop?
Which tool category provides the benefit of covering the entire software development life cycle?
What software development processes are used in a university laboratory that is a small group?
What is meant by software and hardware?
What do you think of Aress Software?
What is the usual total compensation per year for a software engineer to work at Google, in Silicon Valley, and on Wall Street?
What is the way to get in to the top USA based software companies while working from India?
What is the role of a software developer in Infosys? Do they really develop or just copy-paste from Google?
Why, in a DC machine, is a field testing method called field testing?
Would getting a System Administrator job in college help me land a Software Engineering role afterwards?
Which company provides the good educational software?
Is it better to become a software developer now or in the future?
Is there any API to get a list of all software companies?
Is it true that software engineers can only work until the age of 35/40 because they then get fired by their companies?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
I am looking for a real life example of DevOps? What shall I be doing as a DevOps engineer at my desk?
What kind of interview will it be in Cornerstone OnDemand for a senior software engineer from Bangalore?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
As a career, which platform is best: SAP BW or software testing?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a network engineer?
How can I earn 10-15L rupees per month as a software engineer?
What percentage of software engineers (with at least 5 years of experience) in the Bay Area in CA require visa sponsorships or H1B transfers?
Does test-driven development slow down software development?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
Have you ever been rejected for a software engineer role even though you have a good portfolio?
What are the programming software an ECE engineer should learn in order to get a good package?
Should a data scientist be able to produce software?
Is it too old to become a software tester at 35 years old?
Should I accept an offer for a full-time job from Yelp or Amazon as a Software Developer?
What are the best techniques ever used in industry for software testing?
What is the difference between software testing and software inspection?
How would the future be for a tester in Salesforce?
What is the difference between regression, sanity and smoke testing?
What are the programmes offered for the VIT M.Tech software engineering integrated programme?
What are the processes VAPT testing companies follow?
Are new TN visas still being issued for software engineers or is all that on a stand-still now?
What if Oracle software acquired Yahoo! or Opera software?
Which courses should I opt in my college? I want to become a software/game developer.
What is the best technology/software to switch from ITIS (2-year exp.) to a developer role?
Is software engineering dying? Should it be called IT engineering?
How can I become a smartphone designer in companies (I mean the design not software design)?
Can you become a software engineer through computer science?
I want to be a software engineer in a year; how can one start with his own course?
How can I improve my focus, become less lazy and more organized?
How do I move from a software quality engineer profile to software pre sales?
I have just cleared my class 12 and have joined a good college with CSE. How should I improve my programming (or technical) skills?
Is there a company to certify software architecture?
What is the role of a tester and developer in the software industry?
Currently I am working as Qa engineer but I want to change my career and be a software developer.How should I proceed to achieve this?
What resume format should a fresher use for being a software engineer?
Are applications and software both the same?
Is the Google Summer of Code really worth it? Is it over-hyped?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources just by clicking a submit button in a software?
How was Diane Hartley’s career effected by her contribution to NYC’s safety?
How can I know if I'm ready for a software engineering position?
What is the difference between a FP precision implementation in Hardware vs software?
Which software companies do not care about academic records?
Which planets are responsible for good software engineers, in astrology?
Is there any way to conduct performance analysis on software systems before implementation?
As a software developer, how much of your day would you say is spent productively?
Has anyone working in software/IT moved from Bangalore to Delhi/NCR? What was your experience?
How can one learn software engineering from knowing nothing to being a pro online?
Which is the best site for learning software testing?
What is the best software to design a watch from scratch?
What is future of a non-technical manager in an IT company? Is there a slow death of people managers in IT?
Should I continue my software engineer job in the IT field in India in 2017?
Can I become a software devoloper and a web developer?
What's the difference between a DevOps engineer and a back-end developer? If so, what are their roles and what should one have studied?
How is data stored and retrieved on a disk?
I have been programming for 2 months & have a highly experienced software engineer willing to mentor me regularly. How can I best utilize their help?
Is a BSc is required to get a good job as a software developer?
What is the best career choice for a software developer having an MBA from a prestigious business school?
How do I become a software engineering team lead fast?
Is it easy to change jobs from being an IT consultant to being a software developer?
Do star sports require software engineers?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
How likely will it be in 4-6 years for a computer science major to get a job as a software engineer? How will the pay look?
MS in Computer Science (specialization: Data Analytics) in University of Houston or MS in software Engineering in SJSU?
What is UML its tools and types?
Will AI eventually cannibalize the software industry?
Which of the following are available in an SRS document?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Is screen capture editing a good idea for a final-year software engineering project?
How are software and hardware implemented in educational institutions?
How does QA help you to release your software faster?
What are some good video tutorials on design patterns in C++, Java and Python?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
How can I learn embedded software?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What is effort in software engineering?
Are microservices the best option to avoid technical debt?
Does a computer engineering major have the necessary education to work as a software developer?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
How do I utilize my time during my job as a software developer? As I am distract from my aim.
Does the position of "software engineer" include too much coding and development, or is it all about analyzing the apps’ requirements and structure?
Is there any good Ophthal software?
What (formal) effort estimation techniques are commonly used in software development projects these days?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
What are the most well-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
What is the qualification for software engineer?
Which offer should I accept - a product support engineer at Sprinklr, or a software engineer at Continental R&D?
What are the best-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer? And what is the growth for the QA role?
What are some good project ideas for a software development project for the last year?
What are the prerequisites to become a software tester?
What is your experience working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
Why do Google software engineers look like God compared to normal developers?
Can you work in a software company after doing a non-software btech like mechanical or EEE and an MBA?
Is it possible to get a license as a software engineer with a BTech in electrical?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
Is it good to join BMC Software, Pune as a product developer (R&D) with 4 years of experience?
Which language should I learn to speak as a software engineer which would be an advantage for me in the future?
What is the ZoomRX interview process for a software development engineer?
What are the characteristics of software testing services?
Do software developers often take long leave to learn new technical skills?
What is Amazon Ireland's official or unofficial dress code? What is the rough criteria for evaluating a candidate for a software developer job?
I graduated a year ago and currently working. I am interested in software development but want to brush up my skills. Can I apply for internship?
What are the opportunities for a software developer with design and animation skills?
I feel like I should go for Data Science and sometimes for software engineering as I love data structure and algorithms. What should I choose?
How do I move from a systems admin profile to software development?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
How much do the people running their own small software companies in India make?
What is the difference between a software developer and a software programmer? Which job is the best one to get?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore with 3 months of experience in the same field?
How do I get a job in two days at a software company with no experience? I completed graduation in 2011.
Are web developers software engineers?
How can I build a 3D video streaming app for Android?
Does Google provide jobs only for software engineers?
Why are there more layoffs in the software field?
What are the properties of offshore software development services?
Is there any scope for a piping isometric drawing software developer?
Is it a wise choice for a manual tester to take up a production support job?
Is it possible for a civil graduate having 2 years experience as a software engineer at Oracle to get good universities for MS abroad?
What are the basic requirements of a multi school software solution?
What are the biggest demands in the Silicon Valley job market of software engineers?
How can the absence of good software engineering practice affect software product development?
Traditional tester vs Agile tester – What are the differences?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer?
What is the CAD software that’s used by the automobile companies in Bangalore?
With the same experience, who will get paid more, a software engineer, a security researcher, or a data scientist?
Should I quit my job as a software engineer now?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a QA in software testing/development?
How does one keep in touch with research while working as a software developer in the industry?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
What is better: technology developer or project owner?
What are the software a biomedical engineer should learn?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
When planning a software project schedule, how much time should I reserve for writing tests?
What is involved in a software developer aptitude test?
Which certification should I go for? I graduated in CS, having 2.7 years of work experience, plus a diploma in software engineering.
How can I find a software architect in Zurich?
How would you describe the life cycle of software and how development is done to a non-technical person?
Which one is easy, software engineering or engineering?
Is the warranty voided if we choose the developer option?
Will getting a certificate in computer science help me land a job as a web developer and/or as a software engineer?
What is a good, complete book on software engineering?
What is the salary for a software engineer in Bangalore?
How do I clear the HSBC recruitment process for a trainee software engineer?
Is a software developer job the right choice?
What companies in India offer software engineering jobs that involve traveling abroad?
What kind of problems do AI solve today and what will be the role of software engineer in an AI based software world?
Is there software where we can give the name of the products with its rate and its ease of use?
What job should I choose during hard times for software and IT?
What is the best vendor rating software?
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
How do software companies in the medical industry support their customers when seeing the data on a user's screen would be a violation of HIPAA?
How can someone who is not from the IT field become a software test engineer?
Why do software professionals lose interest in their careers when they hit their 40′s?
What do you look for in a PMS software if you rent apartments, villas, rooms, etc.? What does the software need to have, and what can you live without?
How can a software restrict your computer from accessing other things?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
Which career is better salary-wise, a software developer or CCIE security?
What is Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering (CPRE)? How it can help you as a software engineer?
Is startup acquisition a long-term and better subfield in the software industry than software development is?
What are the proxy software tools?
Has anyone graduated with a second bachelor’s degree in software development and security from UMUC? What are some tips on how to ace each subject?
What does the software engineering and development market need nowadays according to databases knowledge and skills, and how to learn this fast?
What are some good Canadian carrier related online discussion forums to join, for the software engineering field, as a professional?
What is the maximum salary of Google India software developer from fresher to 10 years of experience?
How much will competitive programming benefit my software engineering career?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
Is struggling with engineering problems (Computer Science, Maths, Physics) improves the brain (Critical thinking, problem solving abilities)?
When software engineers leave big technology giants in the USA like Google, MS, Amazon, and Apple, do those companies give an employment experience certificate?
How do I change careers from the QE department to software development?
What's the difference between a developer, programmer, and software engineer?
Can a mathematician work as a software developer?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Cape Town (Milnerton)?
What are the academic qualifications required to become a software engineer at Google or Microsoft?
What will the effect on product-based software companies in India be if huge layoffs happen as described in some articles?
Can I study CS while majoring in something else and still have software developing skills?
Where can we get the best quality QA test cases?
Which is a better job, an IBPS/SBI PO or a software engineer in TCS?
Is it a good idea to use Java developers as testers for black-box testing of bugs/tasks?
What are the different cognitive styles best suited for software engineering vs. data science?
How did you learn the last/current software product in your project?
What are the best software used for developing hyper redundant robots with multiple degrees of freedom?
Alan Kay, how have engineers you respect implemented your advice to build their own hardware and software?
What is the most complex software you have built?
What approach (CMMI, ISO 9001, TickIT, 6Sigma) should I choose as software development quality framework?
How do I become a smart software engineer if I am currently a stupid one?
How does a tester work?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
If there is no software information can I still use StartApp?
What can a software developer do?
What is the best software for knowing the world?
What is Digital Notice Board software?
What are some good career related, online discussion forums to join for the software engineering field, as a professional?
Is there any software that can be useful for project planning?
How can I switch careers from BPO to a software developer or programmer?
How does Google Polymer compare to React?
In the IT industry, which sector has more scope, web designing or software development?
Why did software companies cut jobs in India?
What do all computer engineers, IT engineers and software engineers think of EVM tampering?
What OS is suitable for a freshmen software developer?
Which company is the best for a software developer engineer?
Does BITS offer undergraduate software engineering (SWE) instead of CSE? I can't find details on the internet.
Being an introvert, can one be successful in the software industry?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
Are there any guys who have a great physique and are working at Google as a software developer?
How is open source developed?
For engineers who left their job to pursue an MBA, how is life after an MBA?
Does Yammer hire entry level software engineers?
What are the new skills/areas that are relevant for software developer and have scope in future considering the changing IT trend these days?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
How is it to work in Mahindra Comviva in the post of software engineer-IV?
Which are the software industries in Bangladesh that mostly work with Javascipt technologies?
Following the path of self-education in CS and being a JavaScript developer, when can I consider myself a software engineer?
What do people prefer to buy: a 'device' (i.e. smartphone/software embedded hardware) or a pure software product (say an operating system)?
How do you could teach an engineer to use a software easily through training?
Which platform is better for a career, software testing or SAP BW?
What is the present situation of a software industry? Do Trump’s decisions affect Indian software industries?
What is the cheapest software company you have ever seen?
Is there a practical way of using R which does not require installation of software on a personal computer?
What is the future scope of software development?
What are the characteristics of software development outsourcing?
What is the salary package of an IT software engineer after 6 years?
What type of glass do they use on the exterior of a smartphone camera?
Is it possible to find a degreed software developer in Sandton, Johannesburg?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays in Canada?
Which are the other softwares like anthroplus?
How does one go about translating a real-world idea for an application to a design of RESTful API for it?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Are there a lot of software/web developer jobs for junior devs that aren't posted on the usual job boards? Is there kind of a shadow, personal network thing?
Should I major in computer science, cyber security or software engineering?
What can I do to improve my work life? I’ve been a software developer for over 6 years in the Bay Area. I have completed my master’s in CS.
What should I do to become a software tester or developer?
I want to create a REST API and use it for my mobile application (retrieving simple data). What language and framework would be the best choice?
Why does Snapchat pay its new grad software engineers more than Google or Facebook?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Just got a new laptop, what software should I install for web development?
Which is the best software for making FPS?
With the increase in automation, is the need for developers decreasing? Should I choose my career in software development or data science?
Recently, I joined a software firm with a healthy salary and benefits, but I now don't feel comfortable there. Should I quit or try to continue?
What opportunities will Google's new OS, Fuchsia, bring for mobile app developers?
How do you set up Mac administrator and user/developer accounts?
How can I get a job at an American software company from Nigeria?
What's the opportunity for placement in a software company for a mechanical engineer bachelor with knowledge of C and C++?
Which IT software companies in the Noida region are open to career opportunities from the summer to autumn season of 2017?
Is there any way to search text within screenshots?
What are the most innovative open source software projects related to cybersecurity?
Being a software release engineer, what are the skills required to equip myself for future growth?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays?
Is 12th needed for software engineering jobs?
What are the key considerations before selecting a software development company?
For an aspiring software developer without a CS degree, what certifications will look good on my resume?
What are the features of software engineering?
How can a software engineer tap into AI/DL sector?
What is the salary breakdown (base + RSU + bonus) of a software engineer with a master’s degree and 3 years of work experience in 2017 in the Bay Area?
Why doesn't an audio player have any trouble when playing audio directly from an interleaved video file?
Till which age, generally, do software developers code in India and the USA?
Are we living in a golden age for software engineer compensation?
As a trainee QA engineer, should I learn Python or Java? Which will be more useful for my QA career?
What requirements are available in the SRS document?
How much is a freelance mobile appliance tester paid?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
What is the best self learning path to going from noob to software engineer?
Is web development driving out software development?
How hard is it to grow into a developer role from another department?
Which degree is most suitable between a Bachelor’s of CIS and a B.Sc IT majoring in CS & Physics if I desire to be a software engineer in the business world?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
How do you reverse engineer an app/software?
What is the cost of developing an intra website messaging function, like what you see on LinkedIn? Also, which software is used?
What course should be done to enter into a good manager/admin role in IT, without being technical or a developer (coding or language)?
Can I apply for internships based on my studies at the Harvard Extension School (graduate certificate in software engineering)?
Can I do a computer science/software engineering project related to migraines somehow?
Is having a meal twice daily good for software engineers?
How do I make a software for visualisation?
Will Deep Algo allow non-coders to visualize complex code? Will such an innovation disrupt and greatly reduce the need for software developers?
Would you say programming is easier in modern times?
Is it possible to survive in software industry without passion to learn new technology?
Does cloud computing really need a software developer to work?
What is the fastest way to get a list of Twitter user ID's that are active in a past year, i.e. 2015 or is it even possible?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
What are the government exams/jobs available for software engineers?
How can an experienced software professional use his skills to contribute to society in India?
Which software testing institute is best at Hyderabad and also providing placements?
How do I get an internship in Sokrati as a software development engineer?
How can I become more confident as an independent software developer?
What will the future of the software testing industry be considering automation and cloud computing?
Where can I find lists of accessible software, e.g. Section 508, etc., preferably grouped by purpose?
Is pair programming useful for software startups?
What should I do in my first 90 days at my new job as a software engineer?
Why software industry going down?
Can I do software engineering after 12th commerce with computer science?
What is the best way to find a mentor/partner to learn software development? Is there a platform/community for it?
What should software developers do when they are getting old?
How do Indonesian software (web/mobile) agencies develop software? What current frameworks, tools, etc. do they use?
Why do companies require high-quality software in business systems, industrial process control systems, and consumer products?
Why does Python cover so many software development areas?
Is it worth it for an IT fresher to join RAPS iTECH, Chandigarh for the post of Associate software engineer?
I work as a S/W intern and am interested in S/W development. I have an operations engineer offer but I am also in talks with tier 1 S/W companies. What should I do?
What level of IB subjects (and what subjects) should I take to pursue software engineering in College?
Why was Wintel software created?
What do you like about the Product Engineering role at Quora?
Are software developers going to lose jobs in the industrial revolution 4.0?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
How come applications like WhatsApp and Telegram don't run out of online storage with their huge amounts of traffic daily?
What's the toughest challenge for a Product Manager developing software products?
What are the properties of software testing services?
Is PMI-ACP certification useful outside software development? Are Agile methods useful for, let's say, manufacturing or services?
Which country should one choose in order to do a bachelor’s in software engineering, and at which university?
What group can I take for going in software field?
Is Sundar Pichai a software engineer or a software developer?
Can you help me answer this interview question- “How will you hire 50 software engineers in 6 months?”
How do I find a junior backend position?
Which software is used for modeling a building?
How bad are the worst software engineers at top companies like Google and Facebook?
Should I choose the computer science field, the data science field, or both?
I want to be a software developer, should I start with CS50 or a coding bootcamp?
What is the difference between the Indian development model and the western development model?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
What kind of job should a software engineer do after 45?
What might be the first salary of a software engineer?
I’m a software developer who has jumped companies almost every year. How do I make my career path in the future?
What if the software developer plans to join a government job? Is this a good idea or just a bad one.
Why are most of the junior software developers pushed for more work for a little amount of money compared to other positions in the same industry?
I got a job as a software tester but didn't negotiate my salary. 4 months in and it's really difficult for me. When/How should I renegotiate?
What are the possibilities for an MTech post graduate from electrical engineering to start a career in software testing if their age is 28 years old?
How can an on-the-spot slow thinker (when speaking in person/voice communication) become a manager or a lead software engineer?
How do you use math as a software engineer?
How can I increase my package from 4.2 LPA to the range of 10-15 LPA, without learning data structure and algorithms?
What are some crucial concepts to learn before the call letter to a software job arrives?
Which is the best institute to learn software testing in NCR?
What is automation in software industry?
What is the starting salary for a software engineer at Google?
How can I leverage my natural aptitude for teaching and tutoring as a software engineer?
Do Indian software companies also work with Russian clients?
How can I join ISRO? I am a software performance tester but I want to serve the nation within satellite technology.
Has OMSCS helped anyone make a career change from "run of the mill" job of software development to areas like self-driven cars, AI, robotics etc?
What should programmers know about Kubernetes to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
What does it take to study Computer Science at MIT?
Do software development contractors need an ABN in Australia?
What are the top richest software companies of 2017?
Does Cognizant allow a 2-year gap in engineering for a software developer?
What is the significance of gPROMS software?
What new software is needed for the Indian market?
How does software development life in Sweden compare to the USA?
Which are the top province in Canada for software testing jobs?
What is the expected salary for an ASP.NET MVC software engineer with 1 year of experience in Chennai and Bangalore?
What qualification is required for a software tester in Dubai?
What are my prospects if I undertake software engineering as a career?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
What is the best course to do for a software engineer in IT?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
What is it like working as a software engineering VP at JP Morgan, Bangalore?
Will making my software free for non-commercial use diminish my chances of getting a company to acquire my company in future?
How good is Wintel software?
Does the government hire software engineers?
How do I improve in software development if I'm very good in competitive programming?
Is it worth it to go to Austria from India, on a red-white-red visa? I have 2 years of experience as a software developer.
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
What options for self development (MBA/Diploma) does a software engineer with 5 years experience have in Pune?
How does one get into a career of software security?
How is software all about abstractions?
At what stage are a sequence diagram, a use-case diagram, and a data flow diagram made in the software engineering process?
How are the job openings in the software field for F1 students nowadays?
How is the software engineering branch in SRM KTR?
What work does the Hewlett-Packard software company do in Chennai?
What is the average salary of a software development manager at Amazon in Seattle?
How can I be a senior software engineer in Google?
What is the software engineer job market like in Portland, OR?
How does a software development CA enhance a business?
As a software developer, is it ok to feel exhausted and tired of learning new technical skills?
If a software developer didn't meet the deadline how should a good manager respond? Does pushing developer to work For long hours a right thing to do?
What kind of tool would increase the communication in software development?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
How can I apply to the Google company as a QA engineer?
What should I do to make a career in software development?
Which job/role within a company contracts a software development vendor?
It has been in the news that IT jobs are being cut down. I have taken software engineering. What should I do?
How do I change the language of a software program?
Why is it harder for a woman to land that software developer job?
What are the ways for a science graduate with no IT background to pursue a career within the IT industry (especially software and app development) in Ontario?
What is it like to work on Keurig's engineering team?
As an undergraduate petroleum engineering student what type of software do I need to know?
When should one start the Firehose Project?
Which software is best for testing the efficiency of a building?
What potential ethical issues do software manufacturers face in making trade-offs between project schedules, project costs, and software quality?
How can I write effective code?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
What is the role of software engineers in CPEC?
Which blogs should I follow on Medium as a software engineer?
When a developer deploys a code into a server, then how does the tester test it?
What rank in the JEE Mains should you have for going into software engineering?
What should programmers know about Azure to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Do software developers copy code from their colleagues?
How do micro-services scale on the AWS Elasticbeanstalk platform?
What was a starting software engineer’s salary for each year, from 2000 to 2017, in India?
What exactly happens to software when someone cracks or patches it?
What are some idea for a SMART system for a senior college project?
I have a software idea to make healthcare clinics better. Where should I start?
Why are software developers more brilliant than testers?
Why do software engineers/developers insist on working extra hours with no additional pay?
Which career would pay me more, assuming I went to an IIT: robotics, software, or physics?
Which courses are helpful in software development?
Which tests should I take to get a full funded scholarship from the US in software engineering? What volunteer works should I do? I am from Afghanistan.
Are there any options for work from home for a software tester in India?
How would software developers like to find their next jobs?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
How do large organizations like Google and Microsoft structure their software development teams, given that they have multiple products?
Is doing a software course from Jetking worth it?
I have experience in SQL database technical support. I want to switch my profile to software testing. What should I do?
What are the other jobs that software programmers can do if they lose their job due to recession or any other reason?
By 2023, will software engineering be a good career for making money?
What is the best software for developing games?
What will be the future of a software tester in coming years?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
Is it possible to re-start a career in IT at age 46? I have a MS in software engineering but worked in management and only have a year of coding.
Which company should I join after 2.5 years of experience as a Mainframe developer, Deloitte or Broardrige Financial services?
I'm searching for software developer job and failing consistently from 4 months, how can I land into software developer job?
Does software engineering include all of web, desktop, and mobile applications development?
Why is a medial test required in software companies?
If I have no relevant degree and no prior experience, what are good certifications to break into web/software development with?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
How can I enhance my coding skill to be a software developer?
What are some simple software products you know?
What is the math that I need to know as a software engineer?
Which is the best chemical engg. software that has a good future scope?
What if I don't update my mobile software regularly?
What does it mean for a software to be all about abstractions?
Which operating system is best for SolidWorks software?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
What is some software that’s related to civil engineering?
What is the role of quality engineer and software engineer in terms of software quality engineering?
How many days does a software work?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Teradata ?
What are the key considerations of software development outsourcing?
Is the process of interviews for a software engineer and a research scientist the same at Google aka Alphabet?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
I have completed B.Com with 48% marks. Now what should I do next to get a high paying job?
What is the difference between software development and web development?
As a software engineer, what are your tips for effective time management?
Which career option has better future - Android applicant development or C++ coding and software development?
What does it mean to "stand up" a server?
Why does Google restrict access to software developing docs, services, etc., for Iranian programmers while Microsoft doesn't?
What are the differences between software engineering and ICT? I am interested in computers but can't decide what to get involved in.
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
Which are the universities in Germany which teach (undergraduate) software engineering in English and how do I apply for that?
Can I get a master’s degree in computer science after a bachelor’s degree in software engineering?
What are some smart goals for a module quality software engineer?
How can I determine which career- data science, data analysis, or software development- would be the best fit for my personality?
Why most programmers prefer Mac rather they can get better performance by paying less ?
Is there a good software engineer who doesn't know Java?
What percentage of software engineers do large tech companies employ?
How is Cassandra used in building reactive streams systems?
Is software engineering a meritocratic field?
What is the difference between computer software systems and theoretical computer science and data banking?
Is full-stack developer just a fancy name for programmer?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
Is the kernel system software or application software?
I'm a software engineer in the Bay Area. What is the best way to find mentorship?
What is industrialization systems in terms of software domain?
What will be the software companies’ prospects in the coming years?
What is it like to write software, actual real software, in real time?
What is fundamental engineer?
What are some cool things software engineers do to their homes?
What does killing net neutrality mean in regards to job security for those employed as software/web developers?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
How is SLK software for freshers?
Is there an opening in Zaloni Guwahati for software testing?
How does one show leadership on a software team?
How are employment opportunities in Halifax, particularly for IT manual testers?
What is the impact of “DevOps” on QA?
What could convince me to go for software and systems engineering rather than electronics engineering for a master’s study?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
What new innovations should mechanical engineering software definitely have?
Is teaching software programming a conflict of interest for software engineers?
What are the different phases of the Unified software Development Process?
Is there any one who resigned from a software job without any valid reason and got a job again after a year gap?
How can I find a paid internship in the USA? I am currently pursuing an MS in software engineering in Germany.
What are the development tools for multi-touch presentation walls?
Can network security engineers or network engineers earn 50 lpa after 5 years of their starting their careers as software engineers?
What is your advice for a software developer who learnt how to code and build projects, but did not build projects to get a job?
Do operations research analysts program daily? Are they lifelong learners like software applications developers?
Could you become a software engineer with a BS in Mathematics?
Bloomberg or Google NYC: which is the better place for a software engineer to work in NYC?
How can I estimate the population of software developers in a country?
Which report writing software does your company use?
Why does Juval Lowy think microservices will be the biggest flop in software?
Why is my external hard disk not loading?
Are tech networking meetups a good place to get connected to entry-level jobs?
How can I start a career as a software engineer when I have no degree and experience in this field?
Can an electrical engineering student survive in software industry without knowing all CSE subject?
How many consultancies are there in Bangalore for software?
In software shops, what tough questions did you face when working with clients, and how did you respond?
What Microsoft (MCSE or MCSD) is needed to apply for ACS if a candidate with a science educational background is working as a software engineer (testing)?
If you were given a year to build any software system you want, what would you build?
How do I prepare for a senior application developer interview at Thoughtworks?
Can a pregnant woman change jobs easily in the software industry?
After finishing my first year of computer science, what group projects can I contribute to and where?
What are some of the countries with the weakest software development skills?
What are some companies in India that pay a good package to embedded software developer freshers?
Why is software complex to build?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
What are the qualification required for fresher to get a software?
How can I move out of a consulting and management role in IT services to a software engineering role?
What is salary for software engineer at Deerwalk Nepal?
Will people lose their jobs in IT companies due to automation in software?
Is heightism prevalent in the software industry? (I’m 5.4" here.)
Where do I learn software architect course in India?
What is the marketing technology stack for your IT software company?
Why don't the 150 countries and the owners of 300,000 machines put a stop to hackers requiring ransom payments, by buying security software that works?
How was Systems Tool Kit developed?
Can I become self taught software engineer?
How do you learn math for software engineering?
What is the role of a software associate engineer in Capgemini for RDBMS?
How do I get a software idea developed if I am not a developer?
Where can I get a clone of Zarfund with the source code?
Can a software engineer become an international tour guide?
How can a software developer get a product management job at Facebook, Google etc.?
How much do Indian software testing engineers get paid onsite in the US?
Should I call myself a developer since I started it 1 year ago?
What's the best industrial development product?
Why do loan offering guys always ask If I am working in the software industry? How does it make a difference to them?
What topics should I be prepared for in a software development engineer interview after working for 1-1.5 years?
What do CS engineers do?
If one wants to become a computer developer, what are the steps to get there (from a young age like 12)?
How do I sustain a software job in automation and digital?
Is it true that only software engineers with algorithms and data structures earn way more than other domains?
How is working as software developer with Morgan Stanley as contractor a safe career?
Which is the best off-the-shelf community software?
How do I switch professions from being a software engineer to being a full-time stock investor?
What is a better option to choose - software testing engineer or networking analyst to pursue as a career?
Can I get software job in Russia?
As a self-employed software developer, how long did it take you to earn what you previously made in your day job?
How do I decide the beam orientation in Patran software?
How can I make software like Jarvis?
How is the Rajesh Patkar Institute of Software Engineering in Mumbai?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
How can I follow software engineers on Quora?
Can you tell me how to make any software learn start?
How much information do you divulge when trying to find people to work on a software or new cloud product with worrying someone may steal it from you?
How can I get a job at an American software company from Nigeria?
Why did software companies cut jobs in India?
Which design software is best for an environmental engineer?
Is there a good software engineer who doesn't know Java?
How does one keep in touch with research while working as a software developer in the industry?
What work do software engineer, analyst, and tester do in companies like Capgemini, Cognizant, Infosys?
What is future of a non-technical manager in an IT company? Is there a slow death of people managers in IT?
What are the characteristics of a software development company?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
Is there any software that can be useful for project planning?
I graduated a year ago and currently working. I am interested in software development but want to brush up my skills. Can I apply for internship?
Does Cognizant allow a 2-year gap in engineering for a software developer?
How hard is it to reach six digit income in software industries as a fresher?
How can an on-the-spot slow thinker (when speaking in person/voice communication) become a manager or a lead software engineer?
In order to become a great software developer, should I start with algorithms or should I go into programming first?
What are the similarities between hardware and software, and what are the differences?
Is having a meal twice daily good for software engineers?
What are the pros and cons of becoming a college dropout from a non-CS branch to learn with passion as a self-taught software engineer?
How should a software developer plan his life after 40 years of age?
What is the interview process of RBS for the software engineer position for those who already have some experience in J2EE?
What is the role of a software associate engineer in Capgemini for RDBMS?
How is the Rajesh Patkar Institute of Software Engineering in Mumbai?
What are some good Canadian carrier related online discussion forums to join, for the software engineering field, as a professional?
How would you build something like Github Gists?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
What is automation in software industry?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
Can a self taught excellent (who can prove he's better than others in coding & did many projects) college dropout software engineer get a job in India?
What is the salary breakdown (base + RSU + bonus) of a software engineer with a master’s degree and 3 years of work experience in 2017 in the Bay Area?
Should I major in computer science, cyber security or software engineering?
How can I become more confident as an independent software developer?
Is doing a software course from Jetking worth it?
What is the difference between internships and new grad position in Software Engineering?
How can I move out of a consulting and management role in IT services to a software engineering role?
Being an introvert, can one be successful in the software industry?
What problems can be solved with software solultions in the Philippines?
Are we living in a golden age for software engineer compensation?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Why are most of the junior software developers pushed for more work for a little amount of money compared to other positions in the same industry?
Can you tell me how to make any software learn start?
What's the opportunity for placement in a software company for a mechanical engineer bachelor with knowledge of C and C++?
Which is a better job, an IBPS/SBI PO or a software engineer in TCS?
How can some programmers read the code and fix problems very easily in a big software stack, like a networking protocol stack?
Would it be a problem if I spend a whole night to learn new stuff and work on software projects instead of taking care of my 2 month old daughter?
Would getting a System Administrator job in college help me land a Software Engineering role afterwards?
Which one is good to join, Infosys or CGI? Both are offering kind of the same packages for senior software engineers.
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
Can a pregnant woman change jobs easily in the software industry?
What skills should a software developer acquire in order to avoid getting laid off?
How can a software restrict your computer from accessing other things?
Why does Google restrict access to software developing docs, services, etc., for Iranian programmers while Microsoft doesn't?
I am a fresher who is working on a software company for 3 months and I don't think I'll get enough exposure here what should I do?
What is meant by stub testing?
Does Amazon use Minitab software?
How do you use math as a software engineer?
What are some crucial concepts to learn before the call letter to a software job arrives?
What group can I take for going in software field?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
How do I move from a systems admin profile to software development?
Which software testing institute is best at Hyderabad and also providing placements?
How can I leverage my natural aptitude for teaching and tutoring as a software engineer?
How can I join the SAIT division? I am currently placed as software engineer in SRI, Bangalore starting in July.
Do developers who are good at algorithms and DS earn more?
Why is software complex to build?
What are the steps for managing a remote team for software development?
Why do loan offering guys always ask If I am working in the software industry? How does it make a difference to them?
How can I meet an Indian software developer?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
In software shops, what tough questions did you face when working with clients, and how did you respond?
Which is the most useful and common software in Canada?
How can I earn more than 20 lpa as a college dropout and self-taught software engineer in India?
Is it normal for a licensor to request for inspection of source code?
How can I make software like Jarvis?
When should one start the Firehose Project?
What happens when you are placed in cognizant as a software developer?
Which offer should I accept - a product support engineer at Sprinklr, or a software engineer at Continental R&D?
Why do software engineers need to know algorithms?
What resume format should a fresher use for being a software engineer?
NVIDIA CEO, Jensen Huang said: "Software Is eating the world, but AI Is going to eat software.” Should we think of this as a platform change?
Does Google provide jobs only for software engineers?
Is there any scope for a piping isometric drawing software developer?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
How can I change my career from project management to software engineering for embedded systems?
What is the fastest way to get a list of Twitter user ID's that are active in a past year, i.e. 2015 or is it even possible?
Is a first over a 2:1 in Computer Science worth the effort?
What is the best/most effective outreach a corporate recruiter has approached mid level to sr. Java software engineers in the NYC area with?
Other than calculus, what fundamental math topics should a software engineer know?
Will AMCAT exam help to find a software engineer job in this present situation?
As a software developer, is it ok to feel exhausted and tired of learning new technical skills?
Is teaching software programming a conflict of interest for software engineers?
What advice do you think is important for software designers in 2017?
As a self-employed software developer, how long did it take you to earn what you previously made in your day job?
How can I follow software engineers on Quora?
Should I call myself a developer since I started it 1 year ago?
How can I build a 3D video streaming app for Android?
How many types of software are there?
How does Microsoft train newly hired CS graduates for their development projects?
What is the difference between a FP precision implementation in Hardware vs software?
Following the path of self-education in CS and being a JavaScript developer, when can I consider myself a software engineer?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
Do operations research analysts program daily? Are they lifelong learners like software applications developers?
What is the best career choice for a software developer having an MBA from a prestigious business school?
Does software engineering include all of web, desktop, and mobile applications development?
I suddenly hate programming but I can't get any job other than software development, what should I do?
Is there a master’s degree in software testing?
How much information do you divulge when trying to find people to work on a software or new cloud product with worrying someone may steal it from you?
Should I continue my software engineer job in the IT field in India in 2017?
What is scope of CodeIgniter in the software industry?
Can a software engineer become an international tour guide?
What is the role of quality engineer and software engineer in terms of software quality engineering?
What skills would justify a promotion from mid- to senior-level for a DevOps engineer?
What will the future of the software testing industry be considering automation and cloud computing?
How is SLK software for freshers?
Is startup acquisition a long-term and better subfield in the software industry than software development is?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
What is the starting salary for a software engineer at Google?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a network engineer?
Can I get a master’s degree in computer science after a bachelor’s degree in software engineering?
How does software development life in Sweden compare to the USA?
Is it a good idea to move away from the California Bay Area to live in London if I work in the software industry?
Is it possible to find a degreed software developer in Sandton, Johannesburg?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
How was Systems Tool Kit developed?
Why, in a DC machine, is a field testing method called field testing?
Which field is better, networking or software?
After finishing my first year of computer science, what group projects can I contribute to and where?
What are some tips you would give your past self when you were just getting into software development?
There are a million brilliant minds in India, and we cannot develop our own search engine as popular as Google and software similar to Microsoft. Why?
How can I join ISRO? I am a software performance tester but I want to serve the nation within satellite technology.
Why do software engineers/developers insist on working extra hours with no additional pay?
What is the role of software engineers in CPEC?
How much do Indian software testing engineers get paid onsite in the US?
How do I add a software license to a file?
How can the absence of good software engineering practice affect software product development?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a QA in software testing/development?
What is the best technology/software to switch from ITIS (2-year exp.) to a developer role?
What should I do to become a software tester or developer?
To what extent do software engineers need to understand computer and electrical hardware?
What are the programmes offered for the VIT M.Tech software engineering integrated programme?
Why is my external hard disk not loading?
What are my prospects if I undertake software engineering as a career?
What is fundamental engineer?
What approach (CMMI, ISO 9001, TickIT, 6Sigma) should I choose as software development quality framework?
What (formal) effort estimation techniques are commonly used in software development projects these days?
What are the ways for a science graduate with no IT background to pursue a career within the IT industry (especially software and app development) in Ontario?
How come applications like WhatsApp and Telegram don't run out of online storage with their huge amounts of traffic daily?
How is Cassandra used in building reactive streams systems?
What is the present situation of a software industry? Do Trump’s decisions affect Indian software industries?
Which degree is most suitable between a Bachelor’s of CIS and a B.Sc IT majoring in CS & Physics if I desire to be a software engineer in the business world?
How can I switch from a career in software engineering to the cyber security field?
How can I change my career from mechanical engineering to embedded software engineering?
Can you work in a software company after doing a non-software btech like mechanical or EEE and an MBA?
What is the nature of the work of embedded systems software engineers?
What are the common things that excellent engineers do every day?
Can anybody be a software developer with coding knowledge?
What is the difference between the Indian development model and the western development model?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
What are the key considerations of software development outsourcing?
What are the technical details that occur during software installation?
Do star sports require software engineers?
What are the qualification required for fresher to get a software?
How bad are the worst software engineers at top companies like Google and Facebook?
Is it worth it for an IT fresher to join RAPS iTECH, Chandigarh for the post of Associate software engineer?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing. I am willing to migrate to Canada and switch to different domain such as banking. Is it possible?
What are the best locations for me to advance as a software developer? How about emerging places?
How is open source developed?
What is involved in a software developer aptitude test?
Are tech networking meetups a good place to get connected to entry-level jobs?
Is it good to join BMC Software, Pune as a product developer (R&D) with 4 years of experience?
With the same experience, who will get paid more, a software engineer, a security researcher, or a data scientist?
How do you learn math for software engineering?
How can I determine which career- data science, data analysis, or software development- would be the best fit for my personality?
How do I prepare for a senior application developer interview at Thoughtworks?
What are some cool things software engineers do to their homes?
Is software testing dead?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
If any company is looking for online exam software. What are the parameters they should look for?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore for 3 months experience?
What are the possibilities for an MTech post graduate from electrical engineering to start a career in software testing if their age is 28 years old?
Why does Snapchat pay its new grad software engineers more than Google or Facebook?
What are the opportunities for a software developer with design and animation skills?
Is direct addressing mode better than indirect addressing mode?
How can I get a job at a Canadian software company from Nigeria?
What will the effect on product-based software companies in India be if huge layoffs happen as described in some articles?
What do CS engineers do?
Why does Juval Lowy think microservices will be the biggest flop in software?
What is the best course to do for a software engineer in IT?
Is it a good move to join from Cisco (automation tool development) to Nokia Networks (as a solution architect)?
What is the most complex software you have built?
Should I choose the computer science field, the data science field, or both?
What is the cheapest software company you have ever seen?
What is it like to work on Keurig's engineering team?
What do you like about the Product Engineering role at Quora?
What is the difference between software development and web development?
What tech companies pay for employees’ part-time master’s?
How can you buy an old IBM software product?
Do you like fixing bugs?
What are the features of software engineering?
What are the new skills/areas that are relevant for software developer and have scope in future considering the changing IT trend these days?
Is there an opening in Zaloni Guwahati for software testing?
Is the warranty voided if we choose the developer option?
What are the benefits of using a tailoring software?
What is “modeling”, and what is its importance in software development?
How do micro-services scale on the AWS Elasticbeanstalk platform?
Is there a software application for solving propositional logic problems?
Why was Wintel software created?
How is working as software developer with Morgan Stanley as contractor a safe career?
How does one get into a career of software security?
What are the best software used for developing hyper redundant robots with multiple degrees of freedom?
What are the development tools for multi-touch presentation walls?
Since in India everyone is crazy about CSE, how does one know if it’s his passion or if he is just following the herd?
What software/tools do you recommend for non-software Product Management?
Should I go with computer science as many software engineers are being fired from companies recently?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
What are the things I should know in Python in order to work in Google as a Python software engineer?
What is the role of a tester and developer in the software industry?
Which university has the best master's degree in software engineering?
What is the CAD software that’s used by the automobile companies in Bangalore?
Is it a good idea to use Java developers as testers for black-box testing of bugs/tasks?
Which software is used for modeling a building?
What are the software a biomedical engineer should learn?
How can an experienced software professional use his skills to contribute to society in India?
What do you look for in a PMS software if you rent apartments, villas, rooms, etc.? What does the software need to have, and what can you live without?
Which are the top province in Canada for software testing jobs?
Do you know of any software company that does scientific computing in India?
What is the way to get in to the top USA based software companies while working from India?
I want to join Brainware Computers for a PG course in software engineering. Will it be a good decision?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
What is the importance of back end systems?
What are some companies in India that pay a good package to embedded software developer freshers?
How does one show leadership on a software team?
Which is the best software for making FPS?
Do Indian software companies also work with Russian clients?
How would software developers like to find their next jobs?
Is it easy to change jobs from being an IT consultant to being a software developer?
What should I do to make a career in software development?
As a software developer, how much of your day would you say is spent productively?
How can I become a smartphone designer in companies (I mean the design not software design)?
What are the top free tools for software testers?
Is there any API to get a list of all software companies?
What are the other jobs that software programmers can do if they lose their job due to recession or any other reason?
What is the significance of gPROMS software?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
Can a QA engineer with 1+ year of experience in the software industry go into the hardware industry?
What is the ideal way to import data in a software?
How would the future be for a tester in Salesforce?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer? And what is the growth for the QA role?
Why is it harder for a woman to land that software developer job?
What IQ do you need to have to work for a big tech company as a software developer?
Which is the best software for a beginner to learn for entering into the VFX industry?
Is it hard for a new CS grad with a good GPA and no internships to get a job? How about in Los Angeles?
Where is Uber’s software development centre in Bangalore?
Does BITS offer undergraduate software engineering (SWE) instead of CSE? I can't find details on the internet.
Is software engineering a meritocratic field?
Is there a rule of thumb to estimate the calculations your software will require to let you decide if you need a supercomputer or not before coding?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays?
Have you ever been rejected for a software engineer role even though you have a good portfolio?
What is the qualification for software engineer?
What are the different cognitive styles best suited for software engineering vs. data science?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
Why do software professionals lose interest in their careers when they hit their 40′s?
What skills nowadays are required for being a software engineer?
What is the software industry like in Pakistan? How is Pakistan doing in this field, compared to India?
Which IT software companies in the Noida region are open to career opportunities from the summer to autumn season of 2017?
It has been in the news that IT jobs are being cut down. I have taken software engineering. What should I do?
How common is it for a workplace to use the Joel Test?
What are other career choices for a Software Engineer on H1B visa?
Are new TN visas still being issued for software engineers or is all that on a stand-still now?
What course should be done to enter into a good manager/admin role in IT, without being technical or a developer (coding or language)?
How can I get a job developing vehicle software?
Has OMSCS helped anyone make a career change from "run of the mill" job of software development to areas like self-driven cars, AI, robotics etc?
Which is the better field for an engineer, finance or software?
What should be the RAM for engineering to run software like SolidWorks?
Which one is easy, software engineering or engineering?
Bloomberg or Google NYC: which is the better place for a software engineer to work in NYC?
Which is the best software company in Coimbatore to go for an internship?
What is the maximum salary of Google India software developer from fresher to 10 years of experience?
What are the characteristics of software testing services?
Is it a wise choice for a manual tester to take up a production support job?
What country gives the highest salary for software engineering?
What are the best sources to keep updated about software engineer news?
What should I do in my first 90 days at my new job as a software engineer?
Does test-driven development slow down software development?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What group should I take on the 11th to become a software engineer?
What are some other jobs that software programmers can do if he/she loses his/her job due to recession or any unavoidable circumstances?
How do I start over as a software engineer?
Is there any Flowchart software for Linux recommended?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
As a software engineer, what are your tips for effective time management?
What is the key thing to learn in social engineering?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
Is there any good Ophthal software?
What is the salary for a senior software engineer in PwC Australia?
How can I improve my focus, become less lazy and more organized?
Will AI eventually cannibalize the software industry?
How can I find a software architect in Zurich?
What are the top richest software companies of 2017?
What's the toughest challenge for a Product Manager developing software products?
What is the math that I need to know as a software engineer?
What is your advice for a software developer who learnt how to code and build projects, but did not build projects to get a job?
Why should I study science math to become a software engineer?
Why software industry going down?
What else can be done when you have been to a software training institute?
Why do Google software engineers look like God compared to normal developers?
Does Juno have a public API?
At what stage are a sequence diagram, a use-case diagram, and a data flow diagram made in the software engineering process?
How do I get a software idea developed if I am not a developer?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
How do I get into MS in CS at IIITH after 2 years of experience in software at MNC?
What is some software that’s related to civil engineering?
Why don't the 150 countries and the owners of 300,000 machines put a stop to hackers requiring ransom payments, by buying security software that works?
Is it good for a software developer to take up the position of product support engineer in India?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Teradata ?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If one wants to become a computer developer, what are the steps to get there (from a young age like 12)?
How do I change careers from the QE department to software development?
Which should I choose for ECE - software or core?
Is it possible to re-start a career in IT at age 46? I have a MS in software engineering but worked in management and only have a year of coding.
What should I do to get the most out of a web dev internship with a very low-quality code base? My boss does not want to do a major refactor and redesign.
What are the properties of offshore software development services?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Is full-stack developer just a fancy name for programmer?
Where can I find lists of accessible software, e.g. Section 508, etc., preferably grouped by purpose?
Where do you start in building a software dev. company?
How do I analyze semi-rigid joints in a beam-to-beam connection using ETABS?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
Can I become self taught software engineer?
What are the best resources on the topic of website performance optimization?
Is it worth leaving law school for a degree in software development?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
If actuaries have to be lifelong learners, what is it that they're learning? Do they learn at the same pace as software developers?
What is the best self learning path to going from noob to software engineer?
How are employment opportunities in Halifax, particularly for IT manual testers?
Are there any guys who have a great physique and are working at Google as a software developer?
How likely will it be in 4-6 years for a computer science major to get a job as a software engineer? How will the pay look?
Can I work at a place with a lot of engineers at the age of 15?
Can I study CS while majoring in something else and still have software developing skills?
Are the electrical engineers get job in software companies?
What is the best way to find a mentor/partner to learn software development? Is there a platform/community for it?
Is 12th needed for software engineering jobs?
What should a software engineer learn to be at the managing level?
Has anyone graduated with a second bachelor’s degree in software development and security from UMUC? What are some tips on how to ace each subject?
How do I make a software for visualisation?
Is there any paid software than can track inventory for resources allocated for a project to different sites rather than for sales?
Will Deep Algo allow non-coders to visualize complex code? Will such an innovation disrupt and greatly reduce the need for software developers?
How do I a get promine software for education purpose?
Do software developers often take long leave to learn new technical skills?
Can a Google employee change his department from marketing to software? Are there any internal job postings?
I'm searching for software developer job and failing consistently from 4 months, how can I land into software developer job?
When should LinkedList be used over arrays?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
Which one is better, a site reliability engineer or a system architect in big data?
What is the expected salary for an ASP.NET MVC software engineer with 1 year of experience in Chennai and Bangalore?
Does Yammer hire entry level software engineers?
Is it better to become a software developer now or in the future?
What is it like working as a software engineering VP at JP Morgan, Bangalore?
How can I crack the licence of Redmirchi software?
I'm a software engineer in the Bay Area. What is the best way to find mentorship?
If I move to New Zealand will it be easy to find a job in software development?
What can I do to improve my work life? I’ve been a software developer for over 6 years in the Bay Area. I have completed my master’s in CS.
How good is Wintel software?
What exactly happens to software when someone cracks or patches it?
I feel like I should go for Data Science and sometimes for software engineering as I love data structure and algorithms. What should I choose?
How can I write effective code?
Can I develop an Android application like the Matrix Lab software with the same features?
What are the responsibilities of a software project manager?
Is there software where we can give the name of the products with its rate and its ease of use?
Is there a tool that lets you mirror a git repository into Google Cloud Storage?
How can a software developer join the cybersecurity field as a developer?
How was Diane Hartley’s career effected by her contribution to NYC’s safety?
What set up do you use as a software developer?
What is Amazon Ireland's official or unofficial dress code? What is the rough criteria for evaluating a candidate for a software developer job?
I have just passed my MBBS. I'm doing good in this field. But I'm very much attracted toward physics stuff. What should I do?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer?
Which is the best off-the-shelf community software?
How many days does a software work?
How does a senior software engineer with Java background get a job in Tower Research Capital?
Is the Google Summer of Code really worth it? Is it over-hyped?
How do I become a software engineering team lead fast?
I got a job as a software tester but didn't negotiate my salary. 4 months in and it's really difficult for me. When/How should I renegotiate?
How can I start a career as a software engineer when I have no degree and experience in this field?
How can we survive in software testing in today's IT industry, because most of the software testing employees are fired?
Who replaced CMMI for the development of quality systems for software development companies?
Do American companies and startups hire Europeans with Bachelor's degree in CS for software engineering jobs?
What is Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering (CPRE)? How it can help you as a software engineer?
Will software engineers on SQL exist in the future?
What OS is suitable for a freshmen software developer?
What is the salary package of an IT software engineer after 6 years?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
Which company should I join after 2.5 years of experience as a Mainframe developer, Deloitte or Broardrige Financial services?
As an undergraduate petroleum engineering student what type of software do I need to know?
Does cloud computing really need a software developer to work?
Have you ever seen someone change from a weak software developer to a Google level software developer in only 1 year?
What are your experiences with outsourcing software development, is it cost-effective?
What is the ZoomRX interview process for a software development engineer?
Which start-ups are hiring software engineers on F1 student visas in the San Francisco Bay area?
When a developer deploys a code into a server, then how does the tester test it?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
What are the new skills/areas worth learning for a .NET software developer, that has a scope for the future?
Is Oracle CPQ a good or bankable skill to learn and make a career in the current IT market for a software engineer?
What should I expect from a company as a junior developer out of college?
Which one should I choose, a football player contract for Real Madrid team A or a software engineer offer from Google?
Which language should I learn to speak as a software engineer which would be an advantage for me in the future?
How do you could teach an engineer to use a software easily through training?
How do I sustain a software job in automation and digital?
Why is AUTOSAR good for suppliers that supply both hardware and software together?
How much money do the best software engineers on Wall Street make?
What companies in India offer software engineering jobs that involve traveling abroad?
Which are the countries that offer low-cost software development in Southeast Asia?
Is it wise for a software engineer working in a top tier product company (Amazon, Google or Microsoft) to go for an MBA at one of the top IIMs, FMS, or XLRI?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
What are some good career related, online discussion forums to join for the software engineering field, as a professional?
How much is a freelance mobile appliance tester paid?
What is the best software for knowing the world?
Is a specialisation in HCI a good option for a software engineer?
Is there any way to conduct performance analysis on software systems before implementation?
Why are there more layoffs in the software field?
What are the checkpoints before selecting software development outsourcing?
How can someone who is not from the IT field become a software test engineer?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Cape Town (Milnerton)?
Why would you want to make unsafe calls in Kotlin?
What software or process do you use to validate online a new branch location?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources by clicking a button in a software?
How many hours in average do software engineers, Developers, or coders code in a day? Do developers code 8 hours every day?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
Is there a company to certify software architecture?
How can a software engineer tap into AI/DL sector?
What is the process to get into any PSU as a software engineer having 3+ years of experience?
Of all the things that your solution will do, what should you be developing on your own?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
What are the trends in software development outsourcing?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
What are the properties of software testing services?
How are joins supported by SQL but not in NoSQL databases?
Which is the best site for learning software testing?
What are the government exams/jobs available for software engineers?
Is there any way to stay calm and focused while working with some ugly and stupid people in the software industry?
Which company is the best for a software developer engineer?
What will be the effect on product based software companies in India if huge lay-offs happen, as described in some articles?
What are the best techniques ever used in industry for software testing?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
What is the best way to obtain a value on jet aircraft parts? Is there software for this, or is it best to just get on the horn and call around?
How do you reverse engineer an app/software?
For engineers who left their job to pursue an MBA, how is life after an MBA?
How do I change the language of a software program?
Is it true that nearly one lakh software engineers have been laid off by companies? Will this affect employment opportunities in the next two years?
I have experience in SQL database technical support. I want to switch my profile to software testing. What should I do?
What new innovations should mechanical engineering software definitely have?
How hard is it to be recruited by Rakuten, Japan as a software tester working in India for the past 6+ years?
What are the tips to choose software development company?
Which is a better, a master’s in software engineering or a master’s in MIS?
What are the different phases of the Unified software Development Process?
Which software companies do not care about academic records?
Which company is a better career progression and more satisfying job for a software graduate in the UK: Morgan Stanley or a small-medium software company?
What are the key considerations before selecting a software development company?
What's the best industrial development product?
What percentage of software engineers (with at least 5 years of experience) in the Bay Area in CA require visa sponsorships or H1B transfers?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
How can I apply to the Google company as a QA engineer?
How do I spend my time while looking for software development job?
Our software development company in the US, with around 60 people, is looking for a performance management system. What are some good online software options?
What does killing net neutrality mean in regards to job security for those employed as software/web developers?
Are applications and software both the same?
Is it better to study hardware or software?
Can network security engineers or network engineers earn 50 lpa after 5 years of their starting their careers as software engineers?
Being a software release engineer, what are the skills required to equip myself for future growth?
Does a computer engineering major have the necessary education to work as a software developer?
How is software all about abstractions?
How would you redesign the world wide web protocol and formats?
How is the software engineering branch in SRM KTR?
I am looking for a real life example of DevOps? What shall I be doing as a DevOps engineer at my desk?
How can I become an ESL teacher from a software engineer?
Is a BSc is required to get a good job as a software developer?
What new software is needed for the Indian market?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays in Canada?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
Is there any one who resigned from a software job without any valid reason and got a job again after a year gap?
What are the basic requirements of a multi school software solution?
Are microservices the best option to avoid technical debt?
Which courses should I opt in my college? I want to become a software/game developer.
How do Indonesian software (web/mobile) agencies develop software? What current frameworks, tools, etc. do they use?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
How do I improve in software development if I'm very good in competitive programming?
What is the impact of “DevOps” on QA?
How did you learn the last/current software product in your project?
Which is better, software engineering at Google in the US or being an IAS officer in India?
If an application uses NLP to analyze user text, and then to return images accordingly, would this use of NLP fall into the AI category?
What is the difference between software testing and software inspection?
Apart from Crossover, can somebody give a list of similar companies that offer remote jobs for software engineers?
What level of IB subjects (and what subjects) should I take to pursue software engineering in College?
What if the software developer plans to join a government job? Is this a good idea or just a bad one.
What is the cost of developing an intra website messaging function, like what you see on LinkedIn? Also, which software is used?
Are software developers proud of the software that they have done after the submission of the projects?
What is the software engineer job market like in Portland, OR?
What is the best software for developing games?
How can I become a software engineer?
Can you become a software engineer through computer science?
What kind of problems do AI solve today and what will be the role of software engineer in an AI based software world?
What does it mean for a software to be all about abstractions?
What is the average salary of a software development manager at Amazon in Seattle?
When should a software engineer switch jobs?
Who should you pay more, the back end engineer who creates web APIs or the engineer who architects and develops the front end?
Why doesn't an audio player have any trouble when playing audio directly from an interleaved video file?
How can I learn embedded software?
How do I get an internship in Sokrati as a software development engineer?
How would you describe the life cycle of software and how development is done to a non-technical person?
How can one become well versed with software like FactStage?
What is better: technology developer or project owner?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
What are the characteristics of software development outsourcing?
Is software engineering dying? Should it be called IT engineering?
What is the best software for a domain shop?
Which is a better company amongst 'ThoughtWorks', 'Qualys', 'SAS', 'NetCracker' to join as a software engineer?
How does one go about translating a real-world idea for an application to a design of RESTful API for it?
What is the field of maths most required during software/game development?
What do people prefer to buy: a 'device' (i.e. smartphone/software embedded hardware) or a pure software product (say an operating system)?
What should I do if my part time job affects my studies?
What are some idea for a SMART system for a senior college project?
What do you think of Aress Software?
What is it like to write software, actual real software, in real time?
What is UML its tools and types?
What are some of the Google's top open source​ projects​ where we can contribute​?
How do I become a successful software developer if I don't like programming?
I want to be a software developer, should I start with CS50 or a coding bootcamp?
What are the important things that a software engineer need to do daily to improve them technically?
What does it look like working in a trading firm (like SIG) as a software engineer?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Why most programmers prefer Mac rather they can get better performance by paying less ?
How can I find a paid internship in the USA? I am currently pursuing an MS in software engineering in Germany.
Are web developers software engineers?
What options for self development (MBA/Diploma) does a software engineer with 5 years experience have in Pune?
How can I switch careers from BPO to a software developer or programmer?
Where can I get the HN-NonLin V1.1 software? It is a free software program, but I am not able to find it.
Has anyone ever applied to a software engineer role in person?
How can a software developer get a product management job at Facebook, Google etc.?
Which tech companies are middle to lower-middle class-focused?
What are some cool applications/software you should know?
Will people lose their jobs in IT companies due to automation in software?
What is software automation and how it can affect a hard core coder?
How did you get into game development? What advice would you give to a newbie who wants to transition from writing software to developing games?
Can I become a software engineer by choosing electronics?
What are some good project ideas for a software development project for the last year?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
Are there any software companies in Kerala?
Till which age, generally, do software developers code in India and the USA?
Can I pursue an MS in MIS if I have a bachelor's in science and a software engineering certificate (3-year course) from NIIT?
I have been programming for 2 months & have a highly experienced software engineer willing to mentor me regularly. How can I best utilize their help?
What percentage of software engineers do large tech companies employ?
What are the most important software and programmes for a civil planning engineer?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
What qualification is required for a software tester in Dubai?
What reverse engineering tools do we have to apply on big code bases to know what they are doing in as much detail as possible?
Can you help me answer this interview question- “How will you hire 50 software engineers in 6 months?”
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
Can I work independently after becoming a software developer?
Is struggling with engineering problems (Computer Science, Maths, Physics) improves the brain (Critical thinking, problem solving abilities)?
What factors should we consider before selecting a software development company?
What is the profile of software engineers in Silicon Valley who got a minimum of $50k USD as sign-on bonuses (since 2012)?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Is it true that software engineers can only work until the age of 35/40 because they then get fired by their companies?
What is effort in software engineering?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
How many people working in Amdocs would refer a fresher software engineer if I ask for reference here on Quora?
If I sincerely want to be a web developer, where do I start?
What is industrialization systems in terms of software domain?
What are the placements like for an integrated MTech in software engineering at VIT?
Which is the best MBA option for 3 years experienced software engineer?
Is Sundar Pichai a software engineer or a software developer?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources just by clicking a submit button in a software?
Can a software licensor withdraw a lifetime licence? What happens to the licensee’s rights?
Where should utility/helper functions be placed in an Angular2 app?
What could convince me to go for software and systems engineering rather than electronics engineering for a master’s study?
How do I get a job in two days at a software company with no experience? I completed graduation in 2011.
How can I enhance my coding skill to be a software developer?
What are the other options for BtecIT other than software companies?
Will focusing on Android development during college help me get placed in most companies coming for placement drive?
Does software testing require any coding knowledge?
Why are software developers more brilliant than testers?
Which blogs should I follow on Medium as a software engineer?
What are the steps that I should take in order to become an engineer’s apprentice with no experience?
How do I find a junior backend position?
How is the scope, salary-wise, for a software tester in the fund accounting domain (IT industry)?
How do I decide the beam orientation in Patran software?
Is UMT, Lahore, best for software engineering?
What are some of the countries with the weakest software development skills?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore with 3 months of experience in the same field?
What kind of tool would increase the communication in software development?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
What is meant by software and hardware?
What rank in the JEE Mains should you have for going into software engineering?
What is the salary for a software engineer in Bangalore?
Will the Indian software industry hire a 50-year-old software engineer if he happens to start his career at that time?
Can I apply for internships based on my studies at the Harvard Extension School (graduate certificate in software engineering)?
What are the properties of software development outsourcing?
What are some smart goals for a module quality software engineer?
How do I move out of software engineering to a product/business/strategy role?
What is the difference between normalization and joins?
What is digital repository software?
Can I do software engineering after 12th commerce with computer science?
What solutions does a software development company provide?
How can I get into Google as a software developer?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing and now I want to move into data science and do an MS in it. How can I go about this?
How is good for mecanical engineer to work in porcurment?
How does Google Polymer compare to React?
What are some examples of software products that lost market share when the need was addressed further up the stack (i.e. in the OS, for example)?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
Do software developers copy code from their colleagues?
I have an accounting background. Should I change to QA tester for the ease to work from home? I am a mother of two and had a two year hiatus.
Is a bachelor in division software engineering department of innovative information and technology the same with a bachelor in software engineering?
Do software development contractors need an ABN in Australia?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
What are the prerequisites to become a software tester?
Does the government hire software engineers?
What are the processes VAPT testing companies follow?
What kind of software applications should I develop in advanced Java to get a job in Amazon?
Is web development driving out software development?
Which colleges are good for an MSc in software engineering (five-year integrated course) in Tamil Nadu?
Is it possible to survive in software industry without passion to learn new technology?
Is it possible for a civil graduate having 2 years experience as a software engineer at Oracle to get good universities for MS abroad?
As a year 9 13-year-old and interested in computers and technology, what should I focus on?
Where can we get the best quality QA test cases?
Which career would pay me more, assuming I went to an IIT: robotics, software, or physics?
Is it worth it to go to Austria from India, on a red-white-red visa? I have 2 years of experience as a software developer.
Which one should I pursue at the university, software engineering or agriculture?
Which company provides the good educational software?
What is the difference between an application developer and a software dev? Is it possible for an application​ developer to work at a product-based company?
Which software should you have to practice for CCNA?
Is pair programming useful for software startups?
Is becoming a BI developer/engineer a lucrative career move?
Does the position of "software engineer" include too much coding and development, or is it all about analyzing the apps’ requirements and structure?
Are software engineers paid higher, on average, than any other technical field?
Which is the best institute to learn software testing in NCR?
As a career, which platform is best: SAP BW or software testing?
How can I increase my package from 4.2 LPA to the range of 10-15 LPA, without learning data structure and algorithms?
How difficult will it be to modify and use Uber software stack for asteriod mining?
What is chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What is a target-action method?
How do I save a range after docking with Hex 8 software?
Is it a good idea to switch from engineer development to engineer QA after having 4+ years of experience in development?
What are some good software product prototyping tools?
What is the marketing technology stack for your IT software company?
Will making my software free for non-commercial use diminish my chances of getting a company to acquire my company in future?
What is the difference between computer engineering, system engineering and software engineering?
Is this the right time to switch jobs in the software industry?
What are the best-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
If you were given a year to build any software system you want, what would you build?
Is it possible to get a license as a software engineer with a BTech in electrical?
What are some good tricks to identify dead code?
Has anyone working in software/IT moved from Bangalore to Delhi/NCR? What was your experience?
What is a good software engineer’s, e.g working at Google, etc. usual net worth by the age of 55?
Where do I learn software architect course in India?
Am I a software engineer if I know how to use AppInventor to build apps?
What makes podcast software Engineering Daily so successful with ads in your view?
Do software engineers have a great future?
What are the academic qualifications required to become a software engineer at Google or Microsoft?
In the IT industry, which sector has more scope, web designing or software development?
What software does one need to code?
Can I get a software developer in Hyderabad with a zeal to do big without asking for money immediately?
How many years should we have to work to get a good salary in the software field?
Which platform is better for a career, software testing or SAP BW?
What is the future scope of software development?
Should I quit my job as a software engineer now?
I want to be a software engineer in a year; how can one start with his own course?
Is it true that most people working in core companies (electrical, mechanical or electronics) switch to software companies to settle their life?
Is it possible to assess the quality of software if the customer keeps changing the functional requirements?
In the software industry, how important is the role of a technical product manager? Is this role still relevant and does it have scope?
What are some of the best practices for setting up the scope of work and contracts when hiring developers overseas?
By 2023, will software engineering be a good career for making money?
Should I choose software engineering or computer science?
What is the meaning of top up license?
In Java, why does @Override fail for static methods?
What is the difference between computer software systems and theoretical computer science and data banking?
Do software engineers in SDIM (System Delivery and Incident Management) get paid more than developers do?
I have just cleared my class 12 and have joined a good college with CSE. How should I improve my programming (or technical) skills?
What opportunities will Google's new OS, Fuchsia, bring for mobile app developers?
Why do we disproportionately compensate software developers, when high-level language coding is no more special or rare than design or research?
How are software and hardware implemented in educational institutions?
How do you set up Mac administrator and user/developer accounts?
What is the role of an RPA developer in a company?
Is any software engineer working in a completely different industry, and if so, why?
What should travel agencies do in order to stay ahead of the competition?
How are the job openings in the software field for F1 students nowadays?
How do I better design a software system architecture?
When planning a software project schedule, how much time should I reserve for writing tests?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
How do I find a good software development company?
How do programmers without a basic IT education flourish in the world of software?
Which technology is best for an experienced software engineer (SQL) to study and switch to, "Salesforce," "big data" or "cloud computing"?
Does there exist a software that will block out certain programs I specify until a certain time of day?
Are software developers going to lose jobs in the industrial revolution 4.0?
Which book is best to learn design patterns, Head First Design Patterns or Gang of Four?
Do AI consultants themselves implement the software/code in businesses or is this done by specific AI software developers?
Which is the youngest big technology giant software company in Silicon Valley?
How do I learn "database principles and applications"? Is this course good for a software engineering major student?
Which of the following are available in an SRS document?
Can a software developer in India move to tech sales and have a successful career? (I have 3 years of experience in development.) Are there any suggestions for doing this?
What job should I choose during hard times for software and IT?
How do I start up a software company and how do I get projects?
When software engineers leave big technology giants in the USA like Google, MS, Amazon, and Apple, do those companies give an employment experience certificate?
What algorithms and data structures are included for software students?
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
Can I become a software devoloper and a web developer?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
What is the best software to design a watch from scratch?
What does it mean to have experience with a Linux operating system in the job requirements for a software engineering position?
What is the annual cost to study software engineering?
How can I develop employee management software using VB.NET 10 and MS Access 2007?
How do I integrate WebRTC with VR?
I have a software idea to make healthcare clinics better. Where should I start?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
When does Accenture start their campus drive for associate software engineers from the current batch that is passing out?
What is the dress code of engineers in various software companies?
How do I utilize my time during my job as a software developer? As I am distract from my aim.
What are my options in Switzerland as a software engineer?
What is Digital Notice Board software?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
Can I get software job in Russia?
Where can I find out more about Access, the Office software?
Did you ever meet a software engineer from your company who inspired others to be successful in the IT field?
Should I become a software engineer or not?
Is knowledge of designing softwares necessary for doing MS in motorsports?
What skills are expected from a software engineering manager with field experience of 20 years?
What are the programming software an ECE engineer should learn in order to get a good package?
What might be the first salary of a software engineer?
What is a good, complete book on software engineering?
What are some of the best ways a software engineer can prepare self for a new Entrepreneurial role?
What work does the Hewlett-Packard software company do in Chennai?
Can an electrical engineer survive in the software industry without knowing C and data structures properly?
MS in Computer Science (specialization: Data Analytics) in University of Houston or MS in software Engineering in SJSU?
What should programmers know about Azure to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
At the age of 40, can I get a software job?
How much do the people running their own small software companies in India make?
Can I do a computer science/software engineering project related to migraines somehow?
Should I appear for IELTS again, or try for an Australian 189 visa?
Which well-renowned software was developed in C#?
What are some good software companies in Bangladesh with a good work environment and a decent salary?
What are the main differences among computer engineering, IT and software engineering?
How can I know if I'm ready for a software engineering position?
What are my chances of finding a part-time programming job while getting a master's?
What does the software engineering and development market need nowadays according to databases knowledge and skills, and how to learn this fast?
Which are the other softwares like anthroplus?
What qualities do I need to call myself a software developer?
I’m a software developer who has jumped companies almost every year. How do I make my career path in the future?
To what extent does solving problems in competitive programming look like solving real life problems in software engineering and development position?
Can a data scientist at Amazon refer for a software engineering position?
Why is there a need for software development outsourcing?
How do I clear the HSBC recruitment process for a trainee software engineer?
What is your opinion on working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
What are the key consideration before choosing offshore software development services?
For an aspiring software developer without a CS degree, what certifications will look good on my resume?
What was a starting software engineer’s salary for each year, from 2000 to 2017, in India?
What do all computer engineers, IT engineers and software engineers think of EVM tampering?
Which tests should I take to get a full funded scholarship from the US in software engineering? What volunteer works should I do? I am from Afghanistan.
Are the courses and job opportunities offered by SJSU's MS software engineering special session (off campus) similar to the on-campus MS SE?
What are some online databases for a React application?
Which concepts of maths are required to be mastered to be a better software professional?
How is the scope of firmware programming compared to application programming in software industry?
What is Argus software used for?
What should programmers know about Kubernetes to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
What are the other ways to start a company other than software related?
Should a data scientist be able to produce software?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
Is PMI-ACP certification useful outside software development? Are Agile methods useful for, let's say, manufacturing or services?
What does it take to study Computer Science at MIT?
Can we copy any paid software?
Which software is best for testing the efficiency of a building?
Would you say programming is easier in modern times?
What is an effective way of sourcing for engineering equipment?
Which are the software industries in Bangladesh that mostly work with Javascipt technologies?
Do software engineers ever regret their profession?
Is a software developer job the right choice?
Is it worth it to switch to Salesforce development after 8 years and 6 months of experience in software testing/test automation/QA?
What software skills are in demand in Canada?
What are some of the interesting topics in the research field of computer science for a student taking his master’s degree to choose from?
How can I block the content from certain websites so that my elderly mother does not continue to get scammed? I prefer software for PC.
Which job/role within a company contracts a software development vendor?
What topics should I be prepared for in a software development engineer interview after working for 1-1.5 years?
Is Unix (or Linux) the most permanent thing in software?
How relevant are programming languages for me if I don't want to be a coder or a software developer? I am a business student.
Is there any way to search text within screenshots?
What do you need to know/do in order to stand out as a software engineer?
I work as a developer in an IT company. I don't have any backup if I lose my job. What should I do?
Can a mathematician work as a software developer?
How can one learn software engineering from knowing nothing to being a pro online?
How can I estimate the population of software developers in a country?
What is Ransomware software and who develops them?
Should I accept an offer for a full-time job from Yelp or Amazon as a Software Developer?
After passing the 10 class, how much time does it take to be a software engineer?
Which course can I choose for my master’s if I have a Bachelor's in Engineering (automobile) and worked as a software developer?
How do I move from a software quality engineer profile to software pre sales?
Which is Zuckerberg’s software for kids to learn coding?
Why is it important to invest in software testing services?
What kind of skills are required for manual testing, and what are the role and responsibilities of a software tester?
Which cost should I keep an eye on in order to keep the overall cost of software development down and why?
Does a degree or experience talk better in software engineering, as well as to be a part of reputed companies?
How do I design a product catalog for a software company?
What branch should I take in engineering if I don't want to do desk job? I’d rather invent new designs, software, etc.
Is it too old to become a software tester at 35 years old?
Why do many engineers switch out of engineering after a few years?
Who carried out the world's largest hacking attack on 12 May 2017?
Which country should one choose in order to do a bachelor’s in software engineering, and at which university?
What kind of job should a software engineer do after 45?
What are some of the costs incurred when developing software?
I want to create a REST API and use it for my mobile application (retrieving simple data). What language and framework would be the best choice?
Is it true that only software engineers with algorithms and data structures earn way more than other domains?
How do I start my carrier as software developer?
How do I become a smart software engineer if I am currently a stupid one?
What potential ethical issues do software manufacturers face in making trade-offs between project schedules, project costs, and software quality?
As a trainee QA engineer, should I learn Python or Java? Which will be more useful for my QA career?
Currently I am working as Qa engineer but I want to change my career and be a software developer.How should I proceed to achieve this?
What are important theories a good software engineer better learn?
Which courses are helpful in software development?
Will getting a certificate in computer science help me land a job as a web developer and/or as a software engineer?
Where can I get a clone of Zarfund with the source code?
What if I don't update my mobile software regularly?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
As a software engineer, should I focus on getting a multitechnology, jack-of-all-trades kind of experience or master one technology experience?
How hard is it to grow into a developer role from another department?
What are the differences between software engineering and ICT? I am interested in computers but can't decide what to get involved in.
Can I use my experience as a software engineer to be admitted into Stanford?
What will be the software companies’ prospects in the coming years?
Why does FIXME do our code in comments? Does it encourage programmers to do more comments in their code?
What Microsoft (MCSE or MCSD) is needed to apply for ACS if a candidate with a science educational background is working as a software engineer (testing)?
What should programmers know about AWS to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Why does Python cover so many software development areas?
How is data stored and retrieved on a disk?
How do large organizations like Google and Microsoft structure their software development teams, given that they have multiple products?
What are some simple software products you know?
What's the difference between a DevOps engineer and a back-end developer? If so, what are their roles and what should one have studied?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
What language should I first learn for software development? How should I carry on from there?
What is the salary of a senior software developer in Credit Suisse in Raleigh?
What does an ideal day look like for a trainee software engineer in a small company?
What are the proxy software tools?
What is the difference between a software developer and a software programmer? Which job is the best one to get?
Which tool category provides the benefit of covering the entire software development life cycle?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
What would be an equivalent salary in Vancouver for a software consulting manager who is making $130k in Minneapolis?
Is it good to learn workflow/BPM tools for a developer/coder with 5+ years of experience?
What is a better option to choose - software testing engineer or networking analyst to pursue as a career?
I work as a S/W intern and am interested in S/W development. I have an operations engineer offer but I am also in talks with tier 1 S/W companies. What should I do?
Why do companies require high-quality software in business systems, industrial process control systems, and consumer products?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
How can I be a senior software engineer in Google?
What is the highest paying software development role in India?
How does a software development CA enhance a business?
Are there any options for work from home for a software tester in India?
Which career is better salary-wise, a software developer or CCIE security?
Which planets are responsible for good software engineers, in astrology?
Is screen capture editing a good idea for a final-year software engineering project?
Is there a practical way of using R which does not require installation of software on a personal computer?
How much will competitive programming benefit my software engineering career?
How do software companies in the medical industry support their customers when seeing the data on a user's screen would be a violation of HIPAA?
Is it a good idea to transition from a software engineer to an insurance agent?
If I apply to a tech company in another state, what's the interview process?
What other software packages can be connected within the EMR system?
What is salary for software engineer at Deerwalk Nepal?
Should software be designed to fit the business requirements or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software?
Is it advisable to join SPJIMR Mumbai (marketing) if one is already earning 9+ LPA (software engineer)? My specialization preference is marketing only.
What should software developers do when they are getting old?
How do I generate reports using a school system software?
How is it to work in Mahindra Comviva in the post of software engineer-IV?
Which field has more growth: digital marketing or software development?
Which are the software testing tools institutes use in Pune?
What's the difference between a developer, programmer, and software engineer?
How is Quora useful to software engineers?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
How is the career growth in Zenoti Hyderabad for a software developer (fresher)?
What kind of development takes place in the zygote in organisms with a diplonitic and a haplo-diplonitic life cycle?
How does a tester work?
How many types of agile software testing are there?
Does software engineers make a lot of money compared to other jobs like doctors, attorneys, and bank investments?
If I have no relevant degree and no prior experience, what are good certifications to break into web/software development with?
Is there a way to connect stripe to intercom?
What if Oracle software acquired Yahoo! or Opera software?
I have completed B.Com with 48% marks. Now what should I do next to get a high paying job?
Alan Kay, could you give an example of when software development has driven hardware development?
What are some very old software you still use?
What is the difference between regression, sanity and smoke testing?
Which is the best chemical engg. software that has a good future scope?
What does it mean to "stand up" a server?
Which DevOps tool is best for the future?
What is the best vendor rating software?
With the increase in automation, is the need for developers decreasing? Should I choose my career in software development or data science?
What is system software along with an example that can help users?
Which companies host hackathons or other software engineering events?
How do you approach upper level management if you have developed a piece of software for your company?
Which content should be included in a software-testing portfolio?
How can I earn 10-15L rupees per month as a software engineer?
What's the difference between a support engineer and DevOps engineering roles at Amazon?
How can augmented reality be useful in the travel industry?
Is heightism prevalent in the software industry? (I’m 5.4" here.)
What are the biggest demands in the Silicon Valley job market of software engineers?
Which career option has better future - Android applicant development or C++ coding and software development?
What requirements are available in the SRS document?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
Will there be too many software engineers?
Who is a senior software engineer? At what point do you know you are a senior software engineer? Are there really any checklists?
How have the traditional Marxist ideas of 'property owners' and 'workers' changed with the advent of business software?
How do I develop an interest in coding and developing without getting bored?
Can I use InterviewBit as a fresher to prepare for software development roles? If so, what do I need to do to get referred?
Which certification should I go for? I graduated in CS, having 2.7 years of work experience, plus a diploma in software engineering.
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
What will the best project topic be on software that I can use to make attractive and useful software?
Just got a new laptop, what software should I install for web development?
What is AN Software?
How does QA help you to release your software faster?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
Which are the universities in Germany which teach (undergraduate) software engineering in English and how do I apply for that?
What are the most well-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
Could you become a software engineer with a BS in Mathematics?
What software development processes are used in a university laboratory that is a small group?
What can I do to become a software engineer? At the present time, I am in the 12th class and my subjects are science and maths.
What is the usual total compensation per year for a software engineer to work at Google, in Silicon Valley, and on Wall Street?
Which software developers do I know to trust with my legally unprotected idea?
How do I get a software developer job in Korea?
What is the difference between a systems engineer, an informatics engineer and a computer engineer?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
How many consultancies are there in Bangalore for software?
What is the difference between computer engineering, software engineering and IT engineering?
I'm working as a software engineer in an organization. I always wanted to be a pilot. Is it possible for me to switch my career?
What are your recommendations on how to onboard DevOps engineers?
Which company will be better to join as a software engineer - Intuit or GE Digitals?
What project or company uses the waterfall model?
What can a software developer do?
What is your experience working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
Which operating system is best for SolidWorks software?
Can I get software engineering in the SRM main campus with a rank of 31k?
How is the MS research course in CS/software engineering at IIIT Bangalore?
How can I create a combination algorithm software?
If there is no software information can I still use StartApp?
Is the process of interviews for a software engineer and a research scientist the same at Google aka Alphabet?
I'm an architectural technologist looking to go into the field of software engineering. Which software packages should I prepare to learn?
Is the kernel system software or application software?
What are the most innovative open source software projects related to cybersecurity?
What are some good video tutorials on design patterns in C++, Java and Python?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
What kind of interview will it be in Cornerstone OnDemand for a senior software engineer from Bangalore?
Can an electrical engineering student survive in software industry without knowing all CSE subject?
If a software developer didn't meet the deadline how should a good manager respond? Does pushing developer to work For long hours a right thing to do?
Recently, I joined a software firm with a healthy salary and benefits, but I now don't feel comfortable there. Should I quit or try to continue?
How do I hide my bias better when it comes to my ideas/work over others?
How do I switch professions from being a software engineer to being a full-time stock investor?
What type of glass do they use on the exterior of a smartphone camera?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What is the role of a software developer in Infosys? Do they really develop or just copy-paste from Google?
Which report writing software does your company use?
Why is a medial test required in software companies?
Alan Kay, how have engineers you respect implemented your advice to build their own hardware and software?
Are there a lot of software/web developer jobs for junior devs that aren't posted on the usual job boards? Is there kind of a shadow, personal network thing?
Should I leave my developer job that mostly consists of maintaining and fixing very ugly code written by absolute beginners? More in details.
When should dev teams start investing in speed?
Are QA roles considered inferior to other roles in IT because it's just about evaluating other's work?
If I am using a one year renewal licensed software to develop a software product, should I capitalize or expense the license?
Which software is important for an architecture student?
What is the perfect lifestyle of a software professional?
What topics do I need to be perfect for getting a job as an entry level software developer or Java developer?
Is there more competition in the software engineering or statistics fields?
Are there any good books or resources for learning about Agile from a service perspective vs. a software development perspective?
How's the job outlook for new software engineers in 5 to 10 years?
How does a screenshot work in a software perspective?
Does Salesforce India offer opportunities to software engineers to join the US office through internal mobility or internal job postings?
Is there anyone familiar with Life Cycle Assessment software such as GREET?
Is there a UML model that shows the technology ecosystem in one diagram?
What are the steps that will be done after the completion of writing the Java code in software industries?
Can a software developer in India add a previous unpaid internship to their current experience while applying for jobs in Naukri? Is it legal?
Why should I choose software testing in place of electrical testing?
What is a good Windows laptop to get as a software engineer?
How can I find out my chances of getting accepted into Penn State World Campus’ software engineering program?
How can one supplement their income while working in Accenture India as a software engineer?
Do “senior developer” and “good developer” mean the same thing?
What is the difference in IT engineering, telecom engineering, software engineering and computer engineering?
Why are software company managers sadistic?
What is green software engineering?
Is it harder to become a doctor that earns 300K or a software engineers that earns 300K, considering I am equally good at both fields?
What are the best practices for business verification in Agile software development, especially Kanban?
How good is ThreadSol for a software engineer position?
Do you know all the aspects of software outsourcing development overseas yet?
How do I launch software product as a teen?
Will JavaScript ever get useful binary operators for objects?
What was the first application software?
What is the hierarchy of the documents which get created in software or apps and website development projects? Name and describe those documents.
Is it easy to get a job as a software engineer in Saudi Arabia?
Is there free software similar to Teleport by Abyssoft?
In the USA, how much does a software engineer make from working for a tech startup?
How long, on average, does it take to be intellectually comfortable/competent as a software developer?
How many modules should I develop for my hospital management application software?
What are the advantages of software development company?
If I am interested in software which program should I accept, CE at Waterloo, CS at Waterloo or software engineering at Mcgill and why?
How can software packages be acquired?
What do software engineers in India do to supplement their income?
Is it legal for an Indian company to sell software to a company in Pakistan?
Which Math applications do software programmers confront daily in their jobs?
Which subjects do I need to master if I want to join Google for the role of software engineer?
What tools do I need to build a REST API?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
How do I search for an internship/job opportunity available in the US for structural engineers? How do I understand the firm's software requirements?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
How does an automation test engineer in IT (software) earn more than a manual test engineer in the same field?
Where can I find exclusivity agreement sample for a software company?
Why do Nigerian tech entrepreneurs not care much about writing detailed software architecture designs of their solutions prior to building their startup?
How can I get job offerings from big companies with a good salary since I am working as a software tester?
Are algorithms and data structures what make a software developer good?
How do I become a software engineer with a civil engineering degree?
Is the best path to becoming a data scientist to focus on becoming a software engineer first (for someone with no statistics or programming background)?
What is meant by floating licence in a software product?
What sort of software-related jobs are being performed at Magic, Inc. Philippines?
Where is a good place to search or post jobs for software engineers?
Which is the best field for an engineer to switch to from software testing, besides development?
How can I customize Soft Tech V6?
Will machine learning/AI slow the demand for software developers?
What are the best system software books?
What's the hardest part of successfully automating a system?
How do I scroll ViewPager when placed in a NestedScrollView in an Android activity?
As a product manager, what are other software development methods besides Agile that are still relevant in the workforce?
Where can I learn AUTODYN software online?
How do I learn software development skills if I am from an IT support background and currently working as a DevOps engineer?
How is ASU’s MS program for software engineering?
Is it common to provide briefing documents to junior software developers for a task? If so, what would you include in a typical one?
What is the best software to make a Toon movie?
Where can I find a full-time testing job or testing tutoring from home? I am a software tester with around 7 years of experience.
Do you need to be proficient in higher level mathematics to become a senior software engineer?
Where do I study for software engineering in India?
Is it true that computer programming is 99% self-taught?
Recently at my company, we've turned more to outsource companies for development. I am a new developer, how can I build my skills in this environment?
How do I make it to Silicon Valley as a future software developer?
What is a good score in the NTS GAT with a 2.9 CGPA? I need a scholarship for a master’s in software engineering.
What are the different business that are linked with the stock market (e.g. brokerage firms, mutual funds, etc.)?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be suddenly fired?
How can I become a Visual designer in a software company?
What happens to old QA engineers?
How can we avoid losing our jobs to artificial intelligence?
How can I become a kernel overlord?
As a software engineer, how often are you promoted?
What are the benefits of a software development company?
What is the typical hourly consultant rate for a good software engineer in Seattle?
Is it possible to earn around 50 lakh per annum at Google India, after about 3 years of software development experience?
Why do titles such as "senior software engineer" or "principal engineer" exist at software companies?
As a fresher, what kind of growth can I expect in the software field?
What is your view on the use of remote teams on software development (offshore/nearshore sourcing)?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Australia?
Going to work as a first time entry level web-developer (front-end) that collaborates with the back-end team. How do I know I am ready for this job?
Do software engineers or doctors have a higher net worth?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
Is a computer science degree that’s based heavily on theory valuable for someone who wants to become a software developer/engineer?
How do I get a girlfriend, being a software developer?
Are there relatively few software positions at SpaceX?
What features do build servers need to support building infrastructure, on top of continuous integration of building software?
Some people have said that to be a software engineer one has to be humble, but most software engineers are the opposite of humble. Why is that?
Is our boring future going to be moving from software development to tools configuration in big companies with big projects?
What is the best career advice for someone with 2 years of experience in software testing (manual)?
Who is an ideal demographic client for a software development company?
How can Discrete Structures be co-related to software engineering?
When is the best time to apply for a job at Google India for the position of software engineer?
What should be the strategy to develop a software?
What are some workflows for test-driven development of RESTful API server apps?
Can software engineers change from developing to the testing domain? If so, which testing tool is good to learn in the present era?
What is a possible PhD research topic/problem in the software engineering process (focus on Agile philosophy and on SCRUM specifically)?
What type of programming does a tester need to do and which programming languages are needed to be a good tester besides the testing tools?
What is the most needed software technology in software companies in Hyderabad among Java, Android and Ruby on Rails?
Is FreeCodeCamp only for yet-to-be-developers?
How do I find out what software companies use?
How easy is it to get PR in Canada for a software developer having 3 years of experience?
What are the seminal papers in software engineering that everyone interested in the area must read?
Is it a wise decision for a software engineer with 7 years of experience, who wants a career switch to academics, to try pursuing an MS in CS?
How do we get to know during software design that the hardware (Intel Edison) has enough computational​ power to run the software?
What do you think about engineering and life as an engineer?
Should I study hardware or software from Canada?
How can a software engineer manage his salary, if he gets 6 LPA in Pune?
How much detail about projects at my current company can I include in my resume?
When developing for the global environment, should software be designed to fit the business requirements, or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software? Why?
What would the feature of software testing?
What are all options of career growth available for software test engineers?
Can I become a software engineer by studying physics in a university?
What is a daily routine that can help me be fit, healthy, smart and wealthy? I am a 26-year-old male software engineer working 9 to 6.
What are the must have skills for a programmer in 2017?
Is there a way to make a backup of my system software’s (Windows 10) and get all of the software’s back on a fresh OS installation?
What is the real meaning of 'technical debt' in Agile processes?
When testing your code, have you ever encountered a bug that wasn't your fault?
What do software engineers do for Amazon?
What is the best way to find good software testing services?
In a subscription software company, what are the best practices and in-between alternatives to handling prospective customers’ perpetual license demands?
How should I do in college to be a good software engineer?
What are your thoughts on Free Code Camp?
Why do big software companies (like Microsoft or Adobe) force my native language installing software, not giving me the chance to select English?
Are there any projects to make a non-toy grade block programming language like Scratch?
How many hours do working professionals aspiring for the CAT manage to sleep? If they sleep less, how do they manage to work productively at the office the next day?
Which career path is best for a software engineer who is not passionate about architecting technical projects, but who wants to grow?
How do you ensure distributed services/systems processing of a single request completes?
What plays the role of interface between software and hardware?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
What is the best optimal path for Switching Career to from software developer to Data scientist?
What skills are required to be a good/great software engineer?
Which is the best area to buy flat in Bangalore for a software engineer?
Can a BCA holder become a great software developer?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Do software developers need a solid aerospace background in order to work at SpaceX?
Can a software developer with an experience of 1 year get a job in marketing?
Can anyone give me the software, FUN3D Version 13.x ,which is created by NASA?
If you are a software engineer and you are willing to move anywhere in the world to start a family, where would you go?
What are the designations available in Bank of America Continuum? In how many years can a person become a senior software engineer?
What is field testing?
How good would you have to be to get paid $3 million a year as a software engineer?
What is the most successful software with the fewest lines of code and what does it do?
​What does Alan Cooper think of the Agile development process?
Are enterprise customers willing to pay for SaaS software, reducing the time spent on meetings in large organizations ?
Should I move from Singapore to Germany as a software engineer?
What are the different software pricing models?
How do I manage the coding/development of my idea?
In Scratch, how do I make a script/block that will create a variable or a list?
What are the top MNCs for a performance tester/engineer?
Is it more beneficial to be a mechanical engineer who knows code or a software engineer who wants to dabble in mechanics?
What companies in Davis are hiring software engineers?
Is the work of Texas Instruments’ embedded engineers more about hardware or software?
Do doctors get more net worth than software engineers at the end if they start working as soon as they finished their degrees?
What is the use of the codes the one software engineers write? Explain in layman’s language.
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
Why should we study physics and chemistry to become a software engineer?
Where can I find a short introduction to Python for someone who has experience with C/C++?
How can a jack-of-no-trades full-stack/front-end engineer find another job?
How do I implement progressive image loading?
How would you guess whether an application is more CPU or GPU heavy?
What kind of things should we consider during project milestone creation?
Quincy Larson: what's one book you recommend to fill the gap between CS and coding bootcamps?
What is the industry standard ratio for internal tools developers to product developers in a tech organization?
Can you explain "A unit test that touches the file system is not a unit test"?
What tech companies have the strongest engineering team?
I am a software developer at Amazon. I have a start-up idea. How can I proceed forward for funding, team building, and other stuff?
I want to become a software developer. What languages should I learn first?
Is it worth to get a Master’s degree in software engineering from Kennesaw State University?
What are the best agile software development firms in London?
What are the prerequisites for automotive software engineering?
Which platform is better for a software engineer between Java and PHP to create the best market for himself?
What's better to pursue, a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or software engineering?
What is the salary of a management trainee intern after absorption in the software company Epsilon?
Why should we use software configuration management?
What are some alternative career paths for mid-level software employees, specifically in India?
As a student without experience, but with the knowledge in software development, how can I start a huge software development project?
Besides software development, what reasonably paid lines of work rely on a lot of self-taught individuals?
Which intel development board is the best equivalent to a Raspberry Pi 3 Model?
What is the future scope of being a software engineer in the IT sector?
How soon will AI and ML make software developers obsolete?
How can I find a developer job with a non-CS degree in India?
I want to start my startup for software development, Where can I get projects (except freelancing websites)?
Is it good to switch to hardware engineering from software engineering with 3 years of experience? If so, what company placements and career growth can I expect?
If data scientist is my first job, does that make it harder to get a job in software engineering in the future?
Should I list "customer support agent" in my CV for a software engineer job?
Can a manual tester become an AWS architect?
Why is there a need for a software development company?
How is the future in Laravel for a software engineer?
Do software developers at their mid 20s need to worry about ageism in Silicon Valley when they are getting old?
I have an offer from Tesla. What should I expect after I join as a software engineer, in terms of ramp-up time, layoffs, etc., and how is the work culture?
Is 5 years a reasonable amount of time to try to become an engineer?
How many lines of code are in .NET Core?
What is the hiring process like for software engineers in Nepalese tech companies?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
What was your first week like at your first software engineering job?
Is anyone looking for software testing?
Why do engineering titles such as "Senior" or "Principal" exist at software companies?
Why is there a need for software testing services?
Is it possible to run a software company alone?
What does the average network engineer know that the average software engineer does not know about computer systems?
Does Vi have a help command?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Germany?
How good is career as a software engineer in Business Analytics?
This is an era of computer, social networking and modern tools utilization, a part from the softwares how can we (civil engineers) be at par with this?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
How do I develop IT for the automation of SME purchasing?
Is there any dream company for civil engineers like Google for software people?
What are some common applications for software distribution files?
What are the requirements for switching jobs for one with a 2-year experience in software testing (manual)?
What are the do's and don’ts for startups in the software field?
What is the best software for watch designing?
What are examples of manufacturing engineering software?
If you are a software developer in your mid 20s, are you afraid of getting old and losing your job?
How do I become Java developer from a manual tester?
What are the advantages of software development outsourcing?
Should I pursue an MS in computer science after having 6 years of experience as a software engineer?
How can I integrate my Windows software with my CNC software?
What are the design bugs in software?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be unemployed for a long time?
Would you hire a Free Code Camp camper?
Which angular version is used in software companies in India?
How do I make my team more agile?
How is manufacturing engineering software made for such an specific industry?
Is it true that software development is a dead end job after 30 and most software developers can only start their own companies?
Which of the largest technology companies do not require code interviewing when recruiting new developers?
Is it possible to switch internally in Samsung R&D, from a white box tester to a software developer profile?
How do I find a software engineer job in Ecuador?
Does a software engineer become a sadist after marriage?
Which top graduate schools offer professional master's degrees in CS, software engineering, or data science?
What is it like to transition from a product engineer to an infrastructure engineer?
What kind of companies or work profile offers interdisciplinary, challenging and innovation demanding problem solving task for engineering background in India?
Why there are no positions for manual QA engineers any more?
Which type of software minor projects will develop for learning?
Why is software development outsourcing a need?
How do I select the right software testing company?
I am willing to sacrifice all of my free time to learn algorithms and prepare the Google interview in 1 year, how should I start?
Can I switch to the software field from the teaching field?
How can I move from RBEI to Bosch Software Innovation?
I have been in the USA as a Dot Net programmer for 4 years. The pay is quite a bit less in the market when compared to other programming languages. What are some suggestions for me?
What is meant by deploying to stages (production/development)?
What are the Microsoft sites used by software developers?
What is the exam conducted by Google to recruit software engineers?
How can I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
Which is the best choice for Engineering: SRM University (ECE, IT, SWE), Chennai (KTR), or Chandigarh University, Punjab (CSE)? I love coding.
How hard is it to get the job in TCS US as a software engineer?
Does Gordon Miller think a computer science degree or software engineering degree is more useful?
What are passes in system software?
Is it common to be asked to take psychometric tests for software engineering roles?
What are some techniques for testing and debugging data-handling applications?
What is the best software development book you read in 2016?
If a computer breaks down, what happens to the software in it?
Working as a programmer, is it useful to study by heart standard algorithms such as Dijkstra, Quicksort and so on, or do you just Google them and use them?
Can a software developer at D. E. Shaw in Bangalore get opportunities to transfer internally to an office in the USA?
After how many years are software projects usually replaced (or rewritten so substantially they could be considered new)?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
Which is the best software company in Hubli?
What is the difference between software engineering and computer science engineering? And which one has major opportunities in placement?
What is a software research engineer at Google?
Which software companies in India offer compensation to study along with doing the job?
What are the best courses related to databases that a software engineer should do?
What are the historical landmarks in the development of software systems worldwide?
In the sense of software architecture qualities, which social network/media is well designed and what qualities matter most?
How do I change jobs, from a software engineer to a flight attendant?
What post will a service engineer get after 5 years of experience?
What are simple ways to monitor and improve web performance?
How can I prepare for an interview for business analysis in a software company?
How do you handle push requests of feature branches based on other feature branches?
Which are the top software QA automation tools in high demand right now?
Which regulations or ISO policies does a software development in Germany have to have?
What is an example of a non-software project that uses Agile?
Is reusability in software development a joke?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
What is maintainability in software engineering?
What kind of skills or tools experience do I need to get a software engineering job?
What is the application for a waterfall model?
Why did you change your field from electronics to software?
How difficult is it to change your profile from Manual Tester to Java Developer in Cognizant? What's the procedure?
Why is it essential to have the services of a software testing company?
If software development is hard, why is it hard?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their knowledge?
How does one transition to the business side, after spending 20 years as a software engineer?
Is a QA role in software looked down upon, since it requires less technical skills than a developer?
Would working as a software engineer help me in MBA?
Why do game developers make so little money in comparison to software engineers?
How I can calculate my hourly rate as a software freelancer with 6 years of experience?
What are some cases in which test driven development does not work?
Are software developers the miners/workers of the 21st century?
What is the best way to structure an Android team?
How can I apply design patterns to the real scenario?
If I have a software or service developed for hospitals, what are the best possible methods for promoting it with lesser investment but high outreach?
Why aren’t software engineers happy with their life?
How do I switch to a more promising role within IT after 4.5 years in software testing?
What does base fork, base, head fork and compare mean when creating a pull request in GitHub?
Is it true that Indian IT engineers’ resumes are filled with fake data?
What is a ground maintenance software?
What are the additional skills that can be developed for a good career in a software field?
What can be done to meet a development deadline without adding additional developers?
Which would be better for a fresher, becoming a software developer at ZOHO Corporation or a software developer at OpenText Technologies?
What are some signs that someone should consider PM instead of classic engineering?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their skills/knowledge in their domain?
How many employees will I need to start a software company/firm?
Which is the best time for getting a job: September and October or January and February?
How can I be non-egotistical as a software engineer?
Is Spotify engineering team satisfied with ReactJS?
Will studying IT help you get a job at a high-tech software company (including the gaming industry)?
Which company makes software?
Are there any testing hackathons for software testers?
What is the best way (step-by-step) to become a software engineer in a short amount of time?
What are the things that a developer likes to see in a project/issue management app?
How do I go from zero to hero in the computer science or software profession?
In software which language is preferred to learn?
Will average salaries decline for software developers in India in the next decade?
How do I implement feature matching in MATLAB?
How do I partner with a company to use their software/products in a niche market that I have found?
What should I learn in BS? Software Engineering or Computer Science?
What would be my salary after 10 years in Adobe if I started as a fresher software engineer in India?
How do I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
What things do I need to take care of while picking a software testing company?
Which is the best software for system cleaner and performance booster?
Which industry is least likely to lay software engineer employees off in an economic downturn - consumer electronics, devices, or financial services?
I am working as a software developer for 1 year but I am more interested in functional career rather than technical. What should I do?
What is the average salary of a software developer with 5-10 years of experience in Brisbane, Australia?
How can I buy software for my company?
Which will be better, CDac or software testing coaching for job purposes, for the M.ECE 2015 batch?
In what kind of software development does IQ have the least impact?
When can I consider myself as a fit entity to be a software developer?
What are the best resources to prepare for this specific software engineering interview?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with 49000 rank?
How do you pronounce Vi?
Is Moody’s Analytics (Copal Amba) Bangalore a good company to work for as a software developer?
What are my chances of getting admitted into Saarland University?
What is the future of a computer science bachelor degree holder? And are they better than software engineers?
How long will it take me to make six figures in UK or USA  as a contractor software developer starting from a college level education?
Why did you choose software testing as a career?
Which career will be better in the future in terms of pay - a software engineer or digital marketer?
What is the better career, software developer or digital marketing?
What computer skills does one learn under a digital humanities course?
How do project managers control the scope of software development projects?
How can anyone learn Machine Learning and Data Science from an absolute beginner and get a job in India?
What kind of non-social technical jobs require less regular reading than software development and pay decently?
Is it possible to accept a pull request into a new branch?
What should be the salary for a software developer (ASP.NET) with 4 years’ experience in Ahmedabad?
Which software companies in Indore give the best package to freshers for software testing?
What is the best 3D software for architects?
Do software engineer attain better position in Infosys than electrical engineer in any core company?
What’s the difference between hardware and software implementations (ex: floating point)? Doesn’t the software eventually convert to hardware?
Can I expect a software engineering seat in SRM University’s main campus with a rank of 38604, since last year's closing rank for software engineering was 40k (in the main campus)?
How could a startup make channel partners in the software industry?
How many software professionals (developers, architects, project managers) are there in Dubai and in other GCC countries?
What is the origin of the term to "port" software?
Is software engineering a good choice in VIT? How is it different from CASE or IT?
What are the most in-demand projects and skills for a freelance software engineer?
Who is the top software development company in Kerala?
What is the best software for end-to-end automation (for big companies)?
Is it mandatory to provide "software code(s)" when getting a software patent for a novel which is not obvious?
What is the best option after Civil Engineering if you are not placed from college?
A famous computer scientist observed that stable hardware fosters innovative software, while stable software fosters innovative hardware. Who wrote that and where? (Could it be Knuth, Lampson, or Thacker?)
Which companies uses coding with NX software for doing dimensioning automation?
What are some tips for creating and cultivating a web performance driven culture at a tech company?
What are top websites where software professinals reside?
If you are a software developer who is in your late 20s or early 30s, do you think that you will still work as a software developer at 35?
Once I learn to code, will I be able to start a small freelance or software company over time?
How do I analyse a building with lead rubber bearing in ETABS?
Is a master’s degree necessary in China for a software engineer?
How good is 75,000 Canadian dollars for a software engineer with six years of experience in Mississauga, Canada?
What processes strengthen for developers?
Should I buy a MacBook or a Windows laptop as an intermediate software developer?
Is most technical feedback about a product from users who don't work at the company useless?
What to do for clearing testing interview in SAP HR with no prior knowledge? I am a tester with 2 years of functional testing experience.
Recently, we launched a software online inventory system at www.darulsoftwares.com. How can we sell this software?
What should I major in, computer science (software engineering specialization) or (software engineering)?
Does the stock exchange in India provide a platform for software developers?
How do the big tech companies use Python efficiently given its lack of static type checking and other aspects of modern software engineering?
After 2 years in the industry, is it normal to have so much of your code rewritten by a senior web developer/software engineer?
Why can't I attend experience interviews as a software engineer?
What types of projects can a freelancer software developer develop?
What are the services a software testing company offers?
What do people at Apple think about Microsoft?
What should be the salary of an ASP.NET software developer with 4 years of experience?
What are the 7 wastes of software development?
What annual salary should I expect in Suffolk, England, with 7 years of experience as a .NET software developer?
In software development, who is the person that goes out and gets the requirements for a project?
How can I get in touch with Java developers who are currently working in the software industry?
Why are software engineers not happy with their daily life?
Is there any chance a software engineer can serve Indian army?
How do you learn what good architecture is? As a junior software developer, I have trouble with this when starting a new project.
I am working as a software engineer. I want to crack SBI IT officer exam. Should I go with the preparation along with job or just focus on my job?
It's a matter of trust! How can I hijack my site from the programmer that developed it?
What is the use of a reliability study in software engineering?
Where is the Rubrik India Development Center located, and how competitive is the hiring for fresher software engineers?
Which are the outdated software developing technologies?
You have 3 months to code/learn as much as possible to try and land interviews for software engineering internships in the fall. Where do you start?
What type of degree do you have to have if you want to be a software engineer?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with a rank of 20k?
How can I become a software architect at Google or Facebook?
Should I take an IT intern role if I want to do software engineering?
Is web development considered in software engineering?
Which one is better to start as a fresher having very few coding experience, being a NOC engineer, a malware trainee or going into software testing?
Is a 6 lakh per annum CTC good enough for a web developer with five years of experience to live in Mumbai?
What are some examples of a subcutaneous test in software development?
What is the difference between CSE, IT and software engineering at SRM in terms of placement, coding environment, etc.? Which campus should I choose?
Is there any bridging course available for a software tester who has migrated from India with a PR visa in hand?
How important is the time of year you apply for entry-level software engineering jobs?
How does Airbnb's Airflow compare to Spotify’s Luigi?
How is the Edulastic software used?
Which are the most demanding/trending fields in IT/software industry?
Are PHP developers software engineers?
What is the best option after completing a bachelor’s in software engineering?
How can independent developers make money from software development as a sustained model when Apple insists on free upgrades for users?
What are the best IT companies in Switzerland?
Have you taken the Bentley written test for software engineers?
How often do you find yourself ignoring functionality confirmation, when developing software?
How many hours does it take you to read through a technical or mathematical book?
How should a software engineer invest 40K savings?
Is there anyone who is looking for experience certificate in software?
What skills should I have after 2 years of experience in software testing?
Should I expect a lot of stress if I switch to a software developer job from EE?
Which is good to immigrate to for a software engineer from India, Canada or Australia?
Should I opt for a management quota seat at MPSTME CSE for 15 lakhs or RVCE ISE for 30 lakhs?
How do I get 15 lakh package jobs in the hardware domain initially, the way software developers get them in big companies?
If I am a new software engineer at Microsoft, what are things I can do early on to set me up for acceptance into the MS Emerging Leader Bench program?
What are the biggest causes of product delays (software)?
What is the quality of most of the software engineers in India?
Can a polycystic and diabetic woman work as software engineer?
Which is harder, software developing or web developing?
What software engineering project can I do in 10-15 days to make my resume look better for campus placements?
How can I apply for a software developer position in ZOHO? I have work experience. How will be the interview process, and how can I prepare for it?
Which are the best .NET software companies in India?
How healthy are the software engineers of India?
How do you start in cyber security?
What should we do to get a software job?
How do I impress readers through my resume's objective?
What happens when a push request is submitted after conflicting commits have been accepted to the source project?
What is the best software company in Indore?
What are the best advantages of CAM software?
How do you deal with failed projects as a software developer?
What are the advantages of Cadence software?
Does anyone ever regret going for an MBA from a software engineering background?
Customers frequently don't understand the effort required to build software solutions, particularly when it is an integration project, or something where there is not a UI. How do you manage their expectations?
Why am I not able to learn software technologies?
What are some good methods to evaluate the need for a legacy software application in an organization?
Would a network engineer or a software engineer make more money?
Is interning or working at Uber very beneficial for your future software engineering career?
Which effects does wireframing have on the development team?
What is the best path in the software industry in India, other than programming?
What should an electrical engineering undergraduate do to get an internship at software companies like Adobe or any other?
Is it appropriate to bob your head in the rythm of music at work as a software developer?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
Is MIT good for future software developers, specifically front-end?
What are the best software solutions for fresh produce wholesalers?
What software model is good for deadlines?
What is the purpose of software quality management?
In which field should I specialize?
Which technology/language in software engineering has a good scope and pays well?
Is it normal for remote developers that work for US software startups from other countries to earn way less than developers working onsite?
Can I get into MEng software engineering at the University of Manchester with AAB or A*AB for a level?
How can you adopt a SAFe methodology for microservices development?
Can I do multiple jobs if I have more than one interest (i.e. automobile designing and software developing)?
What are some uncommon tricks used to protect software from reverse engineering?
How should I respond to a manager who says "software developers do not need to analyze that much, so you should be an analyst"?
What package should I accept after 2 years of experience in software testing?
How do I understand very large code-bases quickly in a product-based company?
Who is the best competitor to Chegg who pays well for an software engineer?
If you work as a software engineer, what do you do? Why did you decide to take this job? What are the positive and negative aspects of becoming a software engineer? How can someone obtain the necessary knowledge to become a software engineer?
Can an average software engineer get an offer from booking.com?
How do I start a career as a software engineer from being a manual tester with 4.5 years of experience?
How easily can I get a job in the software field as a fresher?
Can I be successful in software engineering at SJSU if I am not good at math?
Is there a software to control an iPhone from a Macbook or Windows PC? I am not looking for software to mirror the screen but to actually control it?
Is Java a software?
Is Avenue IT Software a genuine company in Hyderabad?
What kinds of software are far more complex to develop than people (who aren't software engineers) realize?
I am trying to be a software developer. Should I learn R?
What is your advice for software project manager, having an MS in Technology background? Especially for those who are looking for change but are facing difficulties.
What online courses could I get to get a job in the USA as a software engineer if I have only a Russian diploma in computer science?
What is the best company for solid work software to do a job?
What frameworks or environments are in the highest demand for app development?
Are software engineers actually engineers?
Is getting a software engineering degree a better career move than getting a computer science degree?
What are the various courses that a software engineer or developer needs?
What is the most popular simulation software's for telecommunication?
What must I do to become an engineer? I have realized I don't want to be in my current major because it is not what I want to be (3 semesters in)?
Should I be concerned for my career as a software developer?
Can a non-maths student be a software engineer with PCB & C++ as subjects?
Can computer scientists create software programs that are impenetrable?
What are the product based software companies to offer a job in performance testing?
Is it common to not be able to get the dev version of a repo working locally when you start a new job?
How can I securely pay for the software system?
How do I work with a QA engineer with 10 years of experience who doesn't know how to rename a file in a command line?
How much time will it take to learn C# if I already know Java?
What is the Agile manifesto? What are 4 key points in it?
How important is it for a professional software developer to learn Vim?
Why would adding MPI slow down my CUDA/OpenMP parallel program, rather than speed it up?
Which profile is good for a computer science student as a fresher, a white box tester in Adobe or a software developer in a US-based startup company?
Is it normal for software companies to regularly have trainings for their engineers in the latest frameworks and tools?
How can I develop a JavaFX loan management system for a practice by modelling the system from a software engineering perspective before I start coding?
What are some differences between local development environments and the Continuous Integration server when making builds?
How long do software engineers spend taking customer requirements?
If you have a choice of having a software job or a business, which one would you choose and why?
How do I manage hand arthritis, being a software engineer?
Why are HTTPS requests not cacheable but HTTP can be?
To work as a low-level software developer (e.g. writing device drivers), is it better to study Electrical Engineering or Computer Science?
Is a Computer Science Engineering degree and a Software Engineering degree given the same value in the tech industry in the USA?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
What should I do with my local branch once I merge to my master’s?
I developed a software for billing and stock management for medical shops. How do I sell them?
Why I am I stressed to work as software engineer?
Our software expert, who has been handling our software for years, wants to quit. How do I replace the whole system?
How does your company/organization handle cloud account ownership?
Have you moved from software testing to Salesforce development?
Is it worth having an ITIL Foundation certificate for software professionals with 2 years of experience?
How can I become a millionaire by working at Infosys?
Which institute should I join for software testing, SEED or MindScript?
What are some ways that developers try to act cool around other developers?
How is the software testing profile at Samsung R&D Bangalore for a Tier 3 CSE grad?
What are the problems faced by humanity that can be solved by developing software?
What's the difference between Docker Swarm, Docker Compose and Docker Networks?
How does one ensure that in test-driven development, no code is written before a failing test is run?
What is some free software for an audio analyzer?
What should I do when I feel low in engineering life?
What sort of tools do 3D developers write for themselves in companies?
Is studying software engineering worth it compared to finding a job early on?
How shall I start preparing my 7 year old sister right from her school days so that she becomes a software engineer in future?
If you could go back 20-30 years and make one change in a software design, what would it be?
What's the day-to-day task of a software engineer specialised in Security?
Is it possible to simulate a software test lab using Machine learning?
What should be the subject to be chosen for software engineering?
Are there any coding classes this summer that are 3 weeks or so and are for introductory software development for an 18-year-old headed to engineering school?
How do you explain to a layman that creativity is an important part of software engineering?
Do you think that protection of Indian tech companies can guarantee their development?
How can a software/web developer make money while in a new city for a few months?
Is it fine to bring my own keyboard to an internship in software engineering (I like mechanical keyboards)?
As a software developer, how do you find time to learn new skills if you have a family and children to take care?
What's a reasonable salary for a recent graduate software developer in Toronto?
What is the difference between a computer hardware and computer software?
As a software engineer, what is the software that I have to learn to help me to get a good job?
What is the best way to become a software developer after obtaining a civil engineering degree?
What was the hardest computer science project you did as a CS/CPE undergrad?
What is the role and responsibility of a Director of Engineering in product companies?
Which is the best degree program for BIT or software engineering?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of working at a big 4 software company but not at the company HQ?
Can a program run my computer on my behalf? Can it use the basic programs?
What is the best way to improve my software quality management skills?
What is the best software for management of my services, my regular talks with my clients and, most importantly, my reviews & progress?
What is layoff in a software company?
How is Capgemini as a senior software engineer, and what are its future prospects?
Is signal processing knowledge needed for a software developer job?
Which are the companies where software engineers used to fly 4-6 countries in a year, for company work and by company expenses?
Is it possible to study automotive engineering if I have studied software engineering?
How is the paper test for a Works Applications software designer post?
As a developer, is it true that I shouldn't fear being unemployed when getting old, if I can keep my passion and work hard in software development?
Would you leave NYC and move to Washington, D.C., for a similar good-paying tech job?
Is the value of IT and software engineers in India going down?
How do I find long-term accommodation in Seattle? I’m an Indian girl joining a software company.
Which software course is best for a 1 year experience?
How much programming should you know before learning DS & Algo?
What is the best career move for an experienced programmer who wants to save the planet?
As a software developer, do you fear that keeping your job will be more and more difficult as more people want to become developers?
How can a new grad from India apply for a Software Engineer role at Works Applications (off-campus opportunities)?
Is mathematics necessary if I want to do a computer software course and get a job in the future?
Do I need MATLAB if I am a software engineer?
What is the course order for developing software?
Can an Indian software test analyst with 7 years of experience working in the UK find a job in Ireland?
It it necessary to have computer science in class 11 and 12 to do software engineering?
Can software get back its boom in the US in the near future?
What are good habits of a software engineer?
If you are a software developer who is in your late 20s or early 30s, do you think that you will still work as a software developer at 35?
How can you implement sticky sessions in a distributed system?
How do I deal with my software director in New Zealand who doesn't have much trust in my technical skill sets?
What is difference between software engineering, computer engineering and information technology engineering and which one is the best?
How do folks interview senior software engineers?
What are some tools that you have built that you use?
Is a software developer who produces a buggy, hard to follow code quickly to meet deadlines a good developer?
Is there any way, besides sending mail to HR, to apply for software engineer positions at Paytm (one 97)?
How are the placements in SWE in SRM?
What are the pros and cons of developing software from the top-down and from the bottom-up?
What pre-course input is necessary to join a B.Tech program in computer science?
What are the best books to learn the foundations behind coding a software?
What is a method to grow as a manual tester?
Is getting a software engineering internship in Orlando difficult?
How many software development teams worldwide provide outsourcing? I need a reliable source.
Do all software engineering internships require that you know about Data Structures & Algorithms?
Can we get the genuine job openings for software testing in India? Which website can be trusted for this?
Is anyone interested in joining the Google I/O extended event in Lucknow for software developers (experts and students)? https://goo.gl/mb3XXg
Is it possible to switch to software?
How can I prepare for software testing jobs for freshers in the Netherlands if I am an outsider?
How much do software engineers make at NTT DATA after working for 2 years?
Which programming skills should I learn?
What is the best composition of a senior developer and a junior developer in a project?
How can I get new clients for Web/software development?
Why should the insurance industry use manual software testing services?
Should I go into mechanical, electrical, aerospace, or software engineering?
Which type of posts can be used in social media for promoting a software development company?
What is the best HR software?
What are the basic requirements for software developer?
Why are there so many people learning software development?
How should I choose between Xamarin and Scala?
How much scope does software engineering have?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
Should I start my career as a data scientist at a startup or as an SDE at an MNC?
How can I become a really bad software developer?
What is the hourly rate for a software engineer?
What regions of Australia are currently available for software engineers who want to apply for a 190 visa?
How is Paytm so fast in spite of handling millions of customers from the software point of view?
Is it bad practice going above your manager to get design decisions from your customer?
Who will give outsourcing projects for software development?
Which non-IT professional should I choose after a 6 year career in QA for software?
What would be the best move to become a software engineer, after completing a degree in civil engineering? Would a bachelor’s or master’s in CS help?
What is software architecture in software engineering?
What is the future chances for an Application Development Manager in India?
What are the biggest software failures?
Which countries are best for computer software education?
What should be the category A cutoff for software engineering in SRM University on the main campus?
Which department is better, in terms of career growth, in the banking sector?
Do software engineer internship interviews test you on system design and scalability?
Should I focus on learning the product or sharpening my technical skills?
What will my salary be in Canada after completing a software engineering qualification and MBA there?
What could be the best service feature a software development agency can give its client?
Where can I find freelance QA Testers in Canada?
What is the scope of jobs if I study computer software from DICS and choose an arts stream?
What are good performance metrics or KPI's for a new COO of a software technology consulting company?
What do you think about the increase in the number of software companies? Does it affect the software field?
Is my idea for an Engineering Consulting and Contracting firm a good idea?
How do I start my career choice as a software engineer or analysis?
What are some simple hacks that every software engineer should know?
How do you assess the maturity of a software engineering team?
How long does it take an experienced attorney to redline a software licensing agreement?
What are various softwares that a civil engineer need to learn for his future benefits?
Should I wear jeans to a software engineer interview?
How do I prepare for product-based software companies as I am a pass out from a normal engineering college?
Which has better career opportunities for embedded engineers currently, automotive or IOT?
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
Can we do both computer software and hardware engeeniering at the same time?
Where can I get programming software?
Can international students who completed bachelors’ of software engineering get jobs in Australia?
As a British software developer, I really want to move to Silicon Valley to work. How do I make this happen from a visa and finding work standpoint?
What is the most coolest engineering field in your opinion and why?
What are the top ten software programs for civil engineers?
Would it be useful to develop a standardized test to evaluate competency in core coding skills?
What is the difference between web development and e-commerce development?
What's the difference between a system programmer and a system engineer? Which of them is better in terms of a monthly income?
What is QFD? How is it beneficial in effective software product development and design?
What's it like to work at Amazon as a quality engineer in the UK/USA?
Is there a website for the development of the scope of work?
Is there a web developer software that allows you to visually see your code as you write it?
Will a bachelor’s degree in software engineering from a mediocre college in the USA land me a good job?
After the device dies, can you handle the software without the device?
What are the best business intelligence tools for developers to integrate into their clients software projects?
What are the similarities/differences between a cloud architect and infrastructure architect?
Which course has better placements, BSC CS or BE CS?
Is it mandatory to do MS to grow in software industry?
Is it possible to switch from performance testing to development?
What is the best IMS software for a FMCG distribution centre?
What mistakes should be avoided while writing a resume intended for a fresher job application in software MNCs?
Should I leave the IT field?
Does performance in a placement interview affect the software engineer after getting selected in any way?
How is the work routine for engineers?
What happens during Samsung's software competency test?
What are the interesting fantastic things about computers which every computer engineer should know?
What are some things that are not taught in college but are useful to a software engineer?
How much do software/IT architects at McKinsey typically make initially?
How can a third party verify a software engineer?
Is not statistics relatively easier than computer programming?
Can a tourist work as a software engineer in the US?
How can someone be an excellent software developer after maintaining university pressure?
What is the value of a solutions architect/pre-sales consultant/enterprise architect and a customer success manager at a software company?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
Do developers feel discomfort and pressure when someone reviews their code?
Is anyone interested in a workplace-based programme making you job-ready for the New Zealand Software development market?
Is the Rotoshop software expensive to use?
Do you think the existing vendor selection methods for large firms and SMEs looking to select a reliable vendor are effective or lacking?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
What should every software engineer know about software architecture?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Google at the Mountain View campus?
Can I implement open research papers and publish to Github while working in a company?
What JavaScript framework do German software developers approve of?
Are Agile methodologies suitable for charities?
How can I transform from a quality analyst (QA) to a software development engineer in testing (SDET)?
Which software will be best for designing PCB for small projects? Where do I get tutorials?
Are large projects a huge risk for software architects? Do they benefit their careers in the long run if they succeed or fail due to business reasons?
What are the differences between the regular scheduled AP test and the later test date one?
Is it possible for a developer to be excellent in many platforms?
What criteria do software engineers use to select a laptop?
Which job is more intellectually challenging, a developer’s job at HFT/financial firms or a developer’s position at software firms like Google and Amazon?
What software is better to get into an automobile company other than CATIA or SOLIDWORKS?
I study master program in software engineering, I want to improve myself in Java, what should I do?
Is there any software integration like Lumion but with better rendering quality?
What are the lists of designations for a software developer? What are the responsibilities of an associate software analyst?
What are the skills that a software developer trainee needs to know?
What are some career options after gaining two years’ experience as a software developer?
What should we consider when we need to develop cultural products based upon storytelling techniques?
What is it like to be a machine learning engineer?
How can someone be an excellent developer while dealing with the pressures of university?
Why do full-stack developers get low pay compared to other MBA graduates or software developers?
What is the difference between System Life Cycle and System Development methodology?
What project can I do in C++ on my own to touch upon majority of my undergraduate concepts in CS?
What are the key traits of a process engineer?
How do neon testers work?
How can I become a remote contract developer?
What are different approaches for doing Object-Oriented Analysis and Design?
What's a typical day in the life of a rockstar developer?
What should the resume headline be for a manual tester?
Where did you use singleton design pattern in your project? What is your experience with that in your projects?
Is it possible to study software engineering if I have studied automotive engineering?
I'm thinking about taking a high school programming and software development course. Is it worth it?
What is the best way to learn a new software platform?
Should I continue working at an MNC as a software engineer, or should I join GDS BPM?
When a place asks for people with basic database software knowledge, what specifically are they thinking?
Which software course is the best to get a job quickly?
How is an average day for a completion engineer?
I'm a graduate in arts and a working professional. How can I become a software developer/programmer?
Which is the best and preferable resume format for applying to a leading software MNC's for a fresher job?
Can I start my career in dev ops?
What is the best way to develop a small production company?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
If the BSA believes a company is using pirated software, do they have the right to search the company's computers without a court order?
Which is the best software in the retail kids’ garments industry that’s integrated from end-to-end, including taxation, expenses and inventory?
Why are Americans afraid of Indian software engineers?
How do I relocate to Canada, Europe, or New Zealand? I am a software engineer with 4 years of experience as a .NET developer. I neither have a visa nor any offer from there.
What is more important for a computer engineer to know? Technical concepts or coding?
What are the characteristics of a bad mechanical engineer?
Are IT companies trying to terminate the testers?
Should I opt for Citicorp Services Pune as a software engineer or rather try for other companies?
What programming language should I learn as a QA engineer?
As a software engineer in the US, how can I maximize my salary?
What do I need to learn to become a DevOps engineer?
What is the difference between interface testing and GUI testing?
How accurate is the conversion from C++ to Verilog, and which software should you use?
As a graduate applying for a Software Engineer position at Cisco, what programming skills do I need? In what language are Cisco devices written?
Is there an object-oriented design pattern tutorial on the web which implements design patterns on practical real-life use cases as opposed to toy classes like "Animal", "Shape", etc.?
Do I have to be a developer to learn DevOps tools like Jenkins?
How much does a mechanical engineer earn in a software company?
Do you know about some major QA testing events happening in South Korea?
If Gilfoyle was a real person, what would his skill set be?
What is flow of Dropwizard application?
What is the algorithm a Microsoft software developer should know?
How do I create scenario-based modelling in software engineering?
How can you become a multi-billionaire through writing a software? Do I need a single laptop and a software or more, where and how do I get started?
How do below average software developers survive in the industry?
Is it worth opting for SWE at the SRM main campus in 2017?
Is the A4/software engineer in Capgemini a support job or not?
In a certain code “late” is written as “vgzo”. How would “shine” be written in this code?
Why do interviewers for software test engineering positions expect that a test engineer has a preferred operating system?
How hard is it to switch careers from network engineering (technical assistance team) to software development?
How would you prepare for a job as a VP of Engineering?
Is it possible to land a machine learning engineer job without a college degree?
Which one is better than the others, a cardiologist, oncologist, software engineer, or neurosurgeon? Why?
What is the best option for freshers in the software/IT industry as per the current growing market?
How would you rate MTGO as a piece of software?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Amazon Seattle campus?
How do I master the art of googling as a programmer?
What are the best podcast episodes you've ever listened to as a software engineer?
How do I start studying for computer testing as a career?
According to salary, which engineering is better for me, IT or software?
What is the best software course for non-IT graduates in India?
What is the advantage of studying electrical engineering, because at the end I will be getting a job as a software engineer?
How do you implement monitoring of request latency and success rates for your microservices?
What are the top research labs working on the topic of security in software defined networking?
As a software developer, why do you put a lot of programming languages, frameworks and technical skills on your CV?
How do I study and practice software engineering? I am not talking about writing code. I want to know more about the core concepts or corner stones of SE (like design patterns, distributed computing, binary search, etc.). What is the way to study this?
What software is used to make web comics?
Being a manual tester with 3 years of experience, what can I do next to improve my career?
Which is the best way to download cracked software?
Do engineers at Google and Facebook write test plans? What is some advice on writing test plans and the tracking tools involved?
Are there jobs in Yekaterinburg for developers?
After spending 3 years in a product support profile, how can I keep myself motivated to switch to a development profile? Or is it too late?
What are the advantages of implementing a software measurement program within an IT organization?
Which sort of engineers are responsible for designing laptops, cell phones, etc.?
Are you fed up with the "what’s wrong with Indian engineering" question when we engineers know we are hard working and want to do something?
What higher education options would help me to propel my career provided I have 10 years of software development experience with a bachelor’s degree?
Who gets the higher pay: a diploma engineer or a PUC engineer?
Which are better in terms of salary for a fresher: product-based software companies or service-based software companies?
What interview questions should I expect for a software development interview?
Can I work as a network engineer and a QA engineer at the same time and the same company?
Is it possible for physicists to spend the majority of their time writing code?
Do large companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon hire software engineering managers from overseas, just like they do for software engineers?
How much does SystemVue software cost?
In software engineering, is it better to focus on one field or try to learn a handful of fields?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
How can I become a recipe tester?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a software engineering degree?
What are the different types of engineering and what do they do?
What are some suggestions for iPhone developer career growth?
Does pursuing an MBA in finance give a better financial status than doing software engineering?
As a software developer, do you ever fear new colleagues will take over your position?
What CIE A level subjects should one take to pursue economics, business, computer science and software engineering in a university?
Is 6 months of experience as a software developer enough to find a better job with a hike in pay?
Why do we need the IoT visualization software?
What's the most ridiculously over-engineered piece of code you've seen?
What is the best place to find market rate compensation rates and standard benefits for developers roles?
What is your opinion of the Unified Process(UP)?
What is the minimum time to learn an engineering software?
Can I be a music producer, graphic designer, VFX artist, and software developer at the same time?
What are the softwares which core mechanical companies are using in 2017?
What is the meaning of "MS office cracked software"? How can I use it safely on my PC today?
What are the job responsibilities of a junior Drupal developer?
What video control software or management software do HEVC/VP9/AV1 streaming providers use today and what are the challenges do they face?
Whose responsibility is it to determine the cost of a new feature?
In what fields of software development do individuals have the most power?
How can I get a job in software development while working in IT support?
What is network monitoring software?
Do you use reviews or trial and error to choose your business software?
What's it like to be a software engineer at Starbucks?
Why do many jobs have a sign "This job is not open for new grads" in HackerRank?
What is the future of chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What are the things I have to know to use SpeedFan software?
How does auto scaling work in terms of cloud services like AWS and GCP?
What salary should I expect as a senior software engineer in Barcelona, Spain?
How can I join the military engineer services after my graduation in electrical engineering?
How much hard and what smart work should a person do to become a successful software engineer like a distinguished engineer or so?
How do I setup in-house software development unit in consultancy company?
How are my chances of moving from Technical support into Development in NTT Data?
What is the salary for a fresher software tester or developer in the US?
What are the career paths for an IT engineer after 2 years of experience in development, if he/she wants to continue in IT only?
What is the best software for creating infographs?
Which field should I choose, software engineering or IT engineering?
Should I feel embarrassed if a junior software developer knows something better than I do in programming?
What are the trends and issues with information system development?
Which is the best software testing course institute in Chandigarh?
What are some websites where I can learn the logic behind circuit designing?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Microsoft Seattle campus?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
How can you manage engineering complexity when designing a/b diversion points?
What is the best companies for flight procedure design software?
Which is the most popular accounting software and why?
Which has the best scope, an e-learning developer or a software programmer?
Which is better to study software engineering degree? ( Australia , India )
How can I get a job at an American software company from Nigeria?
How do I sell my software solution to my employer and avoid conflict of interest?
How does one keep in touch with research while working as a software developer in the industry?
Is there more competition in the software engineering or statistics fields?
In which field should I specialize?
What is the best IMS software for a FMCG distribution centre?
Which company provides the good educational software?
Does the position of "software engineer" include too much coding and development, or is it all about analyzing the apps’ requirements and structure?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
Which career option is better in Canada, Computer Programmer or Software Engineer?
Which SDLC model is the most suitable for the development of a technically challenged software product?
How can I move from RBEI to Bosch Software Innovation?
Does Cognizant allow a 2-year gap in engineering for a software developer?
How can one supplement their income while working in Accenture India as a software engineer?
What can be the career growth of a C/C++ developer in IBM Datacap application development?
In order to become a great software developer, should I start with algorithms or should I go into programming first?
What are the pros and cons of becoming a college dropout from a non-CS branch to learn with passion as a self-taught software engineer?
How should a software developer plan his life after 40 years of age?
What is the interview process of RBS for the software engineer position for those who already have some experience in J2EE?
What is the role of a software associate engineer in Capgemini for RDBMS?
Can I implement open research papers and publish to Github while working in a company?
What are some good Canadian carrier related online discussion forums to join, for the software engineering field, as a professional?
Is it easy to get a job as a software engineer in Saudi Arabia?
How would you build something like Github Gists?
Is it true that most people working in core companies (electrical, mechanical or electronics) switch to software companies to settle their life?
What must I do to become an engineer? I have realized I don't want to be in my current major because it is not what I want to be (3 semesters in)?
What are the criteria for being proficient in C++ in the software engineering industry?
Can you be a platform agnostic software engineer?
How do I search for an internship/job opportunity available in the US for structural engineers? How do I understand the firm's software requirements?
What is the role of an RPA developer in a company?
If software development is hard, why is it hard?
How can I develop a JavaFX loan management system for a practice by modelling the system from a software engineering perspective before I start coding?
What software should I learn for architecture?
Is doing a software course from Jetking worth it?
In what kind of scenario will require you to implement test driven development?
Being an introvert, can one be successful in the software industry?
Is a QA role in software looked down upon, since it requires less technical skills than a developer?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Which book is best to learn design patterns, Head First Design Patterns or Gang of Four?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Why are most of the junior software developers pushed for more work for a little amount of money compared to other positions in the same industry?
What's the opportunity for placement in a software company for a mechanical engineer bachelor with knowledge of C and C++?
How do I start up a software company and how do I get projects?
When software engineers leave big technology giants in the USA like Google, MS, Amazon, and Apple, do those companies give an employment experience certificate?
What are some signs that someone should consider PM instead of classic engineering?
Recently at my company, we've turned more to outsource companies for development. I am a new developer, how can I build my skills in this environment?
Is Spotify engineering team satisfied with ReactJS?
Is knowledge of designing softwares necessary for doing MS in motorsports?
Does Amazon use Minitab software?
How do you use math as a software engineer?
How do I go from zero to hero in the computer science or software profession?
MS in Computer Science (specialization: Data Analytics) in University of Houston or MS in software Engineering in SJSU?
Which software testing institute is best at Hyderabad and also providing placements?
How can I leverage my natural aptitude for teaching and tutoring as a software engineer?
How shall I start preparing my 7 year old sister right from her school days so that she becomes a software engineer in future?
Why do loan offering guys always ask If I am working in the software industry? How does it make a difference to them?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I know if I'm ready for a software engineering position?
What things do I need to take care of while picking a software testing company?
What is more important for a computer engineer to know? Technical concepts or coding?
Is a computer science degree that’s based heavily on theory valuable for someone who wants to become a software developer/engineer?
How do I get a girlfriend, being a software developer?
Is it normal for a licensor to request for inspection of source code?
When should one start the Firehose Project?
How accurate is the conversion from C++ to Verilog, and which software should you use?
What's a reasonable salary for a recent graduate software developer in Toronto?
Why do software engineers need to know algorithms?
What resume format should a fresher use for being a software engineer?
Is Moody’s Analytics (Copal Amba) Bangalore a good company to work for as a software developer?
Which is the best degree program for BIT or software engineering?
What are my chances of getting admitted into Saarland University?
Is PMI-ACP certification useful outside software development? Are Agile methods useful for, let's say, manufacturing or services?
Does Google provide jobs only for software engineers?
Is it possible to study automotive engineering if I have studied software engineering?
What are some cool design patterns I can use with Ramda.js?
How do I startup for a freelance software developer?
What is the best/most effective outreach a corporate recruiter has approached mid level to sr. Java software engineers in the NYC area with?
What is Ransomware software and who develops them?
What is the course order for developing software?
Which is the best area to buy flat in Bangalore for a software engineer?
Can a BCA holder become a great software developer?
How do you implement monitoring of request latency and success rates for your microservices?
What are the differences between software engineering and ICT? I am interested in computers but can't decide what to get involved in.
What is the difference between a FP precision implementation in Hardware vs software?
Can we get the genuine job openings for software testing in India? Which website can be trusted for this?
Do software developers need a solid aerospace background in order to work at SpaceX?
Why can't I attend experience interviews as a software engineer?
What is the best career choice for a software developer having an MBA from a prestigious business school?
Does software engineering include all of web, desktop, and mobile applications development?
Which is the best software development company in Delhi?
What language should I first learn for software development? How should I carry on from there?
What is the salary of a senior software developer in Credit Suisse in Raleigh?
Why are software engineers not happy with their daily life?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a network engineer?
Can I get a master’s degree in computer science after a bachelor’s degree in software engineering?
I want to become a software developer. What languages should I learn first?
Is it possible to find a degreed software developer in Sandton, Johannesburg?
Why, in a DC machine, is a field testing method called field testing?
Are OOAD concepts used in software companies?
What are the softwares which core mechanical companies are using in 2017?
How can I earn 10-15L rupees per month as a software engineer?
What is the scope of jobs if I study computer software from DICS and choose an arts stream?
How do I add a software license to a file?
How do I get 15 lakh package jobs in the hardware domain initially, the way software developers get them in big companies?
How much hard and what smart work should a person do to become a successful software engineer like a distinguished engineer or so?
What are the career paths for an IT engineer after 2 years of experience in development, if he/she wants to continue in IT only?
What is the nature of the work of embedded systems software engineers?
What is the difference between computer engineering, software engineering and IT engineering?
Can anybody be a software developer with coding knowledge?
What are the trends and issues with information system development?
What is the difference between the Indian development model and the western development model?
Is the process of interviews for a software engineer and a research scientist the same at Google aka Alphabet?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
How do I become Java developer from a manual tester?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be unemployed for a long time?
How do I hide my bias better when it comes to my ideas/work over others?
What is the best path in the software industry in India, other than programming?
Which software is important for an architecture student?
What are the best locations for me to advance as a software developer? How about emerging places?
As a year 9 13-year-old and interested in computers and technology, what should I focus on?
What are the interesting fantastic things about computers which every computer engineer should know?
What package should I accept after 2 years of experience in software testing?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore for 3 months experience?
How can I increase my package from 4.2 LPA to the range of 10-15 LPA, without learning data structure and algorithms?
What is the marketing technology stack for your IT software company?
How easily can I get a job in the software field as a fresher?
What will the effect on product-based software companies in India be if huge layoffs happen as described in some articles?
Do software engineers have a great future?
What are some techniques for testing and debugging data-handling applications?
Should I choose the computer science field, the data science field, or both?
How much salary does a software test engineer earn in the initial stage in India?
What criteria do software engineers use to select a laptop?
What are the product based software companies to offer a job in performance testing?
What is the best approach to testing implicit requirements?
What do you like about the Product Engineering role at Quora?
What is the difference between software development and web development?
What do software engineers in India do to supplement their income?
What tech companies pay for employees’ part-time master’s?
What is the difference between computer software systems and theoretical computer science and data banking?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
Do you like fixing bugs?
What are the features of software engineering?
What is the application for a waterfall model?
Which technology is best for an experienced software engineer (SQL) to study and switch to, "Salesforce," "big data" or "cloud computing"?
Is there an opening in Zaloni Guwahati for software testing?
Will machine learning/AI slow the demand for software developers?
What should I do with my local branch once I merge to my master’s?
I developed a software for billing and stock management for medical shops. How do I sell them?
How is working as software developer with Morgan Stanley as contractor a safe career?
Are software developers the miners/workers of the 21st century?
What is a software cloud product you really admire and think is exceptional?
What are the best software used for developing hyper redundant robots with multiple degrees of freedom?
Where did you use singleton design pattern in your project? What is your experience with that in your projects?
What can be done to meet a development deadline without adding additional developers?
What are the things that a developer likes to see in a project/issue management app?
What is the role of a tester and developer in the software industry?
What is the CAD software that’s used by the automobile companies in Bangalore?
Can I start my career in dev ops?
As a software engineer, how often are you promoted?
What are the benefits of a software development company?
What are some suggestions for an average Software Engineering student who wants to work at Google?
Is studying software engineering worth it compared to finding a job early on?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
What are the characteristics of a bad mechanical engineer?
What are some companies in India that pay a good package to embedded software developer freshers?
Do Indian software companies also work with Russian clients?
What is a possible PhD research topic/problem in the software engineering process (focus on Agile philosophy and on SCRUM specifically)?
What was the hardest computer science project you did as a CS/CPE undergrad?
Can a program run my computer on my behalf? Can it use the basic programs?
What are some good certification courses for software engineer with 1 year of experience?
As a software developer, how much of your day would you say is spent productively?
What are the top free tools for software testers?
Is signal processing knowledge needed for a software developer job?
How can anyone learn Machine Learning and Data Science from an absolute beginner and get a job in India?
What are the other jobs that software programmers can do if they lose their job due to recession or any other reason?
Is it possible to accept a pull request into a new branch?
How can I block the content from certain websites so that my elderly mother does not continue to get scammed? I prefer software for PC.
Which job/role within a company contracts a software development vendor?
What is the ideal way to import data in a software?
Can I expect a software engineering seat in SRM University’s main campus with a rank of 38604, since last year's closing rank for software engineering was 40k (in the main campus)?
Is software engineering a good choice in VIT? How is it different from CASE or IT?
Which is the best software for a beginner to learn for entering into the VFX industry?
What is the best software for end-to-end automation (for big companies)?
How hard is it to switch careers from network engineering (technical assistance team) to software development?
Is there a rule of thumb to estimate the calculations your software will require to let you decide if you need a supercomputer or not before coding?
Why do big software companies (like Microsoft or Adobe) force my native language installing software, not giving me the chance to select English?
How do I create software for VoCore2 using a Mac?
What is the qualification for software engineer?
What are the different cognitive styles best suited for software engineering vs. data science?
What skills nowadays are required for being a software engineer?
Which courses are helpful in software development?
What is the software industry like in Pakistan? How is Pakistan doing in this field, compared to India?
It has been in the news that IT jobs are being cut down. I have taken software engineering. What should I do?
Which is the best way to download cracked software?
Are new TN visas still being issued for software engineers or is all that on a stand-still now?
What is the most successful software with the fewest lines of code and what does it do?
Has OMSCS helped anyone make a career change from "run of the mill" job of software development to areas like self-driven cars, AI, robotics etc?
What does an ideal day look like for a trainee software engineer in a small company?
How do I get ideas and inspiration to make software useful for many people?
What are the basic requirements for software developer?
Do large companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon hire software engineering managers from overseas, just like they do for software engineers?
Is there a practical way of using R which does not require installation of software on a personal computer?
Is it a good idea to transition from a software engineer to an insurance agent?
You have 3 months to code/learn as much as possible to try and land interviews for software engineering internships in the fall. Where do you start?
What type of degree do you have to have if you want to be a software engineer?
As a software engineer, what are your tips for effective time management?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with a rank of 20k?
What would software engineering be like if everyone was a 100x engineer?
Will AI eventually cannibalize the software industry?
What's the toughest challenge for a Product Manager developing software products?
Why software industry going down?
Is it good to switch to hardware engineering from software engineering with 3 years of experience? If so, what company placements and career growth can I expect?
Does Juno have a public API?
Can I be a music producer, graphic designer, VFX artist, and software developer at the same time?
What is the most effective way for a software engineer to transition into being a product manager?
Can a manual tester become an AWS architect?
Why is there a need for a software development company?
Where can I find freelance QA Testers in Canada?
Is heightism prevalent in the software industry? (I’m 5.4" here.)
Which is good to immigrate to for a software engineer from India, Canada or Australia?
In what fields of software development do individuals have the most power?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
If one wants to become a computer developer, what are the steps to get there (from a young age like 12)?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Where do you start in building a software dev. company?
Where can I find lists of accessible software, e.g. Section 508, etc., preferably grouped by purpose?
How do I analyze semi-rigid joints in a beam-to-beam connection using ETABS?
How do I get a software developer job in Korea?
Can I become self taught software engineer?
What is the difference between web development and e-commerce development?
Is the kernel system software or application software?
Is it worth leaving law school for a degree in software development?
How can I integrate my Windows software with my CNC software?
Is there a website for the development of the scope of work?
Are there any guys who have a great physique and are working at Google as a software developer?
Which is better to study software engineering degree? ( Australia , India )
Is it possible to switch from performance testing to development?
Are there a lot of software/web developer jobs for junior devs that aren't posted on the usual job boards? Is there kind of a shadow, personal network thing?
Can I work at a place with a lot of engineers at the age of 15?
Can I study CS while majoring in something else and still have software developing skills?
Are there any platforms similar to Codementor that offer brief collaborations with software engineers mostly for mentorship?
Is it possible for a civil graduate having 2 years experience as a software engineer at Oracle to get good universities for MS abroad?
How does a screenshot work in a software perspective?
Which career would pay me more, assuming I went to an IIT: robotics, software, or physics?
How can you adopt a SAFe methodology for microservices development?
What is a good Windows laptop to get as a software engineer?
Which is the best choice for Engineering: SRM University (ECE, IT, SWE), Chennai (KTR), or Chandigarh University, Punjab (CSE)? I love coding.
Does Gordon Miller think a computer science degree or software engineering degree is more useful?
I'm searching for software developer job and failing consistently from 4 months, how can I land into software developer job?
Are software engineers actually engineers?
What is the best software for architecture?
What is the hierarchy of the documents which get created in software or apps and website development projects? Name and describe those documents.
Are Agile methodologies suitable for charities?
Should I quit my job as a software engineer now?
In the sense of software architecture qualities, which social network/media is well designed and what qualities matter most?
What tools do I need to build a REST API?
Which regulations or ISO policies does a software development in Germany have to have?
Why are Software Engineers simply called resources in Indian IT companies?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
Where can I find an online bulletin board software to post new work orders that I can customize?
What kind of skills or tools experience do I need to get a software engineering job?
If I move to New Zealand will it be easy to find a job in software development?
Why is it essential to have the services of a software testing company?
What is some advice for a 25-year-old software developer who wants to earn more money?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
How can I write effective code?
What are the responsibilities of a software project manager?
How was Diane Hartley’s career effected by her contribution to NYC’s safety?
What does it mean to have experience with a Linux operating system in the job requirements for a software engineering position?
I have just passed my MBBS. I'm doing good in this field. But I'm very much attracted toward physics stuff. What should I do?
Which is the best off-the-shelf community software?
Is the Google Summer of Code really worth it? Is it over-hyped?
What is Digital Notice Board software?
What skills are expected from a software engineering manager with field experience of 20 years?
Will software engineers on SQL exist in the future?
How can we avoid losing our jobs to artificial intelligence?
What should programmers know about Azure to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Is it possible to earn around 50 lakh per annum at Google India, after about 3 years of software development experience?
What is the best way to develop a small production company?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
Which company should I join after 2.5 years of experience as a Mainframe developer, Deloitte or Broardrige Financial services?
What's the day-to-day task of a software engineer specialised in Security?
Does cloud computing really need a software developer to work?
Have you ever seen someone change from a weak software developer to a Google level software developer in only 1 year?
What are your experiences with outsourcing software development, is it cost-effective?
Should I opt for Citicorp Services Pune as a software engineer or rather try for other companies?
Is our boring future going to be moving from software development to tools configuration in big companies with big projects?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
What are the new skills/areas worth learning for a .NET software developer, that has a scope for the future?
What is the best career advice for someone with 2 years of experience in software testing (manual)?
Which concepts of maths are required to be mastered to be a better software professional?
Is Oracle CPQ a good or bankable skill to learn and make a career in the current IT market for a software engineer?
How much does a mechanical engineer earn in a software company?
What is Argus software used for?
Why did you choose software testing as a career?
What kind of non-social technical jobs require less regular reading than software development and pay decently?
Is it a wise decision for a software engineer with 7 years of experience, who wants a career switch to academics, to try pursuing an MS in CS?
Software Testing: What is a traceability matrix and what are some examples?
What software skills are in demand in Canada?
Which language should I learn to speak as a software engineer which would be an advantage for me in the future?
Is Unix (or Linux) the most permanent thing in software?
How do you could teach an engineer to use a software easily through training?
What’s the difference between hardware and software implementations (ex: floating point)? Doesn’t the software eventually convert to hardware?
How could a startup make channel partners in the software industry?
Why is AUTOSAR good for suppliers that supply both hardware and software together?
How can I estimate the population of software developers in a country?
Which are the countries that offer low-cost software development in Southeast Asia?
Is it wise for a software engineer working in a top tier product company (Amazon, Google or Microsoft) to go for an MBA at one of the top IIMs, FMS, or XLRI?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
Do you ever regret sacrificing so much time to become a software developer?
How much is a freelance mobile appliance tester paid?
What is the best option for freshers in the software/IT industry as per the current growing market?
Is there any way to conduct performance analysis on software systems before implementation?
Which is more valuable, creativity or rational thinking for software development?
What are important theories a good software engineer better learn?
How can someone who is not from the IT field become a software test engineer?
How many hours in average do software engineers, Developers, or coders code in a day? Do developers code 8 hours every day?
Being a manual tester with 3 years of experience, what can I do next to improve my career?
What Microsoft (MCSE or MCSD) is needed to apply for ACS if a candidate with a science educational background is working as a software engineer (testing)?
Do engineers at Google and Facebook write test plans? What is some advice on writing test plans and the tracking tools involved?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
If you are a software engineer and you are willing to move anywhere in the world to start a family, where would you go?
What are the designations available in Bank of America Continuum? In how many years can a person become a senior software engineer?
I have a software engineering internship this summer. Does anyone have any helpful tips that I should know before starting?
Is it easy to find a good software development job in Sydney?
What are some simple software products you know?
What's the difference between a DevOps engineer and a back-end developer? If so, what are their roles and what should one have studied?
Which is the best site for learning software testing?
Are you fed up with the "what’s wrong with Indian engineering" question when we engineers know we are hard working and want to do something?
In Scratch, how do I make a script/block that will create a variable or a list?
Is it more beneficial to be a mechanical engineer who knows code or a software engineer who wants to dabble in mechanics?
Which company is the best for a software developer engineer?
What will be the effect on product based software companies in India if huge lay-offs happen, as described in some articles?
What are the best techniques ever used in industry for software testing?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
How should I choose between Xamarin and Scala?
What is the best way to obtain a value on jet aircraft parts? Is there software for this, or is it best to just get on the horn and call around?
Should I start my career as a data scientist at a startup or as an SDE at an MNC?
I have experience in SQL database technical support. I want to switch my profile to software testing. What should I do?
What is the hourly rate for a software engineer?
What new innovations should mechanical engineering software definitely have?
Which is a better, a master’s in software engineering or a master’s in MIS?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a software engineering degree?
What's the difference between a developer, programmer, and software engineer?
What kind of development takes place in the zygote in organisms with a diplonitic and a haplo-diplonitic life cycle?
What's the best industrial development product?
Do software engineer internship interviews test you on system design and scalability?
What is system software along with an example that can help users?
How do I spend my time while looking for software development job?
How do I get companies to interview me for a software test engineer job? I am on an L2 visa with a validity of 10 months, which will be extended soon.
What kind of things should we consider during project milestone creation?
Who is a senior software engineer? At what point do you know you are a senior software engineer? Are there really any checklists?
Does a computer engineering major have the necessary education to work as a software developer?
What software engineering project can I do in 10-15 days to make my resume look better for campus placements?
I am looking for a real life example of DevOps? What shall I be doing as a DevOps engineer at my desk?
How can I join the military engineer services after my graduation in electrical engineering?
What new software is needed for the Indian market?
What is the salary for a fresher software tester or developer in the US?
Is there any one who resigned from a software job without any valid reason and got a job again after a year gap?
What are your recommendations on how to onboard DevOps engineers?
Can I get software engineering in the SRM main campus with a rank of 31k?
How do you deal with failed projects as a software developer?
Customers frequently don't understand the effort required to build software solutions, particularly when it is an integration project, or something where there is not a UI. How do you manage their expectations?
How do I improve in software development if I'm very good in competitive programming?
How did you learn the last/current software product in your project?
If an application uses NLP to analyze user text, and then to return images accordingly, would this use of NLP fall into the AI category?
Do I need MATLAB if I am a software engineer?
What is the software engineer job market like in Portland, OR?
What kind of software applications should I develop in advanced Java to get a job in Amazon?
What mistakes should be avoided while writing a resume intended for a fresher job application in software MNCs?
Is it worth it to go to Austria from India, on a red-white-red visa? I have 2 years of experience as a software developer.
When should a software engineer switch jobs?
Why doesn't an audio player have any trouble when playing audio directly from an interleaved video file?
How can I learn embedded software?
What benefits are included in relocation benefits for a fresher at an Indian software firm?
How can I find out my chances of getting accepted into Penn State World Campus’ software engineering program?
What is the value of a solutions architect/pre-sales consultant/enterprise architect and a customer success manager at a software company?
What is The Economist's technology stack, and how many software developers do they have?
Is there a software to control an iPhone from a Macbook or Windows PC? I am not looking for software to mirror the screen but to actually control it?
What is better: technology developer or project owner?
If you were given a year to build any software system you want, what would you build?
Is it harder to become a doctor that earns 300K or a software engineers that earns 300K, considering I am equally good at both fields?
Is the Rotoshop software expensive to use?
If I want to create my own software, videogames, and robotic systems in the future and sell them, do I have to become a CEO?
What frameworks or environments are in the highest demand for app development?
What is the best software development book you read in 2016?
What is the best company for solid work software to do a job?
Which platform is better for a career, software testing or SAP BW?
Is software engineering dying? Should it be called IT engineering?
What can I build with IoT and Android right now?
Which Math applications do software programmers confront daily in their jobs?
What do you think of Aress Software?
What is meant by floating licence in a software product?
Can I buy an Audi by working for a software firm?
How do programmers without a basic IT education flourish in the world of software?
What is UML its tools and types?
What are some of the Google's top open source​ projects​ where we can contribute​?
How do neon testers work?
I want to be a software developer, should I start with CS50 or a coding bootcamp?
How do I scroll ViewPager when placed in a NestedScrollView in an Android activity?
What does base fork, base, head fork and compare mean when creating a pull request in GitHub?
What should the resume headline be for a manual tester?
What are some project management software / apps designed for apparel product development?
Where can I find a full-time testing job or testing tutoring from home? I am a software tester with around 7 years of experience.
How can I find a paid internship in the USA? I am currently pursuing an MS in software engineering in Germany.
Do software patents help or hinder the development of the associated art?
Will average salaries decline for software developers in India in the next decade?
What are some cool applications/software you should know?
Are there any coding classes this summer that are 3 weeks or so and are for introductory software development for an 18-year-old headed to engineering school?
What is software automation and how it can affect a hard core coder?
Is it better to go back to India after completing masters in software engineering from Australia?
Is there an object-oriented design pattern tutorial on the web which implements design patterns on practical real-life use cases as opposed to toy classes like "Animal", "Shape", etc.?
What are the best resources to prepare for this specific software engineering interview?
Can I become a software engineer by choosing electronics?
Should a data scientist be able to produce software?
What is the future of a computer science bachelor degree holder? And are they better than software engineers?
Are there any software companies in Kerala?
Do you know about some major QA testing events happening in South Korea?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Which are the companies where software engineers used to fly 4-6 countries in a year, for company work and by company expenses?
How is the paper test for a Works Applications software designer post?
Is there any way to search text within screenshots?
Is the A4/software engineer in Capgemini a support job or not?
Is mathematics necessary if I want to do a computer software course and get a job in the future?
What are the software programs that an MBA student must learn to have a corporate future?
Who carried out the world's largest hacking attack on 12 May 2017?
Which country should one choose in order to do a bachelor’s in software engineering, and at which university?
What kind of job should a software engineer do after 45?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Is it true that only software engineers with algorithms and data structures earn way more than other domains?
Is most technical feedback about a product from users who don't work at the company useless?
What is difference between software engineering, computer engineering and information technology engineering and which one is the best?
What is L-citrulline?
According to salary, which engineering is better for me, IT or software?
Can anyone give me the software, FUN3D Version 13.x ,which is created by NASA?
How is data stored and retrieved on a disk?
Are there jobs in Yekaterinburg for developers?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
What higher education options would help me to propel my career provided I have 10 years of software development experience with a bachelor’s degree?
How has the experience of switching from an IT services company to a start up company been for you?
Is it good to learn workflow/BPM tools for a developer/coder with 5+ years of experience?
What could convince me to go for software and systems engineering rather than electronics engineering for a master’s study?
What would be an equivalent salary in Vancouver for a software consulting manager who is making $130k in Minneapolis?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
Where can I find a short introduction to Python for someone who has experience with C/C++?
Which blogs should I follow on Medium as a software engineer?
How can I be a senior software engineer in Google?
Quincy Larson: what's one book you recommend to fill the gap between CS and coding bootcamps?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore with 3 months of experience in the same field?
I am a software developer at Amazon. I have a start-up idea. How can I proceed forward for funding, team building, and other stuff?
How much does SystemVue software cost?
Is it worth to get a Master’s degree in software engineering from Kennesaw State University?
How do I generate reports using a school system software?
What are some alternative career paths for mid-level software employees, specifically in India?
Is a 6 lakh per annum CTC good enough for a web developer with five years of experience to live in Mumbai?
What is the difference between CSE, IT and software engineering at SRM in terms of placement, coding environment, etc.? Which campus should I choose?
What rank in the JEE Mains should you have for going into software engineering?
What is the salary for a software engineer in Bangalore?
How is the Edulastic software used?
What is the future scope of being a software engineer in the IT sector?
What if Oracle software acquired Yahoo! or Opera software?
Can a software developer having 6 months of experience apply for SBI SO or IBPS SO?
Why do we need the IoT visualization software?
Will the Indian software industry hire a 50-year-old software engineer if he happens to start his career at that time?
Which DevOps tool is best for the future?
Is it a good idea to quit the software engineering field when sitting the whole day in front of the computer is not good for me?
What is the meaning of "MS office cracked software"? How can I use it safely on my PC today?
Can I apply for internships based on my studies at the Harvard Extension School (graduate certificate in software engineering)?
What are the biggest demands in the Silicon Valley job market of software engineers?
How do you assess the maturity of a software engineering team?
This is an era of computer, social networking and modern tools utilization, a part from the softwares how can we (civil engineers) be at par with this?
What are some common applications for software distribution files?
Can I do software engineering after 12th commerce with computer science?
How healthy are the software engineers of India?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
How is good for mecanical engineer to work in porcurment?
How are my chances of moving from Technical support into Development in NTT Data?
Which company will be better to join as a software engineer - Intuit or GE Digitals?
How is the MS research course in CS/software engineering at IIIT Bangalore?
If you are a software developer in your mid 20s, are you afraid of getting old and losing your job?
Should I pursue an MS in computer science after having 6 years of experience as a software engineer?
How can you manage engineering complexity when designing a/b diversion points?
What are some good methods to evaluate the need for a legacy software application in an organization?
Would a network engineer or a software engineer make more money?
Which effects does wireframing have on the development team?
What are the prerequisites to become a software tester?
Which has the best scope, an e-learning developer or a software programmer?
How do I find a software engineer job in Ecuador?
Which report writing software does your company use?
Alan Kay, how have engineers you respect implemented your advice to build their own hardware and software?
Does a software engineer become a sadist after marriage?
When should dev teams start investing in speed?
How does Bukalapak engineering code review process looks like?
Is there a good software engineer who doesn't know Java?
What is future of a non-technical manager in an IT company? Is there a slow death of people managers in IT?
Where can we get the best quality QA test cases?
Does Salesforce India offer opportunities to software engineers to join the US office through internal mobility or internal job postings?
How should I respond to a manager who says "software developers do not need to analyze that much, so you should be an analyst"?
Is not statistics relatively easier than computer programming?
Can a tourist work as a software engineer in the US?
How hard is it to reach six digit income in software industries as a fresher?
How can an on-the-spot slow thinker (when speaking in person/voice communication) become a manager or a lead software engineer?
What makes podcast software Engineering Daily so successful with ads in your view?
Is Avenue IT Software a genuine company in Hyderabad?
I am trying to be a software developer. Should I learn R?
Can an undergraduate in mobile app development do his postgraduate studies in software development?
How do I start an embedded software career? How can I start my study and practice to achieve it?
How does it feel being a programmer at id Software?
What are the advantages of software development company?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
How do I change jobs, from a software engineer to a flight attendant?
What software is better to get into an automobile company other than CATIA or SOLIDWORKS?
Which subjects do I need to master if I want to join Google for the role of software engineer?
What is the best software for Student Alumni relations?
Why do Nigerian tech entrepreneurs not care much about writing detailed software architecture designs of their solutions prior to building their startup?
Which profile is good for a computer science student as a fresher, a white box tester in Adobe or a software developer in a US-based startup company?
How are the job openings in the software field for F1 students nowadays?
Is it normal for software companies to regularly have trainings for their engineers in the latest frameworks and tools?
What is the difference between internships and new grad position in Software Engineering?
Are we living in a golden age for software engineer compensation?
What problems can be solved with software solultions in the Philippines?
Would working as a software engineer help me in MBA?
Why I am I stressed to work as software engineer?
What's a typical day in the life of a rockstar developer?
Is it common to provide briefing documents to junior software developers for a task? If so, what would you include in a typical one?
What is the best software tool to work with USRP for vehicular environment?
Would it be a problem if I spend a whole night to learn new stuff and work on software projects instead of taking care of my 2 month old daughter?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
What are my options in Switzerland as a software engineer?
How many employees will I need to start a software company/firm?
What is the best planogram (POG) software?
What skills should a software developer acquire in order to avoid getting laid off?
How can a software restrict your computer from accessing other things?
Will studying IT help you get a job at a high-tech software company (including the gaming industry)?
What is meant by stub testing?
In software which language is preferred to learn?
How can I become a kernel overlord?
Do developers who are good at algorithms and DS earn more?
How can I join the SAIT division? I am currently placed as software engineer in SRI, Bangalore starting in July.
Why is software complex to build?
In software shops, what tough questions did you face when working with clients, and how did you respond?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Australia?
How do I relocate to Canada, Europe, or New Zealand? I am a software engineer with 4 years of experience as a .NET developer. I neither have a visa nor any offer from there.
Which is the best software for system cleaner and performance booster?
What is a good low level project idea?
Who are implementation consultants in a software company/project? What is their job role?
How can I make software like Jarvis?
What programming language should I learn as a QA engineer?
What happens when you are placed in cognizant as a software developer?
What is the most needed software technology in software companies in Hyderabad among Java, Android and Ruby on Rails?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
How do I find out what software companies use?
What is Sentry Software used for?
I work as a developer in an IT company. I don't have any backup if I lose my job. What should I do?
Is there a way to make a backup of my system software’s (Windows 10) and get all of the software’s back on a fresh OS installation?
Why do interviewers for software test engineering positions expect that a test engineer has a preferred operating system?
As a software developer, do you fear that keeping your job will be more and more difficult as more people want to become developers?
What is the best way to find good software testing services?
Why do many engineers switch out of engineering after a few years?
What advice do you think is important for software designers in 2017?
How do I become a smart software engineer if I am currently a stupid one?
How do you ensure distributed services/systems processing of a single request completes?
Will getting a certificate in computer science help me land a job as a web developer and/or as a software engineer?
What skills are required to be a good/great software engineer?
What plays the role of interface between software and hardware?
Should I call myself a developer since I started it 1 year ago?
Why is there so much bikeshedding within the JavaScript community?
How many types of software are there?
I suddenly hate programming but I can't get any job other than software development, what should I do?
Is there a master’s degree in software testing?
What proportion of their time do great software engineering managers spend working in the team, versus on the team, versus around the team?
What skills would justify a promotion from mid- to senior-level for a DevOps engineer?
What is the use of the codes the one software engineers write? Explain in layman’s language.
Which type of posts can be used in social media for promoting a software development company?
What is the best HR software?
How can I get in touch with Java developers who are currently working in the software industry?
What is the scope of software testing for ECE students in India?
How do I implement progressive image loading?
What will the future of the software testing industry be considering automation and cloud computing?
How is SLK software for freshers?
How would you guess whether an application is more CPU or GPU heavy?
Is startup acquisition a long-term and better subfield in the software industry than software development is?
If I apply to a tech company in another state, what's the interview process?
Is it a good idea to move away from the California Bay Area to live in London if I work in the software industry?
What are the different types of engineering and what do they do?
As a student without experience, but with the knowledge in software development, how can I start a huge software development project?
How does Airbnb's Airflow compare to Spotify’s Luigi?
Is there a way to connect stripe to intercom?
Which countries are best for computer software education?
There are a million brilliant minds in India, and we cannot develop our own search engine as popular as Google and software similar to Microsoft. Why?
What is the best place to find market rate compensation rates and standard benefits for developers roles?
Why do software engineers/developers insist on working extra hours with no additional pay?
What is the best vendor rating software?
What will my salary be in Canada after completing a software engineering qualification and MBA there?
Do software developers at their mid 20s need to worry about ageism in Silicon Valley when they are getting old?
How much do Indian software testing engineers get paid onsite in the US?
Can software developers get the ISTQB certification?
Is anyone looking for software testing?
What's it like to be a software engineer at Starbucks?
Can a polycystic and diabetic woman work as software engineer?
How can a guy with over 10 years of software experience with minimal technical and management exposure survive in the IT industry?
What is the future of chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What are the things I have to know to use SpeedFan software?
What salary should I expect as a senior software engineer in Barcelona, Spain?
What are my prospects if I undertake software engineering as a career?
What is fundamental engineer?
What (formal) effort estimation techniques are commonly used in software development projects these days?
How can you create a decision table?
How come applications like WhatsApp and Telegram don't run out of online storage with their huge amounts of traffic daily?
Would it be useful to develop a standardized test to evaluate competency in core coding skills?
How many consultancies are there in Bangalore for software?
What happens when a push request is submitted after conflicting commits have been accepted to the source project?
What is your experience working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
In what kind of software developer job does intelligence have the least impact on job performance?
Is there a web developer software that allows you to visually see your code as you write it?
Which colleges are good for an MSc in software engineering (five-year integrated course) in Tamil Nadu?
Are tech networking meetups a good place to get connected to entry-level jobs?
How's the job outlook for new software engineers in 5 to 10 years?
Is it good to join BMC Software, Pune as a product developer (R&D) with 4 years of experience?
Why there are no positions for manual QA engineers any more?
How do you learn math for software engineering?
How do I prepare for a senior application developer interview at Thoughtworks?
What are some cool things software engineers do to their homes?
Is pair programming useful for software startups?
Is becoming a BI developer/engineer a lucrative career move?
Can a software developer in India add a previous unpaid internship to their current experience while applying for jobs in Naukri? Is it legal?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
If any company is looking for online exam software. What are the parameters they should look for?
What are the possibilities for an MTech post graduate from electrical engineering to start a career in software testing if their age is 28 years old?
What is the most complex software you have built?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
Which is the best software company in Hubli?
What is the most popular simulation software's for telecommunication?
How many modules should I develop for my hospital management application software?
What is the cheapest software company you have ever seen?
What post will a service engineer get after 5 years of experience?
Should I choose software engineering or computer science?
How can you buy an old IBM software product?
Is the best path to becoming a data scientist to focus on becoming a software engineer first (for someone with no statistics or programming background)?
How does one transition to the business side, after spending 20 years as a software engineer?
What is the best university for studying software engineering in Europe?
How do I manage hand arthritis, being a software engineer?
What is the difference between System Life Cycle and System Development methodology?
How do micro-services scale on the AWS Elasticbeanstalk platform?
Is there a software application for solving propositional logic problems?
How can I develop employee management software using VB.NET 10 and MS Access 2007?
How do I integrate WebRTC with VR?
What software/tools do you recommend for non-software Product Management?
Which institute should I join for software testing, SEED or MindScript?
How do I make it to Silicon Valley as a future software developer?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
What are the programming software an ECE engineer should learn in order to get a good package?
What are some of the best ways a software engineer can prepare self for a new Entrepreneurial role?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be suddenly fired?
What's the difference between Docker Swarm, Docker Compose and Docker Networks?
What do you look for in a PMS software if you rent apartments, villas, rooms, etc.? What does the software need to have, and what can you live without?
Which are the top province in Canada for software testing jobs?
Do you know of any software company that does scientific computing in India?
What should I learn in BS? Software Engineering or Computer Science?
What features do build servers need to support building infrastructure, on top of continuous integration of building software?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How does one show leadership on a software team?
Who is an ideal demographic client for a software development company?
What do I need to learn to become a DevOps engineer?
How would software developers like to find their next jobs?
Is it easy to change jobs from being an IT consultant to being a software developer?
What should I do to make a career in software development?
How should I prepare for a Skype interview for a “Junior Development Operations Engineer: Cloud Management Platform” at SAP Germany? What should be my focus? 3 experienced (15-20 years) people will be taking my interview. Should I prepare for a programming test?
If Gilfoyle was a real person, what would his skill set be?
Would you say programming is easier in modern times?
Which are the software industries in Bangladesh that mostly work with Javascipt technologies?
How can a software engineer manage his salary, if he gets 6 LPA in Pune?
What are some of the interesting topics in the research field of computer science for a student taking his master’s degree to choose from?
Which software companies in Indore give the best package to freshers for software testing?
How do below average software developers survive in the industry?
What are all options of career growth available for software test engineers?
How would the future be for a tester in Salesforce?
What are the must have skills for a programmer in 2017?
What IQ do you need to have to work for a big tech company as a software developer?
When testing your code, have you ever encountered a bug that wasn't your fault?
Is it possible to land a machine learning engineer job without a college degree?
How should I do in college to be a good software engineer?
Have you ever been rejected for a software engineer role even though you have a good portfolio?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
Is a software developer who produces a buggy, hard to follow code quickly to meet deadlines a good developer?
How common is it for a workplace to use the Joel Test?
Is anyone interested in joining the Google I/O extended event in Lucknow for software developers (experts and students)? https://goo.gl/mb3XXg
Bloomberg or Google NYC: which is the better place for a software engineer to work in NYC?
What is the maximum salary of Google India software developer from fresher to 10 years of experience?
I work as a S/W intern and am interested in S/W development. I have an operations engineer offer but I am also in talks with tier 1 S/W companies. What should I do?
What are the characteristics of software testing services?
Is it a wise choice for a manual tester to take up a production support job?
What are the best sources to keep updated about software engineer news?
How do you learn what good architecture is? As a junior software developer, I have trouble with this when starting a new project.
Can you explain "A unit test that touches the file system is not a unit test"?
Does test-driven development slow down software development?
What group should I take on the 11th to become a software engineer?
Can you suggest a good software development project to put in my resume?
What is the key thing to learn in social engineering?
How is Paytm so fast in spite of handling millions of customers from the software point of view?
Which non-IT professional should I choose after a 6 year career in QA for software?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
What are the top richest software companies of 2017?
What is your advice for a software developer who learnt how to code and build projects, but did not build projects to get a job?
Why should I study science math to become a software engineer?
What do I need to do to become a software engineer?
What is the bond period with Newgen Software Technologies for a fresher in Mumbai?
Why do Google software engineers look like God compared to normal developers?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
How many hours does it take you to read through a technical or mathematical book?
How can augmented reality be useful in the travel industry?
Should I opt for a management quota seat at MPSTME CSE for 15 lakhs or RVCE ISE for 30 lakhs?
Why don't the 150 countries and the owners of 300,000 machines put a stop to hackers requiring ransom payments, by buying security software that works?
Which career option has better future - Android applicant development or C++ coding and software development?
Will there be too many software engineers?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Teradata ?
Is beginning a career with a job where you are adding features to a deployed Windows form application, a good idea?
Is there any dream company for civil engineers like Google for software people?
What will the best project topic be on software that I can use to make attractive and useful software?
Is it possible to re-start a career in IT at age 46? I have a MS in software engineering but worked in management and only have a year of coding.
What do performance testers do? Do performance testers get an opportunity to write any code?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
Can an electrical engineering student survive in software industry without knowing all CSE subject?
Why am I not able to learn software technologies?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
Is it possible to switch internally in Samsung R&D, from a white box tester to a software developer profile?
In the software industry, how important is the role of a technical product manager? Is this role still relevant and does it have scope?
Should I leave my developer job that mostly consists of maintaining and fixing very ugly code written by absolute beginners? More in details.
What topics do I need to be perfect for getting a job as an entry level software developer or Java developer?
Does performance in a placement interview affect the software engineer after getting selected in any way?
Can I get into MEng software engineering at the University of Manchester with AAB or A*AB for a level?
What is the difference between an application developer and a software dev? Is it possible for an application​ developer to work at a product-based company?
How do I select the right software testing company?
What are some things that are not taught in college but are useful to a software engineer?
Why should I choose software testing in place of electrical testing?
Has anyone graduated with a second bachelor’s degree in software development and security from UMUC? What are some tips on how to ace each subject?
As a career, which platform is best: SAP BW or software testing?
Do developers feel discomfort and pressure when someone reviews their code?
Is anyone interested in a workplace-based programme making you job-ready for the New Zealand Software development market?
How hard is it to get the job in TCS US as a software engineer?
What are the best-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
What are some good tricks to identify dead code?
How can I earn 12lakh per annum as a software engineer with 3.5lakh as my present salary, with 4 years of experience?
What is a good software engineer’s, e.g working at Google, etc. usual net worth by the age of 55?
How do I launch software product as a teen?
What is your advice for software project manager, having an MS in Technology background? Especially for those who are looking for change but are facing difficulties.
If a computer breaks down, what happens to the software in it?
What JavaScript framework do German software developers approve of?
Which one is better, a site reliability engineer or a system architect in big data?
How can I prepare for an interview for business analysis in a software company?
I have learnt C++, Data Structures and Algorithms. What should I do next to become a software developer?
What is the difference between Schlumberger's ECLIPSE and OMEGA software?
Would you still hire a software developer if he/she is weak at algorithms but have successful track records of production level development?
Why do we disproportionately compensate software developers, when high-level language coding is no more special or rare than design or research?
Is any software engineer working in a completely different industry, and if so, why?
What are some career options after gaining two years’ experience as a software developer?
How difficult is it to change your profile from Manual Tester to Java Developer in Cognizant? What's the procedure?
How do I become a software engineer with a civil engineering degree?
Why are HTTPS requests not cacheable but HTTP can be?
To work as a low-level software developer (e.g. writing device drivers), is it better to study Electrical Engineering or Computer Science?
How can I apply design patterns to the real scenario?
How do I switch to a more promising role within IT after 4.5 years in software testing?
What are different approaches for doing Object-Oriented Analysis and Design?
How can a software developer join the cybersecurity field as a developer?
What set up do you use as a software developer?
How to be a good real software testing engineer?
How can I start a career as a software engineer when I have no degree and experience in this field?
How does one ensure that in test-driven development, no code is written before a failing test is run?
What should I do when I feel low in engineering life?
What are my chances of finding a part-time programming job while getting a master's?
Does it make sense to go back to school for a BS in software engineering?
To what extent does solving problems in competitive programming look like solving real life problems in software engineering and development position?
When a developer deploys a code into a server, then how does the tester test it?
How can a software/web developer make money while in a new city for a few months?
Are IT companies trying to terminate the testers?
What is the difference between interface testing and GUI testing?
What is your opinion on working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
Which tests should I take to get a full funded scholarship from the US in software engineering? What volunteer works should I do? I am from Afghanistan.
What are some workflows for test-driven development of RESTful API server apps?
How do you pronounce Vi?
Is it worth it to switch to Salesforce development after 8 years and 6 months of experience in software testing/test automation/QA?
What other software packages can be connected within the EMR system?
How relevant are programming languages for me if I don't want to be a coder or a software developer? I am a business student.
How do I sustain a software job in automation and digital?
What companies in India offer software engineering jobs that involve traveling abroad?
Why is it important to invest in software testing services?
Can an Indian software test analyst with 7 years of experience working in the UK find a job in Ireland?
What is the best option after Civil Engineering if you are not placed from college?
What are good habits of a software engineer?
What is the best software for knowing the world?
What are some of the costs incurred when developing software?
Is a specialisation in HCI a good option for a software engineer?
Once I learn to code, will I be able to start a small freelance or software company over time?
How do I start my carrier as software developer?
What are the checkpoints before selecting software development outsourcing?
What processes strengthen for developers?
Currently I am working as Qa engineer but I want to change my career and be a software developer.How should I proceed to achieve this?
What is a method to grow as a manual tester?
Is there a company to certify software architecture?
How can a software engineer tap into AI/DL sector?
What is the process to get into any PSU as a software engineer having 3+ years of experience?
Why does Python cover so many software development areas?
What types of projects can a freelancer software developer develop?
Has anyone been called to attend the bootcamp after a 30 minute interview with Planit for software testing (Hyderabad, India)?
What are the government exams/jobs available for software engineers?
Who gets the higher pay: a diploma engineer or a PUC engineer?
Is the work of Texas Instruments’ embedded engineers more about hardware or software?
Why are there so many people learning software development?
How do I change the language of a software program?
How much will competitive programming benefit my software engineering career?
What are the different phases of the Unified software Development Process?
Which software companies do not care about academic records?
Which company is a better career progression and more satisfying job for a software graduate in the UK: Morgan Stanley or a small-medium software company?
What are the key considerations before selecting a software development company?
What CIE A level subjects should one take to pursue economics, business, computer science and software engineering in a university?
Besides software development, what reasonably paid lines of work rely on a lot of self-taught individuals?
Are PHP developers software engineers?
What are good software Companies in India which are not very popular?
How do you approach upper level management if you have developed a piece of software for your company?
Which is the best chemical engg. software that has a good future scope?
How often do you find yourself ignoring functionality confirmation, when developing software?
Our software development company in the US, with around 60 people, is looking for a performance management system. What are some good online software options?
What could be the best service feature a software development agency can give its client?
I have an offer from Tesla. What should I expect after I join as a software engineer, in terms of ramp-up time, layoffs, etc., and how is the work culture?
What could be a great topic for a software development meet-up?
Why do engineering titles such as "Senior" or "Principal" exist at software companies?
What are some simple hacks that every software engineer should know?
Can network security engineers or network engineers earn 50 lpa after 5 years of their starting their careers as software engineers?
Being a software release engineer, what are the skills required to equip myself for future growth?
Should I wear jeans to a software engineer interview?
How is software all about abstractions?
Can we do both computer software and hardware engeeniering at the same time?
How do you start in cyber security?
How does QA help you to release your software faster?
What are the do's and don’ts for startups in the software field?
Is a BSc is required to get a good job as a software developer?
What is the most coolest engineering field in your opinion and why?
What are the basic requirements of a multi school software solution?
Should I feel embarrassed if a junior software developer knows something better than I do in programming?
What is the best software company in Indore?
How is manufacturing engineering software made for such an specific industry?
Which is better, software engineering at Google in the US or being an IAS officer in India?
Are QA roles considered inferior to other roles in IT because it's just about evaluating other's work?
How did things go for independent developers who have open sourced your software?
What is the best software for developing games?
What are the processes VAPT testing companies follow?
Is it mandatory to do MS to grow in software industry?
What jobs are not easily replaceable in the software development industry?
How can I become a software engineer?
Which type of software minor projects will develop for learning?
Which one should I pursue at the university, software engineering or agriculture?
Is there anyone familiar with Life Cycle Assessment software such as GREET?
What is the average salary of a software development manager at Amazon in Seattle?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
How would you describe the life cycle of software and how development is done to a non-technical person?
Can I get a software developer in Hyderabad with a zeal to do big without asking for money immediately?
How do I change my career from IT to software?
How can I transform from a quality analyst (QA) to a software development engineer in testing (SDET)?
Are large projects a huge risk for software architects? Do they benefit their careers in the long run if they succeed or fail due to business reasons?
What is the best software for a domain shop?
Is it possible for a developer to be excellent in many platforms?
Which is a better company amongst 'ThoughtWorks', 'Qualys', 'SAS', 'NetCracker' to join as a software engineer?
How can software packages be acquired?
Is there any piece of software that can post my extra tickets to various social sites?
Do software engineers in SDIM (System Delivery and Incident Management) get paid more than developers do?
Is there any software integration like Lumion but with better rendering quality?
How do you set up Mac administrator and user/developer accounts?
What is the Agile manifesto? What are 4 key points in it?
What should I do if my part time job affects my studies?
What are some idea for a SMART system for a senior college project?
What is it like to write software, actual real software, in real time?
What are the skills that a software developer trainee needs to know?
How do I better design a software system architecture?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their knowledge?
Where is a good place to search or post jobs for software engineers?
Which is the best field for an engineer to switch to from software testing, besides development?
How can someone be an excellent developer while dealing with the pressures of university?
What are some cases in which test driven development does not work?
As a product manager, what are other software development methods besides Agile that are still relevant in the workforce?
Have you moved from software testing to Salesforce development?
What is the best software to design a watch from scratch?
What are the additional skills that can be developed for a good career in a software field?
Which would be better for a fresher, becoming a software developer at ZOHO Corporation or a software developer at OpenText Technologies?
I have a software idea to make healthcare clinics better. Where should I start?
Which company makes software?
What is performance evaluation based on individual projects for software professionals? Should they feel evaluated and appreciated after each project?
What might be the first salary of a software engineer?
Where can I get the HN-NonLin V1.1 software? It is a free software program, but I am not able to find it.
Should I appear for IELTS again, or try for an Australian 189 visa?
What does the software engineering and development market need nowadays according to databases knowledge and skills, and how to learn this fast?
Will people lose their jobs in IT companies due to automation in software?
Going to work as a first time entry level web-developer (front-end) that collaborates with the back-end team. How do I know I am ready for this job?
Which industry is least likely to lay software engineer employees off in an economic downturn - consumer electronics, devices, or financial services?
I’m a software developer who has jumped companies almost every year. How do I make my career path in the future?
Are there relatively few software positions at SpaceX?
What is the SRMJEE mark required for the software engineering course in 2017 (Kattankulathur)?
When is the best time to apply for a job at Google India for the position of software engineer?
What are some good project ideas for a software development project for the last year?
As a software engineer, what is the software that I have to learn to help me to get a good job?
Do software engineers ever regret their profession?
What do you think about engineering and life as an engineer?
What is the best 3D software for architects?
Can you help me answer this interview question- “How will you hire 50 software engineers in 6 months?”
As a developer, is it true that I shouldn't fear being unemployed when getting old, if I can keep my passion and work hard in software development?
What is the origin of the term to "port" software?
Can a mathematician work as a software developer?
Can I become a software engineer by studying physics in a university?
What are the most in-demand projects and skills for a freelance software engineer?
Can I work independently after becoming a software developer?
What branch should I take in engineering if I don't want to do desk job? I’d rather invent new designs, software, etc.
A famous computer scientist observed that stable hardware fosters innovative software, while stable software fosters innovative hardware. Who wrote that and where? (Could it be Knuth, Lampson, or Thacker?)
If you are a software developer who is in your late 20s or early 30s, do you think that you will still work as a software developer at 35?
What potential ethical issues do software manufacturers face in making trade-offs between project schedules, project costs, and software quality?
Can a recent mechanical engineering graduate manage a software developer role?
How do I start studying for computer testing as a career?
What would a normal software engineer do at his 50s or 60s?
Can I use my experience as a software engineer to be admitted into Stanford?
What software is used to make web comics?
Do no game engineers make good stuff in video game development?
What is field testing?
​What does Alan Cooper think of the Agile development process?
Should I move from Singapore to Germany as a software engineer?
What companies in Davis are hiring software engineers?
What is a better option to choose - software testing engineer or networking analyst to pursue as a career?
Is UMT, Lahore, best for software engineering?
How can I better myself as a project engineer?
Is there any chance a software engineer can serve Indian army?
How do software companies in the medical industry support their customers when seeing the data on a user's screen would be a violation of HIPAA?
What kind of tool would increase the communication in software development?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What is the salary of a management trainee intern after absorption in the software company Epsilon?
How is it to work in Mahindra Comviva in the post of software engineer-IV?
What would be the best move to become a software engineer, after completing a degree in civil engineering? Would a bachelor’s or master’s in CS help?
How soon will AI and ML make software developers obsolete?
If data scientist is my first job, does that make it harder to get a job in software engineering in the future?
What are the best IT companies in Switzerland?
Have you taken the Bentley written test for software engineers?
What video control software or management software do HEVC/VP9/AV1 streaming providers use today and what are the challenges do they face?
Is 5 years a reasonable amount of time to try to become an engineer?
What skills should I have after 2 years of experience in software testing?
Should I expect a lot of stress if I switch to a software developer job from EE?
Does Vi have a help command?
How long does it take an experienced attorney to redline a software licensing agreement?
How good is career as a software engineer in Business Analytics?
Which has better career opportunities for embedded engineers currently, automotive or IOT?
Which is harder, software developing or web developing?
What is digital repository software?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
Which are the best .NET software companies in India?
Can international students who completed bachelors’ of software engineering get jobs in Australia?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing and now I want to move into data science and do an MS in it. How can I go about this?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
What can a software developer do?
What are the advantages of Cadence software?
Does anyone ever regret going for an MBA from a software engineering background?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Microsoft Seattle campus?
What are the most innovative open source software projects related to cybersecurity?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
I have an accounting background. Should I change to QA tester for the ease to work from home? I am a mother of two and had a two year hiatus.
Do software development contractors need an ABN in Australia?
What type of glass do they use on the exterior of a smartphone camera?
What should an electrical engineering undergraduate do to get an internship at software companies like Adobe or any other?
What is BFSI? Is this knowledge required for software testers?
Does the government hire software engineers?
What is software? What is operating system? What is an application?
Which course has better placements, BSC CS or BE CS?
Would it be better to just go for my Cisco (CCNA-CCNP) or for a software engineering degree? I have an interest in both, but what would be better?
How is the work routine for engineers?
What are the characteristics of a software development company?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
Why is software development outsourcing a need?
Is there any software that can be useful for project planning?
I graduated a year ago and currently working. I am interested in software development but want to brush up my skills. Can I apply for internship?
What is a target-action method?
Is it a good idea to switch from engineer development to engineer QA after having 4+ years of experience in development?
What is the difference in IT engineering, telecom engineering, software engineering and computer engineering?
What are the similarities between hardware and software, and what are the differences?
What online courses could I get to get a job in the USA as a software engineer if I have only a Russian diploma in computer science?
In the IT industry, which sector has more scope, web designing or software development?
What software does one need to code?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Google at the Mountain View campus?
Is there free software similar to Teleport by Abyssoft?
Which software companies in India offer compensation to study along with doing the job?
What is automation in software industry?
Can computer scientists create software programs that are impenetrable?
What are simple ways to monitor and improve web performance?
What is the meaning of top up license?
What is the salary breakdown (base + RSU + bonus) of a software engineer with a master’s degree and 3 years of work experience in 2017 in the Bay Area?
What is an example of a non-software project that uses Agile?
What should travel agencies do in order to stay ahead of the competition?
Should I major in computer science, cyber security or software engineering?
How do I know, when hiring software engineers for a startup, which one is good or bad?
How can I become more confident as an independent software developer?
How can I get job offerings from big companies with a good salary since I am working as a software tester?
How can I move out of a consulting and management role in IT services to a software engineering role?
Does there exist a software that will block out certain programs I specify until a certain time of day?
Which is a better job, an IBPS/SBI PO or a software engineer in TCS?
How can some programmers read the code and fix problems very easily in a big software stack, like a networking protocol stack?
Can I become a software devoloper and a web developer?
How do I utilize my time during my job as a software developer? As I am distract from my aim.
I am a fresher who is working on a software company for 3 months and I don't think I'll get enough exposure here what should I do?
What are some crucial concepts to learn before the call letter to a software job arrives?
What are some business opportunity trends within AI that can be monetized with little seed capital, if any?
What are the main differences among computer engineering, IT and software engineering?
How can I meet an Indian software developer?
Which is the most useful and common software in Canada?
Is it possible to simulate a software test lab using Machine learning?
Do software engineers or doctors have a higher net worth?
I am working as a software developer for 1 year but I am more interested in functional career rather than technical. What should I do?
How can I earn more than 20 lpa as a college dropout and self-taught software engineer in India?
As a software developer, how do you find time to learn new skills if you have a family and children to take care?
When can I consider myself as a fit entity to be a software developer?
Can software engineers change from developing to the testing domain? If so, which testing tool is good to learn in the present era?
Which software company should I join if I want to travel more?
NVIDIA CEO, Jensen Huang said: "Software Is eating the world, but AI Is going to eat software.” Should we think of this as a platform change?
What are the other ways to start a company other than software related?
How can I change my career from project management to software engineering for embedded systems?
Is a software developer job the right choice?
What are the limitations and possibilities of using smartphone components in a phone they were not made for (e.g. using a HTC camera in an LG phone)?
Will AMCAT exam help to find a software engineer job in this present situation?
Who is the top software development company in Kerala?
Which companies uses coding with NX software for doing dimensioning automation?
Is teaching software programming a conflict of interest for software engineers?
How would you rate MTGO as a piece of software?
Are there any projects to make a non-toy grade block programming language like Scratch?
Should I buy a MacBook or a Windows laptop as an intermediate software developer?
As a trainee QA engineer, should I learn Python or Java? Which will be more useful for my QA career?
How do folks interview senior software engineers?
Recently, we launched a software online inventory system at www.darulsoftwares.com. How can we sell this software?
What should I major in, computer science (software engineering specialization) or (software engineering)?
Is getting a software engineering internship in Orlando difficult?
How can I build a 3D video streaming app for Android?
Why does FIXME do our code in comments? Does it encourage programmers to do more comments in their code?
After 2 years in the industry, is it normal to have so much of your code rewritten by a senior web developer/software engineer?
How does Microsoft train newly hired CS graduates for their development projects?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
Which sort of engineers are responsible for designing laptops, cell phones, etc.?
Why should the insurance industry use manual software testing services?
What are the different software pricing models?
Should I continue my software engineer job in the IT field in India in 2017?
What is scope of CodeIgniter in the software industry?
What is the role of quality engineer and software engineer in terms of software quality engineering?
Do doctors get more net worth than software engineers at the end if they start working as soon as they finished their degrees?
I am working as a software engineer. I want to crack SBI IT officer exam. Should I go with the preparation along with job or just focus on my job?
It's a matter of trust! How can I hijack my site from the programmer that developed it?
How does software development life in Sweden compare to the USA?
In software engineering, is it better to focus on one field or try to learn a handful of fields?
Which one is better to start as a fresher having very few coding experience, being a NOC engineer, a malware trainee or going into software testing?
Does pursuing an MBA in finance give a better financial status than doing software engineering?
What is Telstra’s recruitment process for the post of IT software developer?
What are some examples of a subcutaneous test in software development?
Which field is better, networking or software?
After finishing my first year of computer science, what group projects can I contribute to and where?
What are some tips you would give your past self when you were just getting into software development?
Which software is similar to CARTO?
How can independent developers make money from software development as a sustained model when Apple insists on free upgrades for users?
What is your opinion of the Unified Process(UP)?
Should I list "customer support agent" in my CV for a software engineer job?
What is the role of software engineers in CPEC?
Which software should I begin with for movie making?
How can I get a job in software development while working in IT support?
Is it possible to run a software company alone?
How does auto scaling work in terms of cloud services like AWS and GCP?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
What is the present situation of a software industry? Do Trump’s decisions affect Indian software industries?
What are the ways for a science graduate with no IT background to pursue a career within the IT industry (especially software and app development) in Ontario?
What are the most well-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
How can I change my career from mechanical engineering to embedded software engineering?
Which software developers do I know to trust with my legally unprotected idea?
What is the best software for creating infographs?
What are some websites where I can learn the logic behind circuit designing?
Which is the best for freshers: data science or big data Hadoop training?
I'm an architectural technologist looking to go into the field of software engineering. Which software packages should I prepare to learn?
What kind of interview will it be in Cornerstone OnDemand for a senior software engineer from Bangalore?
What are the technical details that occur during software installation?
How do I switch professions from being a software engineer to being a full-time stock investor?
What are the qualification required for fresher to get a software?
Will a bachelor’s degree in software engineering from a mediocre college in the USA land me a good job?
Is it worth it for an IT fresher to join RAPS iTECH, Chandigarh for the post of Associate software engineer?
What software companies allow the most freedom for employees to work on side projects and OSS off of company time?
How is open source developed?
Is it possible to survive in software industry without passion to learn new technology?
What is the purpose of software quality management?
What is involved in a software developer aptitude test?
I am willing to sacrifice all of my free time to learn algorithms and prepare the Google interview in 1 year, how should I start?
What is chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What are the opportunities for a software developer with design and animation skills?
Is direct addressing mode better than indirect addressing mode?
Has anyone working in software/IT moved from Bangalore to Delhi/NCR? What was your experience?
What kinds of software are far more complex to develop than people (who aren't software engineers) realize?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
What should every software engineer know about software architecture?
Why does Juval Lowy think microservices will be the biggest flop in software?
What are the academic qualifications required to become a software engineer at Google or Microsoft?
Does Google India hire any non-CS graduates as software engineers?
What is the best course to do for a software engineer in IT?
What are the various courses that a software engineer or developer needs?
I want to be a software engineer in a year; how can one start with his own course?
Will there be any wireless technology for smartphones in the future so that we can share battery power (electricity) over WiFi or Bluetooth or something else?
How can I securely pay for the software system?
What are some differences between local development environments and the Continuous Integration server when making builds?
What are the new skills/areas that are relevant for software developer and have scope in future considering the changing IT trend these days?
Why do game developers make so little money in comparison to software engineers?
What are some statistics around usage of open source libraries and frameworks in closed-source or in-house code bases?
How can I customize Soft Tech V6?
What is “modeling”, and what is its importance in software development?
What project can I do in C++ on my own to touch upon majority of my undergraduate concepts in CS?
What are the development tools for multi-touch presentation walls?
Since in India everyone is crazy about CSE, how does one know if it’s his passion or if he is just following the herd?
What are some ways that developers try to act cool around other developers?
Are there any testing hackathons for software testers?
When a place asks for people with basic database software knowledge, what specifically are they thinking?
Is it a good idea to use Java developers as testers for black-box testing of bugs/tasks?
What happens to old QA engineers?
Which software is used for modeling a building?
What are the software a biomedical engineer should learn?
How much do the people running their own small software companies in India make?
How do I partner with a company to use their software/products in a niche market that I have found?
Which is the best software in the retail kids’ garments industry that’s integrated from end-to-end, including taxation, expenses and inventory?
What is the way to get in to the top USA based software companies while working from India?
I want to join Brainware Computers for a PG course in software engineering. Will it be a good decision?
Can anyone opt software engineering in IIT if he had not read computer till 10?
Which is the best software for making FPS?
How do I clear the HSBC recruitment process for a trainee software engineer?
How can Discrete Structures be co-related to software engineering?
How do I approach clients for outsourcing software development projects?
What are the key consideration before choosing offshore software development services?
How is the scope of firmware programming compared to application programming in software industry?
What is the best way to become a software developer after obtaining a civil engineering degree?
Do I have to be a developer to learn DevOps tools like Jenkins?
How can I become a smartphone designer in companies (I mean the design not software design)?
Is FreeCodeCamp only for yet-to-be-developers?
What does it take to study Computer Science at MIT?
What is layoff in a software company?
How do I create scenario-based modelling in software engineering?
When developing for the global environment, should software be designed to fit the business requirements, or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software? Why?
Can a QA engineer with 1+ year of experience in the software industry go into the hardware industry?
How many software professionals (developers, architects, project managers) are there in Dubai and in other GCC countries?
Would you leave NYC and move to Washington, D.C., for a similar good-paying tech job?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer? And what is the growth for the QA role?
How much programming should you know before learning DS & Algo?
Should I accept an offer for a full-time job from Yelp or Amazon as a Software Developer?
Is it hard for a new CS grad with a good GPA and no internships to get a job? How about in Los Angeles?
Is it mandatory to provide "software code(s)" when getting a software patent for a novel which is not obvious?
Where is Uber’s software development centre in Bangalore?
Does a degree or experience talk better in software engineering, as well as to be a part of reputed companies?
Does BITS offer undergraduate software engineering (SWE) instead of CSE? I can't find details on the internet.
Is software engineering a meritocratic field?
How DevOps will help manual tester with more than 10 years of experience?
What are top websites where software professinals reside?
What is the best optimal path for Switching Career to from software developer to Data scientist?
Which IT software companies in the Noida region are open to career opportunities from the summer to autumn season of 2017?
Does the stock exchange in India provide a platform for software developers?
How do I study and practice software engineering? I am not talking about writing code. I want to know more about the core concepts or corner stones of SE (like design patterns, distributed computing, binary search, etc.). What is the way to study this?
How can I prepare for software testing jobs for freshers in the Netherlands if I am an outsider?
How much do software engineers make at NTT DATA after working for 2 years?
Which programming skills should I learn?
What are other career choices for a Software Engineer on H1B visa?
After spending 3 years in a product support profile, how can I keep myself motivated to switch to a development profile? Or is it too late?
How many times a week do you use a debugger?
What are the services a software testing company offers?
What should be the salary of an ASP.NET software developer with 4 years of experience?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
How can a jack-of-no-trades full-stack/front-end engineer find another job?
How do I start over as a software engineer?
Is there any Flowchart software for Linux recommended?
What is salary for software engineer at Deerwalk Nepal?
What are the prerequisites for automotive software engineering?
How can I become a recipe tester?
Which are the software testing tools institutes use in Pune?
What is the future chances for an Application Development Manager in India?
How important is the time of year you apply for entry-level software engineering jobs?
What is the best option after completing a bachelor’s in software engineering?
Which department is better, in terms of career growth, in the banking sector?
What is the difference between regression, sanity and smoke testing?
How do I get a software idea developed if I am not a developer?
Should I focus on learning the product or sharpening my technical skills?
Are software engineers allowed to tell people where they work?
Whose responsibility is it to determine the cost of a new feature?
What are good performance metrics or KPI's for a new COO of a software technology consulting company?
How do I start my career choice as a software engineer or analysis?
Is it good for a software developer to take up the position of product support engineer in India?
How do I prepare for product-based software companies as I am a pass out from a normal engineering college?
How can I apply for a software developer position in ZOHO? I have work experience. How will be the interview process, and how can I prepare for it?
What should I do after building a well functioning windows desktop application?
How do I change careers from the QE department to software development?
Which should I choose for ECE - software or core?
What are the properties of offshore software development services?
What should I do to get the most out of a web dev internship with a very low-quality code base? My boss does not want to do a major refactor and redesign.
Has industrialization denounced farming, specially the software industry?
How do I setup in-house software development unit in consultancy company?
What is the difference between a systems engineer, an informatics engineer and a computer engineer?
Is full-stack developer just a fancy name for programmer?
I'm working as a software engineer in an organization. I always wanted to be a pilot. Is it possible for me to switch my career?
What are the best resources on the topic of website performance optimization?
What's the difference between a system programmer and a system engineer? Which of them is better in terms of a monthly income?
If there is no software information can I still use StartApp?
What is the best self learning path to going from noob to software engineer?
Which of the largest technology companies do not require code interviewing when recruiting new developers?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
Are the electrical engineers get job in software companies?
How much do software/IT architects at McKinsey typically make initially?
Is 12th needed for software engineering jobs?
How do I understand very large code-bases quickly in a product-based company?
How do I make a software for visualisation?
How do I save a range after docking with Hex 8 software?
What are some good software product prototyping tools?
What is the difference between computer engineering, system engineering and software engineering?
Is Java a software?
Is it possible to get a license as a software engineer with a BTech in electrical?
Am I a software engineer if I know how to use AppInventor to build apps?
What is the difference between software engineering and computer science engineering? And which one has major opportunities in placement?
Which software will be best for designing PCB for small projects? Where do I get tutorials?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
What are some of the best practices for setting up the scope of work and contracts when hiring developers overseas?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
Is it possible to assess the quality of software if the customer keeps changing the functional requirements?
What subjects should I choose in college (apart from distributed systems) to prepare me for a data architect role?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Should I be concerned for my career as a software developer?
Can a non-maths student be a software engineer with PCB & C++ as subjects?
By 2023, will software engineering be a good career for making money?
Does Yammer hire entry level software engineers?
Is it legal for an Indian company to sell software to a company in Pakistan?
Which are the top software QA automation tools in high demand right now?
Is it common to not be able to get the dev version of a repo working locally when you start a new job?
How are software and hardware implemented in educational institutions?
What is it like working as a software engineering VP at JP Morgan, Bangalore?
Why did you change your field from electronics to software?
How long do software engineers spend taking customer requirements?
What exactly happens to software when someone cracks or patches it?
Are software developers going to lose jobs in the industrial revolution 4.0?
What is it like to be a machine learning engineer?
Do developers from top tech companies like Google always feel superior to other developers?
What are the key traits of a process engineer?
How do I learn "database principles and applications"? Is this course good for a software engineering major student?
Can I develop an Android application like the Matrix Lab software with the same features?
Why aren’t software engineers happy with their life?
What algorithms and data structures are included for software students?
How does your company/organization handle cloud account ownership?
What is Amazon Ireland's official or unofficial dress code? What is the rough criteria for evaluating a candidate for a software developer job?
What is a ground maintenance software?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer?
How difficult is Societe Generale's coding test for experienced software developers?
How many days does a software work?
I got a job as a software tester but didn't negotiate my salary. 4 months in and it's really difficult for me. When/How should I renegotiate?
Which is the best time for getting a job: September and October or January and February?
Who replaced CMMI for the development of quality systems for software development companies?
Where can I find out more about Access, the Office software?
What is Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering (CPRE)? How it can help you as a software engineer?
What is the salary package of an IT software engineer after 6 years?
As an undergraduate petroleum engineering student what type of software do I need to know?
How do I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
Why are Americans afraid of Indian software engineers?
What is the ZoomRX interview process for a software development engineer?
What is your view on the use of remote teams on software development (offshore/nearshore sourcing)?
What should be the subject to be chosen for software engineering?
Which start-ups are hiring software engineers on F1 student visas in the San Francisco Bay area?
Can a data scientist at Amazon refer for a software engineering position?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with 49000 rank?
Are the courses and job opportunities offered by SJSU's MS software engineering special session (off campus) similar to the on-campus MS SE?
Which one should I choose, a football player contract for Real Madrid team A or a software engineer offer from Google?
What computer skills does one learn under a digital humanities course?
How easy is it to get PR in Canada for a software developer having 3 years of experience?
How do we get to know during software design that the hardware (Intel Edison) has enough computational​ power to run the software?
How can you become a multi-billionaire through writing a software? Do I need a single laptop and a software or more, where and how do I get started?
How much detail about projects at my current company can I include in my resume?
What topics should I be prepared for in a software development engineer interview after working for 1-1.5 years?
What do you need to know/do in order to stand out as a software engineer?
How do you perform multi-document transactions in MongoDB?
How much money do the best software engineers on Wall Street make?
How can you implement sticky sessions in a distributed system?
I want to create a REST API and use it for my mobile application (retrieving simple data). What language and framework would be the best choice?
What is the best software course for non-IT graduates in India?
What are the benefits of commercial software?
What is the advantage of studying electrical engineering, because at the end I will be getting a job as a software engineer?
What if I don't update my mobile software regularly?
How can software testing help the logistics industry?
Why would you want to make unsafe calls in Kotlin?
How many software development teams worldwide provide outsourcing? I need a reliable source.
What software or process do you use to validate online a new branch location?
What are the trends in software development outsourcing?
What are the advantages of implementing a software measurement program within an IT organization?
What are the properties of software testing services?
How are joins supported by SQL but not in NoSQL databases?
Are enterprise customers willing to pay for SaaS software, reducing the time spent on meetings in large organizations ?
Should I go into mechanical, electrical, aerospace, or software engineering?
Is there any way to stay calm and focused while working with some ugly and stupid people in the software industry?
Intentional Software is integrated into Microsoft. Where have the workbenches disappeared to?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
Can I work as a network engineer and a QA engineer at the same time and the same company?
How do you reverse engineer an app/software?
Where is the Rubrik India Development Center located, and how competitive is the hiring for fresher software engineers?
How hard is it to be recruited by Rakuten, Japan as a software tester working in India for the past 6+ years?
What are the tips to choose software development company?
What should software developers do when they are getting old?
Should I take an IT intern role if I want to do software engineering?
Which intel development board is the best equivalent to a Raspberry Pi 3 Model?
How can I apply to the Google company as a QA engineer?
What's the most ridiculously over-engineered piece of code you've seen?
What does it mean to "stand up" a server?
What is the minimum time to learn an engineering software?
Which is a good profession: teaching or software industry-related jobs?
What does killing net neutrality mean in regards to job security for those employed as software/web developers?
What was your first week like at your first software engineering job?
Are applications and software both the same?
How should a software engineer invest 40K savings?
What is network monitoring software?
Is it better to study hardware or software?
Why do many jobs have a sign "This job is not open for new grads" in HackerRank?
What are various softwares that a civil engineer need to learn for his future benefits?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is the best software for watch designing?
Which operating system is best for SolidWorks software?
Which courses should I opt in my college? I want to become a software/game developer.
What are the advantages of software development outsourcing?
What is QFD? How is it beneficial in effective software product development and design?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
What is necessary to develop a software application?
What is the difference between software testing and software inspection?
Apart from Crossover, can somebody give a list of similar companies that offer remote jobs for software engineers?
Where can I learn AUTODYN software online?
After the device dies, can you handle the software without the device?
What is software architecture in software engineering?
Which top graduate schools offer professional master's degrees in CS, software engineering, or data science?
I have an offer from Siemens and one from Honeywell for the post of senior software engineer. Which should I choose?
Are software developers proud of the software that they have done after the submission of the projects?
If I am using a one year renewal licensed software to develop a software product, should I capitalize or expense the license?
What are the best software solutions for fresh produce wholesalers?
Are there any good books or resources for learning about Agile from a service perspective vs. a software development perspective?
Can you become a software engineer through computer science?
Is it normal for remote developers that work for US software startups from other countries to earn way less than developers working onsite?
What does it mean for a software to be all about abstractions?
How can a third party verify a software engineer?
I have been in the USA as a Dot Net programmer for 4 years. The pay is quite a bit less in the market when compared to other programming languages. What are some suggestions for me?
Which is the best institute to learn software testing in NCR?
How do I get an internship in Sokrati as a software development engineer?
How can one become well versed with software like FactStage?
Will making my software free for non-commercial use diminish my chances of getting a company to acquire my company in future?
Can I be successful in software engineering at SJSU if I am not good at math?
What are the ways where I can promote my software development services to gain more client?
How good is ThreadSol for a software engineer position?
Is it common to be asked to take psychometric tests for software engineering roles?
What I do after twelth for software engineering?
What kind of opportunities are there for an MBA candidate in the software sector?
What was the first application software?
What are the historical landmarks in the development of software systems worldwide?
How does one go about translating a real-world idea for an application to a design of RESTful API for it?
I have just cleared my class 12 and have joined a good college with CSE. How should I improve my programming (or technical) skills?
What is the field of maths most required during software/game development?
What do people prefer to buy: a 'device' (i.e. smartphone/software embedded hardware) or a pure software product (say an operating system)?
Is reusability in software development a joke?
What is maintainability in software engineering?
What sort of software-related jobs are being performed at Magic, Inc. Philippines?
How do I become a successful software developer if I don't like programming?
What are the important things that a software engineer need to do daily to improve them technically?
If I have a software or service developed for hospitals, what are the best possible methods for promoting it with lesser investment but high outreach?
What does it look like working in a trading firm (like SIG) as a software engineer?
What is some information about Penn State's World Campus bachelor’s in software engineering program?
What are some tricky questions in a software engineer interview?
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
How is ASU’s MS program for software engineering?
Is it true that Indian IT engineers’ resumes are filled with fake data?
Are web developers software engineers?
What is the annual cost to study software engineering?
What options for self development (MBA/Diploma) does a software engineer with 5 years experience have in Pune?
Can I get software job in Russia?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their skills/knowledge in their domain?
I’m looking to switch careers to software development. What programming languages should I focus on learning first to best help my job prospects?
How can I switch careers from BPO to a software developer or programmer?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
What work does the Hewlett-Packard software company do in Chennai?
Which is the best and preferable resume format for applying to a leading software MNC's for a fresher job?
How can a software developer get a product management job at Facebook, Google etc.?
Which company is best to join among LinkedIn and Dropbox as a software engineer?
How do you obtain a tech position in the pharma/biotech sector? I have been an NYC Software developer for 15 years and I am willing to spend 1–2 years gaining a science background. What are some degrees, schools, and eventually companies/roles that I should consider?
Which are the other softwares like anthroplus?
Do you think that protection of Indian tech companies can guarantee their development?
How can I buy software for my company?
How did you get into game development? What advice would you give to a newbie who wants to transition from writing software to developing games?
As a software engineer in the US, how can I maximize my salary?
What was a starting software engineer’s salary for each year, from 2000 to 2017, in India?
What are some online databases for a React application?
What is the scope of software engineering in USA?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of working at a big 4 software company but not at the company HQ?
Can I pursue an MS in MIS if I have a bachelor's in science and a software engineering certificate (3-year course) from NIIT?
How is Capgemini as a senior software engineer, and what are its future prospects?
What percentage of software engineers do large tech companies employ?
Which software is best for testing the efficiency of a building?
What qualification is required for a software tester in Dubai?
What is an effective way of sourcing for engineering equipment?
Should I study hardware or software from Canada?
How can one learn software engineering from knowing nothing to being a pro online?
How do I find long-term accommodation in Seattle? I’m an Indian girl joining a software company.
Which software course is best for a 1 year experience?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
What do software engineers do for Amazon?
What factors should we consider before selecting a software development company?
What is the profile of software engineers in Silicon Valley who got a minimum of $50k USD as sign-on bonuses (since 2012)?
How do I analyse a building with lead rubber bearing in ETABS?
How do I deal with my software director in New Zealand who doesn't have much trust in my technical skill sets?
Which career path is best for a software engineer who is not passionate about architecting technical projects, but who wants to grow?
What to do for clearing testing interview in SAP HR with no prior knowledge? I am a tester with 2 years of functional testing experience.
Where can I get a clone of Zarfund with the source code?
How are the placements in SWE in SRM?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
As a software developer, why do you put a lot of programming languages, frameworks and technical skills on your CV?
What is industrialization systems in terms of software domain?
What are the placements like for an integrated MTech in software engineering at VIT?
Can a software developer with an experience of 1 year get a job in marketing?
What are the proxy software tools?
What annual salary should I expect in Suffolk, England, with 7 years of experience as a .NET software developer?
What are the other options for BtecIT other than software companies?
Will focusing on Android development during college help me get placed in most companies coming for placement drive?
How can I enhance my coding skill to be a software developer?
Does software testing require any coding knowledge?
How is the scope, salary-wise, for a software tester in the fund accounting domain (IT industry)?
What are the steps that I should take in order to become an engineer’s apprentice with no experience?
What is the highest paying software development role in India?
How do I find a junior backend position?
How do I decide the beam orientation in Patran software?
Which career is better salary-wise, a software developer or CCIE security?
Which planets are responsible for good software engineers, in astrology?
What tech companies have the strongest engineering team?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
Which platform is better for a software engineer between Java and PHP to create the best market for himself?
Why should we use software configuration management?
What is meant by software and hardware?
How is Quora useful to software engineers?
How is the career growth in Zenoti Hyderabad for a software developer (fresher)?
Roughly how much should I make as a software engineer with 5 years of experience in Munich?
What are some very old software you still use?
What's the difference between a support engineer and DevOps engineering roles at Amazon?
What is the hiring process like for software engineers in Nepalese tech companies?
Is there anyone who is looking for experience certificate in software?
What are the properties of software development outsourcing?
What requirements are available in the SRS document?
How do I move out of software engineering to a product/business/strategy role?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
What solutions does a software development company provide?
Where can I get programming software?
What is AN Software?
What should we do to get a software job?
What are examples of manufacturing engineering software?
How does Google Polymer compare to React?
What are the top ten software programs for civil engineers?
Do software developers copy code from their colleagues?
What are the applications of software?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
How do I make my team more agile?
Is it true that software development is a dead end job after 30 and most software developers can only start their own companies?
What are the similarities/differences between a cloud architect and infrastructure architect?
Why did software companies cut jobs in India?
Which design software is best for an environmental engineer?
What is the perfect lifestyle of a software professional?
What work do software engineer, analyst, and tester do in companies like Capgemini, Cognizant, Infosys?
What software model is good for deadlines?
What kind of companies or work profile offers interdisciplinary, challenging and innovation demanding problem solving task for engineering background in India?
What happens during Samsung's software competency test?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
What are the steps that will be done after the completion of writing the Java code in software industries?
How can someone be an excellent software developer after maintaining university pressure?
How can I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
What is green software engineering?
What are passes in system software?
Is having a meal twice daily good for software engineers?
Do you know all the aspects of software outsourcing development overseas yet?
How is the Rajesh Patkar Institute of Software Engineering in Mumbai?
After how many years are software projects usually replaced (or rewritten so substantially they could be considered new)?
Is getting a software engineering degree a better career move than getting a computer science degree?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
How long, on average, does it take to be intellectually comfortable/competent as a software developer?
What is a software research engineer at Google?
What are the best courses related to databases that a software engineer should do?
Which job is more intellectually challenging, a developer’s job at HFT/financial firms or a developer’s position at software firms like Google and Amazon?
Can a self taught excellent (who can prove he's better than others in coding & did many projects) college dropout software engineer get a job in India?
What opportunities will Google's new OS, Fuchsia, bring for mobile app developers?
How do I work with a QA engineer with 10 years of experience who doesn't know how to rename a file in a command line?
Why would adding MPI slow down my CUDA/OpenMP parallel program, rather than speed it up?
Which company gives a higher salary to freshers, a product-based software company or service-based software company?
If you have a choice of having a software job or a business, which one would you choose and why?
How I can calculate my hourly rate as a software freelancer with 6 years of experience?
Do AI consultants themselves implement the software/code in businesses or is this done by specific AI software developers?
How can I become a remote contract developer?
What's the hardest part of successfully automating a system?
Can you tell me how to make any software learn start?
How do I learn software development skills if I am from an IT support background and currently working as a DevOps engineer?
Is it worth having an ITIL Foundation certificate for software professionals with 2 years of experience?
Would getting a System Administrator job in college help me land a Software Engineering role afterwards?
Which one is good to join, Infosys or CGI? Both are offering kind of the same packages for senior software engineers.
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
Do you need to be proficient in higher level mathematics to become a senior software engineer?
Is it true that computer programming is 99% self-taught?
How can I become a millionaire by working at Infosys?
Can a pregnant woman change jobs easily in the software industry?
How is the software testing profile at Samsung R&D Bangalore for a Tier 3 CSE grad?
What is a good score in the NTS GAT with a 2.9 CGPA? I need a scholarship for a master’s in software engineering.
Why does Google restrict access to software developing docs, services, etc., for Iranian programmers while Microsoft doesn't?
What is the best way (step-by-step) to become a software engineer in a short amount of time?
Which software course is the best to get a job quickly?
What is a good, complete book on software engineering?
What is some free software for an audio analyzer?
What group can I take for going in software field?
Which start ups in India are currently hiring (April 2017) software developers with one year of experience?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
How do I move from a systems admin profile to software development?
Can I do a computer science/software engineering project related to migraines somehow?
What are the steps for managing a remote team for software development?
Can a manual tester become a software developer if he has good programming knowledge?
As a fresher, what kind of growth can I expect in the software field?
What qualities do I need to call myself a software developer?
Which will be better, CDac or software testing coaching for job purposes, for the M.ECE 2015 batch?
Which offer should I accept - a product support engineer at Sprinklr, or a software engineer at Continental R&D?
What do all computer engineers, IT engineers and software engineers think of EVM tampering?
What is the difference between a computer hardware and computer software?
What is the best way to improve my software quality management skills?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
Is there any scope for a piping isometric drawing software developer?
What is the better career, software developer or digital marketing?
How has your password changed your life?
What is the fastest way to get a list of Twitter user ID's that are active in a past year, i.e. 2015 or is it even possible?
What is the algorithm a Microsoft software developer should know?
Is a first over a 2:1 in Computer Science worth the effort?
Do software engineer attain better position in Infosys than electrical engineer in any core company?
What would the feature of software testing?
Other than calculus, what fundamental math topics should a software engineer know?
What is a daily routine that can help me be fit, healthy, smart and wealthy? I am a 26-year-old male software engineer working 9 to 6.
After passing the 10 class, how much time does it take to be a software engineer?
Which is Zuckerberg’s software for kids to learn coding?
What is the real meaning of 'technical debt' in Agile processes?
It it necessary to have computer science in class 11 and 12 to do software engineering?
How would you prepare for a job as a VP of Engineering?
As a software developer, is it ok to feel exhausted and tired of learning new technical skills?
What are some tips for creating and cultivating a web performance driven culture at a tech company?
What are your thoughts on Free Code Camp?
Which one is better than the others, a cardiologist, oncologist, software engineer, or neurosurgeon? Why?
As a self-employed software developer, how long did it take you to earn what you previously made in your day job?
What are some tools that you have built that you use?
How can I follow software engineers on Quora?
What pre-course input is necessary to join a B.Tech program in computer science?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
What are the best books to learn the foundations behind coding a software?
How do the big tech companies use Python efficiently given its lack of static type checking and other aspects of modern software engineering?
Do all software engineering internships require that you know about Data Structures & Algorithms?
What are the top research labs working on the topic of security in software defined networking?
Following the path of self-education in CS and being a JavaScript developer, when can I consider myself a software engineer?
Is it possible to switch to software?
What should programmers know about AWS to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Do operations research analysts program daily? Are they lifelong learners like software applications developers?
How much information do you divulge when trying to find people to work on a software or new cloud product with worrying someone may steal it from you?
What are the top MNCs for a performance tester/engineer?
How is the culture at Reliance JIO’s office, mainly in their technical (software) department?
Can a software engineer become an international tour guide?
In software development, who is the person that goes out and gets the requirements for a project?
As a software developer, what would you do if a colleague said your work is too easy and doesn’t have much value for the team?
How much scope does software engineering have?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
Are there any options for work from home for a software tester in India?
What is the industry standard ratio for internal tools developers to product developers in a tech organization?
What is the starting salary for a software engineer at Google?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
Should software be designed to fit the business requirements or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
How was Systems Tool Kit developed?
How can I become a software architect at Google or Facebook?
Is web development considered in software engineering?
Is there any bridging course available for a software tester who has migrated from India with a PR visa in hand?
Is it true that engineers can do everything but engineering?
Does software engineers make a lot of money compared to other jobs like doctors, attorneys, and bank investments?
How can I find a developer job with a non-CS degree in India?
Which are the most demanding/trending fields in IT/software industry?
What should be the category A cutoff for software engineering in SRM University on the main campus?
How can I join ISRO? I am a software performance tester but I want to serve the nation within satellite technology.
Which companies host hackathons or other software engineering events?
How is the future in Laravel for a software engineer?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a QA in software testing/development?
How can the absence of good software engineering practice affect software product development?
If I am a new software engineer at Microsoft, what are things I can do early on to set me up for acceptance into the MS Emerging Leader Bench program?
What does the average network engineer know that the average software engineer does not know about computer systems?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Germany?
What is the best technology/software to switch from ITIS (2-year exp.) to a developer role?
What should I do to become a software tester or developer?
To what extent do software engineers need to understand computer and electrical hardware?
What are the programmes offered for the VIT M.Tech software engineering integrated programme?
Which certification should I go for? I graduated in CS, having 2.7 years of work experience, plus a diploma in software engineering.
Why is my external hard disk not loading?
What approach (CMMI, ISO 9001, TickIT, 6Sigma) should I choose as software development quality framework?
How is Cassandra used in building reactive streams systems?
What can I do to become a software engineer? At the present time, I am in the 12th class and my subjects are science and maths.
How do I develop bug-free software?
Which are the universities in Germany which teach (undergraduate) software engineering in English and how do I apply for that?
Which degree is most suitable between a Bachelor’s of CIS and a B.Sc IT majoring in CS & Physics if I desire to be a software engineer in the business world?
How can I switch from a career in software engineering to the cyber security field?
As a British software developer, I really want to move to Silicon Valley to work. How do I make this happen from a visa and finding work standpoint?
Can you work in a software company after doing a non-software btech like mechanical or EEE and an MBA?
What are the common things that excellent engineers do every day?
What are the best advantages of CAM software?
Which is the best software testing course institute in Chandigarh?
What are the key considerations of software development outsourcing?
Would you hire a Free Code Camp camper?
Which angular version is used in software companies in India?
Do star sports require software engineers?
How bad are the worst software engineers at top companies like Google and Facebook?
Why is a medial test required in software companies?
What are the best business intelligence tools for developers to integrate into their clients software projects?
Is MIT good for future software developers, specifically front-end?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing. I am willing to migrate to Canada and switch to different domain such as banking. Is it possible?
Which technology/language in software engineering has a good scope and pays well?
What equipment do IBM software engineers get? And does it differ depending on the location of the IBM office, such as Ireland?
With the same experience, who will get paid more, a software engineer, a security researcher, or a data scientist?
How can I determine which career- data science, data analysis, or software development- would be the best fit for my personality?
What are some uncommon tricks used to protect software from reverse engineering?
Software engineers, what programming languages do you know?
Is there a UML model that shows the technology ecosystem in one diagram?
Is software testing dead?
Are software engineers paid higher, on average, than any other technical field?
How is £75000 (pre-tax) as a salary in London for a software engineer with 4 years of experience, if I want to lead a comfortable life?
What is meant by deploying to stages (production/development)?
Why does Snapchat pay its new grad software engineers more than Google or Facebook?
Why are software company managers sadistic?
Can an average software engineer get an offer from booking.com?
How can I get a job at a Canadian software company from Nigeria?
Do you think the existing vendor selection methods for large firms and SMEs looking to select a reliable vendor are effective or lacking?
What do CS engineers do?
Working as a programmer, is it useful to study by heart standard algorithms such as Dijkstra, Quicksort and so on, or do you just Google them and use them?
Can a software developer at D. E. Shaw in Bangalore get opportunities to transfer internally to an office in the USA?
Is it a good move to join from Cisco (automation tool development) to Nokia Networks (as a solution architect)?
What is it like to work on Keurig's engineering team?
How do you handle push requests of feature branches based on other feature branches?
In Java, why does @Override fail for static methods?
What are the lists of designations for a software developer? What are the responsibilities of an associate software analyst?
How important is it for a professional software developer to learn Vim?
Are algorithms and data structures what make a software developer good?
How can one create and write documents during software development?
Is a Computer Science Engineering degree and a Software Engineering degree given the same value in the tech industry in the USA?
Is the warranty voided if we choose the developer option?
What are the benefits of using a tailoring software?
Why do full-stack developers get low pay compared to other MBA graduates or software developers?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
Which is the youngest big technology giant software company in Silicon Valley?
What are the best system software books?
What problems have you faced from only knowing high-level programming?
Why was Wintel software created?
Can a software developer in India move to tech sales and have a successful career? (I have 3 years of experience in development.) Are there any suggestions for doing this?
How does one get into a career of software security?
How do software companies find more partners?
Should I continue working at an MNC as a software engineer, or should I join GDS BPM?
What is the dress code of engineers in various software companies?
Which cost should I keep an eye on in order to keep the overall cost of software development down and why?
Should I go with computer science as many software engineers are being fired from companies recently?
Under the April 2017 Trump tax plan, should software engineers become one-person corporations?
What are the problems faced by humanity that can be solved by developing software?
What are the things I should know in Python in order to work in Google as a Python software engineer?
Which university has the best master's degree in software engineering?
How can an experienced software professional use his skills to contribute to society in India?
How do you explain to a layman that creativity is an important part of software engineering?
What is the importance of back end systems?
What are some thing that a software developer must know?
In what kind of software development does IQ have the least impact?
As a graduate applying for a Software Engineer position at Cisco, what programming skills do I need? In what language are Cisco devices written?
What should be the strategy to develop a software?
What type of programming does a tester need to do and which programming languages are needed to be a good tester besides the testing tools?
What is the difference between refactoring and re-engineering?
What languages are required to become a developer?
Is there any API to get a list of all software companies?
How do project managers control the scope of software development projects?
What is the significance of gPROMS software?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
Is it worth opting for SWE at the SRM main campus in 2017?
What would be the better career choice among software developer in a start-up or TRMS on Amazon?
Why is it harder for a woman to land that software developer job?
What should be my plan for 2 years, being a fresher database developer?
How do I move from a software quality engineer profile to software pre sales?
How do I design a product catalog for a software company?
What are the names of the software companies which intake students from the University of Florida?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays?
What are the best podcast episodes you've ever listened to as a software engineer?
Why do software professionals lose interest in their careers when they hit their 40′s?
What will be the software companies’ prospects in the coming years?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
Is there a way to have a point-of-sale sync with your server?
What is the best composition of a senior developer and a junior developer in a project?
What course should be done to enter into a good manager/admin role in IT, without being technical or a developer (coding or language)?
How can I get a job developing vehicle software?
What do people at Apple think about Microsoft?
What should be the RAM for engineering to run software like SolidWorks?
Which is the better field for an engineer, finance or software?
How can I get new clients for Web/software development?
Which one is easy, software engineering or engineering?
What is the difference between a software developer and a software programmer? Which job is the best one to get?
Which is the best software company in Coimbatore to go for an internship?
Why is the Janadhar Election software important?
What are the types of Traditional software testing?
Why should we study physics and chemistry to become a software engineer?
What country gives the highest salary for software engineering?
What should I do in my first 90 days at my new job as a software engineer?
Is screen capture editing a good idea for a final-year software engineering project?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What is the use of a reliability study in software engineering?
What are some other jobs that software programmers can do if he/she loses his/her job due to recession or any unavoidable circumstances?
What regions of Australia are currently available for software engineers who want to apply for a 190 visa?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
What's better to pursue, a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or software engineering?
Is there any good Ophthal software?
Which field has more growth: digital marketing or software development?
What is the salary for a senior software engineer in PwC Australia?
As a software developer, do you ever fear new colleagues will take over your position?
How can I improve my focus, become less lazy and more organized?
How can I find a software architect in Zurich?
Who will give outsourcing projects for software development?
What is the math that I need to know as a software engineer?
Is 6 months of experience as a software developer enough to find a better job with a hike in pay?
Alan Kay, could you give an example of when software development has driven hardware development?
What else can be done when you have been to a software training institute?
At what stage are a sequence diagram, a use-case diagram, and a data flow diagram made in the software engineering process?
How do I get into MS in CS at IIITH after 2 years of experience in software at MNC?
How many lines of code are in .NET Core?
What is some software that’s related to civil engineering?
Why is there a need for software testing services?
Which is best, an MTech in integrated software engineering at VIT Vellore or a BTech in software engineering at SRM Chennai?
What are the biggest causes of product delays (software)?
What is the quality of most of the software engineers in India?
How do I develop IT for the automation of SME purchasing?
How are constraints specified in the UML diagram?
What are the requirements for switching jobs for one with a 2-year experience in software testing (manual)?
Just got a new laptop, what software should I install for web development?
What software development processes are used in a university laboratory that is a small group?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
What project or company uses the waterfall model?
Is there a website development or software field in the Dell company?
If a software developer didn't meet the deadline how should a good manager respond? Does pushing developer to work For long hours a right thing to do?
What's it like to work at Amazon as a quality engineer in the UK/USA?
What is the best companies for flight procedure design software?
If actuaries have to be lifelong learners, what is it that they're learning? Do they learn at the same pace as software developers?
Which is the most popular accounting software and why?
How are employment opportunities in Halifax, particularly for IT manual testers?
How likely will it be in 4-6 years for a computer science major to get a job as a software engineer? How will the pay look?
Is web development driving out software development?
Should I leave the IT field?
What is the best way to find a mentor/partner to learn software development? Is there a platform/community for it?
Which software should you have to practice for CCNA?
What should a software engineer learn to be at the managing level?
Can I switch to the software field from the teaching field?
How difficult will it be to modify and use Uber software stack for asteriod mining?
Is there any paid software than can track inventory for resources allocated for a project to different sites rather than for sales?
Who is the best competitor to Chegg who pays well for an software engineer?
If you work as a software engineer, what do you do? Why did you decide to take this job? What are the positive and negative aspects of becoming a software engineer? How can someone obtain the necessary knowledge to become a software engineer?
How do I start a career as a software engineer from being a manual tester with 4.5 years of experience?
Will Deep Algo allow non-coders to visualize complex code? Will such an innovation disrupt and greatly reduce the need for software developers?
How do I a get promine software for education purpose?
Do software developers often take long leave to learn new technical skills?
Can a Google employee change his department from marketing to software? Are there any internal job postings?
How many years should we have to work to get a good salary in the software field?
What is the future scope of software development?
In the USA, how much does a software engineer make from working for a tech startup?
When should LinkedList be used over arrays?
What are the differences between the regular scheduled AP test and the later test date one?
Would you still want to become a software developer if you know you are not smart and will never get a job at top tech companies like Google?
If I am interested in software which program should I accept, CE at Waterloo, CS at Waterloo or software engineering at Mcgill and why?
What is the expected salary for an ASP.NET MVC software engineer with 1 year of experience in Chennai and Bangalore?
I study master program in software engineering, I want to improve myself in Java, what should I do?
Is it better to become a software developer now or in the future?
How does an automation test engineer in IT (software) earn more than a manual test engineer in the same field?
Where can I find exclusivity agreement sample for a software company?
How can I crack the licence of Redmirchi software?
I'm a software engineer in the Bay Area. What is the best way to find mentorship?
When planning a software project schedule, how much time should I reserve for writing tests?
What can I do to improve my work life? I’ve been a software developer for over 6 years in the Bay Area. I have completed my master’s in CS.
How do I find a good software development company?
How good is Wintel software?
I feel like I should go for Data Science and sometimes for software engineering as I love data structure and algorithms. What should I choose?
What is the best way to structure an Android team?
Our software expert, who has been handling our software for years, wants to quit. How do I replace the whole system?
What job should I choose during hard times for software and IT?
Is there software where we can give the name of the products with its rate and its ease of use?
Is there a tool that lets you mirror a git repository into Google Cloud Storage?
What is the best way to learn a new software platform?
Where do I study for software engineering in India?
How does a senior software engineer with Java background get a job in Tower Research Capital?
When does Accenture start their campus drive for associate software engineers from the current batch that is passing out?
How do I become a software engineering team lead fast?
How can we survive in software testing in today's IT industry, because most of the software testing employees are fired?
How can I be non-egotistical as a software engineer?
What percent of software engineers are contractors and has it changed over time?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
Did you ever meet a software engineer from your company who inspired others to be successful in the IT field?
Do American companies and startups hire Europeans with Bachelor's degree in CS for software engineering jobs?
Should I become a software engineer or not?
Can an electrical engineer survive in the software industry without knowing C and data structures properly?
At the age of 40, can I get a software job?
What OS is suitable for a freshmen software developer?
How do I implement feature matching in MATLAB?
If you could go back 20-30 years and make one change in a software design, what would it be?
What would be my salary after 10 years in Adobe if I started as a fresher software engineer in India?
If the BSA believes a company is using pirated software, do they have the right to search the company's computers without a court order?
Why do titles such as "senior software engineer" or "principal engineer" exist at software companies?
What is the average salary of a software developer with 5-10 years of experience in Brisbane, Australia?
Some people have said that to be a software engineer one has to be humble, but most software engineers are the opposite of humble. Why is that?
Why is there a need for software development outsourcing?
How do you migrate database data without any downtime?
For an aspiring software developer without a CS degree, what certifications will look good on my resume?
What should I expect from a company as a junior developer out of college?
What should programmers know about Kubernetes to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Can we copy any paid software?
How long will it take me to make six figures in UK or USA  as a contractor software developer starting from a college level education?
Which career will be better in the future in terms of pay - a software engineer or digital marketer?
Can a bachelor of biomedical engineering do an M.Sc in software engineering with a 3.23 GPA?
What are the seminal papers in software engineering that everyone interested in the area must read?
What is the best career move for an experienced programmer who wants to save the planet?
Which course can I choose for my master’s if I have a Bachelor's in Engineering (automobile) and worked as a software developer?
Is it too old to become a software tester at 35 years old?
Can software get back its boom in the US in the near future?
What are some good career related, online discussion forums to join for the software engineering field, as a professional?
How do I master the art of googling as a programmer?
Is a master’s degree necessary in China for a software engineer?
How many hours do working professionals aspiring for the CAT manage to sleep? If they sleep less, how do they manage to work productively at the office the next day?
Why are there more layoffs in the software field?
How do I start my career in software testing after graduating with a degree in computer science?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Cape Town (Milnerton)?
As a software engineer, should I focus on getting a multitechnology, jack-of-all-trades kind of experience or master one technology experience?
How hard is it to grow into a developer role from another department?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources by clicking a button in a software?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
Of all the things that your solution will do, what should you be developing on your own?
How do large organizations like Google and Microsoft structure their software development teams, given that they have multiple products?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
How does a software development CA enhance a business?
For engineers who left their job to pursue an MBA, how is life after an MBA?
Is it possible for physicists to spend the majority of their time writing code?
Is it true that nearly one lakh software engineers have been laid off by companies? Will this affect employment opportunities in the next two years?
Which are the outdated software developing technologies?
What are the best agile software development firms in London?
Is it advisable to join SPJIMR Mumbai (marketing) if one is already earning 9+ LPA (software engineer)? My specialization preference is marketing only.
What are some suggestions for iPhone developer career growth?
Is it bad practice going above your manager to get design decisions from your customer?
How does a tester work?
What percentage of software engineers (with at least 5 years of experience) in the Bay Area in CA require visa sponsorships or H1B transfers?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
If I have no relevant degree and no prior experience, what are good certifications to break into web/software development with?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
I want to start my startup for software development, Where can I get projects (except freelancing websites)?
Is this software job better than other jobs?
Which content should be included in a software-testing portfolio?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
How have the traditional Marxist ideas of 'property owners' and 'workers' changed with the advent of business software?
How is the software engineering branch in SRM KTR?
How would you redesign the world wide web protocol and formats?
Can I use InterviewBit as a fresher to prepare for software development roles? If so, what do I need to do to get referred?
How can I become an ESL teacher from a software engineer?
How do I impress readers through my resume's objective?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays in Canada?
Could you become a software engineer with a BS in Mathematics?
Is Pascal still used in professional software development?
Are microservices the best option to avoid technical debt?
What are some good video tutorials on design patterns in C++, Java and Python?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
How do Indonesian software (web/mobile) agencies develop software? What current frameworks, tools, etc. do they use?
What is the impact of “DevOps” on QA?
Is interning or working at Uber very beneficial for your future software engineering career?
What level of IB subjects (and what subjects) should I take to pursue software engineering in College?
What if the software developer plans to join a government job? Is this a good idea or just a bad one.
Is it appropriate to bob your head in the rythm of music at work as a software developer?
What is the cost of developing an intra website messaging function, like what you see on LinkedIn? Also, which software is used?
What is it like to transition from a product engineer to an infrastructure engineer?
Should I accept a job that will help me grow as a software engineer or a job that is less professional in its practices but has a team I like?
What kind of problems do AI solve today and what will be the role of software engineer in an AI based software world?
Can I do multiple jobs if I have more than one interest (i.e. automobile designing and software developing)?
Who should you pay more, the back end engineer who creates web APIs or the engineer who architects and develops the front end?
Do “senior developer” and “good developer” mean the same thing?
What are the Microsoft sites used by software developers?
What is the exam conducted by Google to recruit software engineers?
Is this the right time to switch jobs in the software industry?
What are the best practices for business verification in Agile software development, especially Kanban?
Should I choose artificial intelligence or software engineering?
Where do I learn software architect course in India?
Will JavaScript ever get useful binary operators for objects?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
What are the characteristics of software development outsourcing?
What forms of virtualization exist?
Can I still become a software engineer if I got very bad grades in college?
How much time will it take to learn C# if I already know Java?
What should we consider when we need to develop cultural products based upon storytelling techniques?
Which of the following are available in an SRS document?
Personally, what do you do when you're working on a professional coding/software project and you get stuck?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Why most programmers prefer Mac rather they can get better performance by paying less ?
What is the best software to make a Toon movie?
Is it possible to study software engineering if I have studied automotive engineering?
I'm thinking about taking a high school programming and software development course. Is it worth it?
What are the different business that are linked with the stock market (e.g. brokerage firms, mutual funds, etc.)?
How is an average day for a completion engineer?
How can I become a Visual designer in a software company?
I'm a graduate in arts and a working professional. How can I become a software developer/programmer?
What sort of tools do 3D developers write for themselves in companies?
What is the typical hourly consultant rate for a good software engineer in Seattle?
Which well-renowned software was developed in C#?
Has anyone ever applied to a software engineer role in person?
What are some good software companies in Bangladesh with a good work environment and a decent salary?
Which tech companies are middle to lower-middle class-focused?
Is it fine to bring my own keyboard to an internship in software engineering (I like mechanical keyboards)?
What is the role and responsibility of a Director of Engineering in product companies?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
Till which age, generally, do software developers code in India and the USA?
I have been programming for 2 months & have a highly experienced software engineer willing to mentor me regularly. How can I best utilize their help?
What are the most important software and programmes for a civil planning engineer?
What is flow of Dropwizard application?
What reverse engineering tools do we have to apply on big code bases to know what they are doing in as much detail as possible?
What should be the salary for a software developer (ASP.NET) with 4 years’ experience in Ahmedabad?
Is the value of IT and software engineers in India going down?
In a certain code “late” is written as “vgzo”. How would “shine” be written in this code?
How can a new grad from India apply for a Software Engineer role at Works Applications (off-campus opportunities)?
What kind of skills are required for manual testing, and what are the role and responsibilities of a software tester?
Is struggling with engineering problems (Computer Science, Maths, Physics) improves the brain (Critical thinking, problem solving abilities)?
In a subscription software company, what are the best practices and in-between alternatives to handling prospective customers’ perpetual license demands?
What kind of a software application can fetch money from a CA?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Amazon Seattle campus?
How good is 75,000 Canadian dollars for a software engineer with six years of experience in Mississauga, Canada?
Is it true that software engineers can only work until the age of 35/40 because they then get fired by their companies?
What is effort in software engineering?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
How many people working in Amdocs would refer a fresher software engineer if I ask for reference here on Quora?
If I sincerely want to be a web developer, where do I start?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
Is there any way, besides sending mail to HR, to apply for software engineer positions at Paytm (one 97)?
What are the pros and cons of developing software from the top-down and from the bottom-up?
Which is the best MBA option for 3 years experienced software engineer?
Is Sundar Pichai a software engineer or a software developer?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources just by clicking a submit button in a software?
Can a software licensor withdraw a lifetime licence? What happens to the licensee’s rights?
How good would you have to be to get paid $3 million a year as a software engineer?
Where should utility/helper functions be placed in an Angular2 app?
What are the 7 wastes of software development?
How do I manage the coding/development of my idea?
Which are better in terms of salary for a fresher: product-based software companies or service-based software companies?
Which tool category provides the benefit of covering the entire software development life cycle?
Why do companies require high-quality software in business systems, industrial process control systems, and consumer products?
How do I get a job in two days at a software company with no experience? I completed graduation in 2011.
What interview questions should I expect for a software development interview?
Why are software developers more brilliant than testers?
What are some of the countries with the weakest software development skills?
What's the difference between a software engineer and a software development engineer?
How can I become a really bad software developer?
Why is there no software for GoAnimate?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
What are the biggest software failures?
How many types of agile software testing are there?
I have completed B.Com with 48% marks. Now what should I do next to get a high paying job?
Which place is better for software testing courses, Bangalore or Pune?
With the increase in automation, is the need for developers decreasing? Should I choose my career in software development or data science?
What are the job responsibilities of a junior Drupal developer?
What do you think about the increase in the number of software companies? Does it affect the software field?
Is my idea for an Engineering Consulting and Contracting firm a good idea?
Do you use reviews or trial and error to choose your business software?
What are some smart goals for a module quality software engineer?
What is the difference between normalization and joins?
How do I develop an interest in coding and developing without getting bored?
How can I get into Google as a software developer?
How can I create a combination algorithm software?
What is scalability testing in load/performance testing?
What is the usual total compensation per year for a software engineer to work at Google, in Silicon Valley, and on Wall Street?
What are some examples of software products that lost market share when the need was addressed further up the stack (i.e. in the OS, for example)?
Which field should I choose, software engineering or IT engineering?
What’s the best dashboarding platform or software out there right now?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
What are the design bugs in software?
Is a bachelor in division software engineering department of innovative information and technology the same with a bachelor in software engineering?
Recently, I joined a software firm with a healthy salary and benefits, but I now don't feel comfortable there. Should I quit or try to continue?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What is the role of a software developer in Infosys? Do they really develop or just copy-paste from Google?
What is the best software for management of my services, my regular talks with my clients and, most importantly, my reviews & progress?
How can I get a job at an American software company from Nigeria?
How do I sell my software solution to my employer and avoid conflict of interest?
How does one keep in touch with research while working as a software developer in the industry?
Is there more competition in the software engineering or statistics fields?
In which field should I specialize?
What is the best IMS software for a FMCG distribution centre?
Which company provides the good educational software?
Does the position of "software engineer" include too much coding and development, or is it all about analyzing the apps’ requirements and structure?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
Which career option is better in Canada, Computer Programmer or Software Engineer?
Which SDLC model is the most suitable for the development of a technically challenged software product?
How can I move from RBEI to Bosch Software Innovation?
Does Cognizant allow a 2-year gap in engineering for a software developer?
How can one supplement their income while working in Accenture India as a software engineer?
What can be the career growth of a C/C++ developer in IBM Datacap application development?
What is the best motivational message for software engineers?
In order to become a great software developer, should I start with algorithms or should I go into programming first?
What are the pros and cons of becoming a college dropout from a non-CS branch to learn with passion as a self-taught software engineer?
How should a software developer plan his life after 40 years of age?
What is the interview process of RBS for the software engineer position for those who already have some experience in J2EE?
What is the role of a software associate engineer in Capgemini for RDBMS?
What was the best (funniest, weirdest, biggest, etc.) software bug of the past year?
Can I implement open research papers and publish to Github while working in a company?
What are some good Canadian carrier related online discussion forums to join, for the software engineering field, as a professional?
Is it easy to get a job as a software engineer in Saudi Arabia?
How would you build something like Github Gists?
Is it true that most people working in core companies (electrical, mechanical or electronics) switch to software companies to settle their life?
What must I do to become an engineer? I have realized I don't want to be in my current major because it is not what I want to be (3 semesters in)?
How important is SQL in software testing?
What are the criteria for being proficient in C++ in the software engineering industry?
Can you be a platform agnostic software engineer?
How do I search for an internship/job opportunity available in the US for structural engineers? How do I understand the firm's software requirements?
What is the role of an RPA developer in a company?
If software development is hard, why is it hard?
What software should I learn for architecture?
How can I develop a JavaFX loan management system for a practice by modelling the system from a software engineering perspective before I start coding?
Is doing a software course from Jetking worth it?
In what kind of scenario will require you to implement test driven development?
Which software is used to design large scale outdoor banners?
Being an introvert, can one be successful in the software industry?
Is a QA role in software looked down upon, since it requires less technical skills than a developer?
What is the code base for Facebook?
Which book is best to learn design patterns, Head First Design Patterns or Gang of Four?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Why are most of the junior software developers pushed for more work for a little amount of money compared to other positions in the same industry?
What's the opportunity for placement in a software company for a mechanical engineer bachelor with knowledge of C and C++?
How do I start up a software company and how do I get projects?
When software engineers leave big technology giants in the USA like Google, MS, Amazon, and Apple, do those companies give an employment experience certificate?
What are some signs that someone should consider PM instead of classic engineering?
Recently at my company, we've turned more to outsource companies for development. I am a new developer, how can I build my skills in this environment?
Is Spotify engineering team satisfied with ReactJS?
Does a word exist for a functionality that is considered a feature by the client but is considered a bug by developers?
Is knowledge of designing softwares necessary for doing MS in motorsports?
Does Amazon use Minitab software?
How do you use math as a software engineer?
How do I go from zero to hero in the computer science or software profession?
MS in Computer Science (specialization: Data Analytics) in University of Houston or MS in software Engineering in SJSU?
Which software testing institute is best at Hyderabad and also providing placements?
How can I leverage my natural aptitude for teaching and tutoring as a software engineer?
How shall I start preparing my 7 year old sister right from her school days so that she becomes a software engineer in future?
Why do loan offering guys always ask If I am working in the software industry? How does it make a difference to them?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I know if I'm ready for a software engineering position?
What things do I need to take care of while picking a software testing company?
What is more important for a computer engineer to know? Technical concepts or coding?
Is a computer science degree that’s based heavily on theory valuable for someone who wants to become a software developer/engineer?
How do I get a girlfriend, being a software developer?
Is it normal for a licensor to request for inspection of source code?
When should one start the Firehose Project?
How accurate is the conversion from C++ to Verilog, and which software should you use?
What's a reasonable salary for a recent graduate software developer in Toronto?
How long will the software engineering position rule the tech industry, since robots are now taught to code and program?
Why do software engineers need to know algorithms?
As a software engineer, how do I fix the issue that I can solve a problem involving a billion items, but I can't handle 300 or 3 items in real life?
What resume format should a fresher use for being a software engineer?
Is Moody’s Analytics (Copal Amba) Bangalore a good company to work for as a software developer?
Which is the best degree program for BIT or software engineering?
What are my chances of getting admitted into Saarland University?
Is PMI-ACP certification useful outside software development? Are Agile methods useful for, let's say, manufacturing or services?
Does Google provide jobs only for software engineers?
What are some cool design patterns I can use with Ramda.js?
Is it possible to study automotive engineering if I have studied software engineering?
How do I startup for a freelance software developer?
What is the best/most effective outreach a corporate recruiter has approached mid level to sr. Java software engineers in the NYC area with?
What is Ransomware software and who develops them?
What is the course order for developing software?
How do I hire skilled software engineers for a startup?
Which is the best area to buy flat in Bangalore for a software engineer?
Can a BCA holder become a great software developer?
How do you implement monitoring of request latency and success rates for your microservices?
What are the differences between software engineering and ICT? I am interested in computers but can't decide what to get involved in.
What is the difference between a FP precision implementation in Hardware vs software?
Can we get the genuine job openings for software testing in India? Which website can be trusted for this?
Do software developers need a solid aerospace background in order to work at SpaceX?
Why can't I attend experience interviews as a software engineer?
What is the best career choice for a software developer having an MBA from a prestigious business school?
Does software engineering include all of web, desktop, and mobile applications development?
Which is the best software development company in Delhi?
What language should I first learn for software development? How should I carry on from there?
What is the salary of a senior software developer in Credit Suisse in Raleigh?
What is a method stub?
Why are software engineers not happy with their daily life?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a network engineer?
Can I get a master’s degree in computer science after a bachelor’s degree in software engineering?
I want to become a software developer. What languages should I learn first?
Is it possible to find a degreed software developer in Sandton, Johannesburg?
Why, in a DC machine, is a field testing method called field testing?
Are OOAD concepts used in software companies?
What are the softwares which core mechanical companies are using in 2017?
What is expected of the Yelp onsite interviews for new graduate software engineering positions which have 4 rounds of 45 minutes each?
How can I earn 10-15L rupees per month as a software engineer?
What is the scope of jobs if I study computer software from DICS and choose an arts stream?
How do I add a software license to a file?
How do I get 15 lakh package jobs in the hardware domain initially, the way software developers get them in big companies?
How much hard and what smart work should a person do to become a successful software engineer like a distinguished engineer or so?
What are the career paths for an IT engineer after 2 years of experience in development, if he/she wants to continue in IT only?
What is the nature of the work of embedded systems software engineers?
What is the difference between computer engineering, software engineering and IT engineering?
Can anybody be a software developer with coding knowledge?
What are the trends and issues with information system development?
What is the difference between the Indian development model and the western development model?
Is the process of interviews for a software engineer and a research scientist the same at Google aka Alphabet?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
How do I become Java developer from a manual tester?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be unemployed for a long time?
How do I hide my bias better when it comes to my ideas/work over others?
What is the best path in the software industry in India, other than programming?
Which software is important for an architecture student?
How can I get an offer letter from Canada for a job as a software engineer, if I am from India?
What are the best locations for me to advance as a software developer? How about emerging places?
As a year 9 13-year-old and interested in computers and technology, what should I focus on?
What are the interesting fantastic things about computers which every computer engineer should know?
What package should I accept after 2 years of experience in software testing?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore for 3 months experience?
How can I increase my package from 4.2 LPA to the range of 10-15 LPA, without learning data structure and algorithms?
What is the marketing technology stack for your IT software company?
How easily can I get a job in the software field as a fresher?
What will the effect on product-based software companies in India be if huge layoffs happen as described in some articles?
Do software engineers have a great future?
What are some techniques for testing and debugging data-handling applications?
What kind of work do software engineers in India do?
Should I choose the computer science field, the data science field, or both?
How much salary does a software test engineer earn in the initial stage in India?
What criteria do software engineers use to select a laptop?
What are the product based software companies to offer a job in performance testing?
What is the best approach to testing implicit requirements?
What do you like about the Product Engineering role at Quora?
What is the difference between software development and web development?
What do software engineers in India do to supplement their income?
What tech companies pay for employees’ part-time master’s?
What is the difference between computer software systems and theoretical computer science and data banking?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
Do you like fixing bugs?
What are the features of software engineering?
What is the application for a waterfall model?
Which technology is best for an experienced software engineer (SQL) to study and switch to, "Salesforce," "big data" or "cloud computing"?
Is there an opening in Zaloni Guwahati for software testing?
Will machine learning/AI slow the demand for software developers?
What is your daily routine as a software developer?
What should I do with my local branch once I merge to my master’s?
I developed a software for billing and stock management for medical shops. How do I sell them?
How is working as software developer with Morgan Stanley as contractor a safe career?
Are software developers the miners/workers of the 21st century?
Why do so many software engineers put machine learning into their CVs just because they know some black-box library such as TensorFlow?
What is a software cloud product you really admire and think is exceptional?
What are the best software used for developing hyper redundant robots with multiple degrees of freedom?
Where did you use singleton design pattern in your project? What is your experience with that in your projects?
What can be done to meet a development deadline without adding additional developers?
How do I learn Atlassian software and get familiar with the ecosystem systematically?
What are the things that a developer likes to see in a project/issue management app?
What is the role of a tester and developer in the software industry?
What is the CAD software that’s used by the automobile companies in Bangalore?
Can I start my career in dev ops?
As a software engineer, how often are you promoted?
What are the benefits of a software development company?
Is studying software engineering worth it compared to finding a job early on?
What are some suggestions for an average Software Engineering student who wants to work at Google?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
What is the scope for girls in software engineering?
What are the characteristics of a bad mechanical engineer?
What are some companies in India that pay a good package to embedded software developer freshers?
Do Indian software companies also work with Russian clients?
What is a possible PhD research topic/problem in the software engineering process (focus on Agile philosophy and on SCRUM specifically)?
What was the hardest computer science project you did as a CS/CPE undergrad?
Can a program run my computer on my behalf? Can it use the basic programs?
What are some good certification courses for software engineer with 1 year of experience?
As a software developer, how much of your day would you say is spent productively?
What are the top free tools for software testers?
Is signal processing knowledge needed for a software developer job?
How can anyone learn Machine Learning and Data Science from an absolute beginner and get a job in India?
What are the other jobs that software programmers can do if they lose their job due to recession or any other reason?
Is it possible to accept a pull request into a new branch?
How can I block the content from certain websites so that my elderly mother does not continue to get scammed? I prefer software for PC.
Which job/role within a company contracts a software development vendor?
What is the ideal way to import data in a software?
Can I expect a software engineering seat in SRM University’s main campus with a rank of 38604, since last year's closing rank for software engineering was 40k (in the main campus)?
Is software engineering a good choice in VIT? How is it different from CASE or IT?
Which is the best software for a beginner to learn for entering into the VFX industry?
What is the best software for end-to-end automation (for big companies)?
How hard is it to switch careers from network engineering (technical assistance team) to software development?
Is there a rule of thumb to estimate the calculations your software will require to let you decide if you need a supercomputer or not before coding?
Why do big software companies (like Microsoft or Adobe) force my native language installing software, not giving me the chance to select English?
How do I create software for VoCore2 using a Mac?
What is the qualification for software engineer?
What are the different cognitive styles best suited for software engineering vs. data science?
What skills nowadays are required for being a software engineer?
Which courses are helpful in software development?
What is the software industry like in Pakistan? How is Pakistan doing in this field, compared to India?
It has been in the news that IT jobs are being cut down. I have taken software engineering. What should I do?
Which is the best way to download cracked software?
Are new TN visas still being issued for software engineers or is all that on a stand-still now?
What is the most successful software with the fewest lines of code and what does it do?
Has OMSCS helped anyone make a career change from "run of the mill" job of software development to areas like self-driven cars, AI, robotics etc?
What does an ideal day look like for a trainee software engineer in a small company?
How do I get ideas and inspiration to make software useful for many people?
What are the basic requirements for software developer?
What will my future be like if I do an SAP course after gaining 5 years of experience? I am not from a software background. I am a core production person.
Do large companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon hire software engineering managers from overseas, just like they do for software engineers?
Is there a practical way of using R which does not require installation of software on a personal computer?
Is it a good idea to transition from a software engineer to an insurance agent?
You have 3 months to code/learn as much as possible to try and land interviews for software engineering internships in the fall. Where do you start?
What type of degree do you have to have if you want to be a software engineer?
As a software engineer, what are your tips for effective time management?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with a rank of 20k?
What would software engineering be like if everyone was a 100x engineer?
Will AI eventually cannibalize the software industry?
What's the toughest challenge for a Product Manager developing software products?
Why software industry going down?
Is it good to switch to hardware engineering from software engineering with 3 years of experience? If so, what company placements and career growth can I expect?
What tech companies in Chennai offer a minimum of 18 lakhs yearly salary for a software engineer with 4 years of experience who graduated with an MS from a top US CS school?
Does Juno have a public API?
Can I be a music producer, graphic designer, VFX artist, and software developer at the same time?
Can a manual tester become an AWS architect?
What is the most effective way for a software engineer to transition into being a product manager?
Why is there a need for a software development company?
Where can I find freelance QA Testers in Canada?
Is heightism prevalent in the software industry? (I’m 5.4" here.)
Which is good to immigrate to for a software engineer from India, Canada or Australia?
In what fields of software development do individuals have the most power?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
If one wants to become a computer developer, what are the steps to get there (from a young age like 12)?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What are some good books that explain software development process?
Where do you start in building a software dev. company?
Where can I find lists of accessible software, e.g. Section 508, etc., preferably grouped by purpose?
How do I analyze semi-rigid joints in a beam-to-beam connection using ETABS?
How do I get a software developer job in Korea?
Can I become self taught software engineer?
What is the difference between web development and e-commerce development?
What software must a site engineer know?
Is the kernel system software or application software?
Is it worth leaving law school for a degree in software development?
How can I integrate my Windows software with my CNC software?
Is there a website for the development of the scope of work?
Are there any guys who have a great physique and are working at Google as a software developer?
Which is better to study software engineering degree? ( Australia , India )
Is it possible to switch from performance testing to development?
Are there a lot of software/web developer jobs for junior devs that aren't posted on the usual job boards? Is there kind of a shadow, personal network thing?
Can I work at a place with a lot of engineers at the age of 15?
Can I study CS while majoring in something else and still have software developing skills?
Are there any platforms similar to Codementor that offer brief collaborations with software engineers mostly for mentorship?
Which will give me a better chance of becoming a product developer, being an associate engineer or a software tester?
Is it possible for a civil graduate having 2 years experience as a software engineer at Oracle to get good universities for MS abroad?
How does a screenshot work in a software perspective?
Which career would pay me more, assuming I went to an IIT: robotics, software, or physics?
How can you adopt a SAFe methodology for microservices development?
How often do software developers search Google to help fix a piece of code?
Is there any age limit to apply for a job at Google Inc., for the post of software engineer?
What is a good Windows laptop to get as a software engineer?
Which is the best choice for Engineering: SRM University (ECE, IT, SWE), Chennai (KTR), or Chandigarh University, Punjab (CSE)? I love coding.
Does Gordon Miller think a computer science degree or software engineering degree is more useful?
I'm searching for software developer job and failing consistently from 4 months, how can I land into software developer job?
Are software engineers actually engineers?
What is the hierarchy of the documents which get created in software or apps and website development projects? Name and describe those documents.
What is the best software for architecture?
How can I perform a digital electronics experiment on a laptop using software?
Are Agile methodologies suitable for charities?
Should I quit my job as a software engineer now?
In the sense of software architecture qualities, which social network/media is well designed and what qualities matter most?
What tools do I need to build a REST API?
Which regulations or ISO policies does a software development in Germany have to have?
Why are Software Engineers simply called resources in Indian IT companies?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
How do I create a culture of stop asking use case?
Where can I find an online bulletin board software to post new work orders that I can customize?
What kind of skills or tools experience do I need to get a software engineering job?
Should I become a programmer first or can I go directly to being a software engineer?
If I move to New Zealand will it be easy to find a job in software development?
Why is it essential to have the services of a software testing company?
What is some advice for a 25-year-old software developer who wants to earn more money?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
How can I write effective code?
What are the responsibilities of a software project manager?
What is a road map for an electrical engineer to become a software engineer?
How was Diane Hartley’s career effected by her contribution to NYC’s safety?
What does it mean to have experience with a Linux operating system in the job requirements for a software engineering position?
I have just passed my MBBS. I'm doing good in this field. But I'm very much attracted toward physics stuff. What should I do?
Which is the best off-the-shelf community software?
Is the Google Summer of Code really worth it? Is it over-hyped?
What are the benefits for software development for healthcare industry?
What is Digital Notice Board software?
What skills are expected from a software engineering manager with field experience of 20 years?
Is it worth it to join DIAT Pune for an MTech in Cyber Security, Software Engineering and Intelligent Systems?
Will software engineers on SQL exist in the future?
How can we avoid losing our jobs to artificial intelligence?
What should programmers know about Azure to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Is it possible to earn around 50 lakh per annum at Google India, after about 3 years of software development experience?
What is the best way to develop a small production company?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
Which company should I join after 2.5 years of experience as a Mainframe developer, Deloitte or Broardrige Financial services?
What's the day-to-day task of a software engineer specialised in Security?
Does cloud computing really need a software developer to work?
Have you ever seen someone change from a weak software developer to a Google level software developer in only 1 year?
What are your experiences with outsourcing software development, is it cost-effective?
Should I opt for Citicorp Services Pune as a software engineer or rather try for other companies?
Is our boring future going to be moving from software development to tools configuration in big companies with big projects?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
What are the new skills/areas worth learning for a .NET software developer, that has a scope for the future?
What is the best career advice for someone with 2 years of experience in software testing (manual)?
Which concepts of maths are required to be mastered to be a better software professional?
Is Oracle CPQ a good or bankable skill to learn and make a career in the current IT market for a software engineer?
How much does a mechanical engineer earn in a software company?
What is Argus software used for?
Why did you choose software testing as a career?
What kind of non-social technical jobs require less regular reading than software development and pay decently?
Is it a wise decision for a software engineer with 7 years of experience, who wants a career switch to academics, to try pursuing an MS in CS?
Software Testing: What is a traceability matrix and what are some examples?
What software skills are in demand in Canada?
Which language should I learn to speak as a software engineer which would be an advantage for me in the future?
Is Unix (or Linux) the most permanent thing in software?
How do you could teach an engineer to use a software easily through training?
What’s the difference between hardware and software implementations (ex: floating point)? Doesn’t the software eventually convert to hardware?
How could a startup make channel partners in the software industry?
Why is AUTOSAR good for suppliers that supply both hardware and software together?
Should I be a data engineer or a software engineer, if I'm interested in machine learning down the road?
How can I estimate the population of software developers in a country?
Which are the countries that offer low-cost software development in Southeast Asia?
Is it wise for a software engineer working in a top tier product company (Amazon, Google or Microsoft) to go for an MBA at one of the top IIMs, FMS, or XLRI?
Do you ever regret sacrificing so much time to become a software developer?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
How much is a freelance mobile appliance tester paid?
What is the best option for freshers in the software/IT industry as per the current growing market?
Is there any way to conduct performance analysis on software systems before implementation?
Which is more valuable, creativity or rational thinking for software development?
What are important theories a good software engineer better learn?
How can someone who is not from the IT field become a software test engineer?
What is it like to join Reliance Jio as a manager of software development with 6 years of experience?
What would be the difficulties to make software architect as a separate profession?
How many hours in average do software engineers, Developers, or coders code in a day? Do developers code 8 hours every day?
Being a manual tester with 3 years of experience, what can I do next to improve my career?
What Microsoft (MCSE or MCSD) is needed to apply for ACS if a candidate with a science educational background is working as a software engineer (testing)?
Do engineers at Google and Facebook write test plans? What is some advice on writing test plans and the tracking tools involved?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
I have a software engineering internship this summer. Does anyone have any helpful tips that I should know before starting?
If you are a software engineer and you are willing to move anywhere in the world to start a family, where would you go?
What are the designations available in Bank of America Continuum? In how many years can a person become a senior software engineer?
Is it easy to find a good software development job in Sydney?
What are some simple software products you know?
What's the difference between a DevOps engineer and a back-end developer? If so, what are their roles and what should one have studied?
What is the trending software-related job for a BTech electronics & communication student in India?
Which is the best site for learning software testing?
Are you fed up with the "what’s wrong with Indian engineering" question when we engineers know we are hard working and want to do something?
In Scratch, how do I make a script/block that will create a variable or a list?
Is it more beneficial to be a mechanical engineer who knows code or a software engineer who wants to dabble in mechanics?
Which company is the best for a software developer engineer?
What will be the effect on product based software companies in India if huge lay-offs happen, as described in some articles?
What are the best techniques ever used in industry for software testing?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
What is the sequence of succession in the STLC (software testing life cycle)?
How should I choose between Xamarin and Scala?
What is the best way to obtain a value on jet aircraft parts? Is there software for this, or is it best to just get on the horn and call around?
Should I start my career as a data scientist at a startup or as an SDE at an MNC?
I have experience in SQL database technical support. I want to switch my profile to software testing. What should I do?
What is the hourly rate for a software engineer?
What new innovations should mechanical engineering software definitely have?
Which is a better, a master’s in software engineering or a master’s in MIS?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a software engineering degree?
What's the difference between a developer, programmer, and software engineer?
What kind of development takes place in the zygote in organisms with a diplonitic and a haplo-diplonitic life cycle?
What's the best industrial development product?
Do software engineer internship interviews test you on system design and scalability?
What is system software along with an example that can help users?
How do I spend my time while looking for software development job?
How do I get companies to interview me for a software test engineer job? I am on an L2 visa with a validity of 10 months, which will be extended soon.
What kind of things should we consider during project milestone creation?
What can you do as a 29 year old software engineer, if you feel you don't have enough time to learn?
Who is a senior software engineer? At what point do you know you are a senior software engineer? Are there really any checklists?
Does a computer engineering major have the necessary education to work as a software developer?
What software engineering project can I do in 10-15 days to make my resume look better for campus placements?
I am looking for a real life example of DevOps? What shall I be doing as a DevOps engineer at my desk?
How can I join the military engineer services after my graduation in electrical engineering?
What new software is needed for the Indian market?
What is the salary for a fresher software tester or developer in the US?
Is there any one who resigned from a software job without any valid reason and got a job again after a year gap?
What are your recommendations on how to onboard DevOps engineers?
Can I get software engineering in the SRM main campus with a rank of 31k?
How do you deal with failed projects as a software developer?
Customers frequently don't understand the effort required to build software solutions, particularly when it is an integration project, or something where there is not a UI. How do you manage their expectations?
How do I improve in software development if I'm very good in competitive programming?
How did you learn the last/current software product in your project?
If an application uses NLP to analyze user text, and then to return images accordingly, would this use of NLP fall into the AI category?
Do I need MATLAB if I am a software engineer?
What is the software engineer job market like in Portland, OR?
What kind of software applications should I develop in advanced Java to get a job in Amazon?
What mistakes should be avoided while writing a resume intended for a fresher job application in software MNCs?
Is it worth it to go to Austria from India, on a red-white-red visa? I have 2 years of experience as a software developer.
What is the salary of a software engineers once he has done an MS?
When should a software engineer switch jobs?
Why doesn't an audio player have any trouble when playing audio directly from an interleaved video file?
How can I learn embedded software?
How can I find out my chances of getting accepted into Penn State World Campus’ software engineering program?
What is the value of a solutions architect/pre-sales consultant/enterprise architect and a customer success manager at a software company?
What benefits are included in relocation benefits for a fresher at an Indian software firm?
What is The Economist's technology stack, and how many software developers do they have?
Is there a software to control an iPhone from a Macbook or Windows PC? I am not looking for software to mirror the screen but to actually control it?
What is better: technology developer or project owner?
If you were given a year to build any software system you want, what would you build?
Is it harder to become a doctor that earns 300K or a software engineers that earns 300K, considering I am equally good at both fields?
Is the Rotoshop software expensive to use?
If I want to create my own software, videogames, and robotic systems in the future and sell them, do I have to become a CEO?
What frameworks or environments are in the highest demand for app development?
What is the best software development book you read in 2016?
What is the best company for solid work software to do a job?
Which platform is better for a career, software testing or SAP BW?
Is software engineering dying? Should it be called IT engineering?
What can I build with IoT and Android right now?
How do I become a senior software engineer as fast as possible?
Which Math applications do software programmers confront daily in their jobs?
What do you think of Aress Software?
What is meant by floating licence in a software product?
Can I buy an Audi by working for a software firm?
How do programmers without a basic IT education flourish in the world of software?
What is UML its tools and types?
What are some of the Google's top open source​ projects​ where we can contribute​?
How do neon testers work?
I want to be a software developer, should I start with CS50 or a coding bootcamp?
How do I scroll ViewPager when placed in a NestedScrollView in an Android activity?
What does base fork, base, head fork and compare mean when creating a pull request in GitHub?
What is the daily job of the software developer?
What should the resume headline be for a manual tester?
What are some project management software / apps designed for apparel product development?
How can I get the employee list of a software company?
Where can I find a full-time testing job or testing tutoring from home? I am a software tester with around 7 years of experience.
How can I find a paid internship in the USA? I am currently pursuing an MS in software engineering in Germany.
Do software patents help or hinder the development of the associated art?
Will average salaries decline for software developers in India in the next decade?
What are some cool applications/software you should know?
Are there any coding classes this summer that are 3 weeks or so and are for introductory software development for an 18-year-old headed to engineering school?
Is it better to go back to India after completing masters in software engineering from Australia?
What is software automation and how it can affect a hard core coder?
Is there an object-oriented design pattern tutorial on the web which implements design patterns on practical real-life use cases as opposed to toy classes like "Animal", "Shape", etc.?
What are the best resources to prepare for this specific software engineering interview?
Can I become a software engineer by choosing electronics?
Should a data scientist be able to produce software?
What is the future of a computer science bachelor degree holder? And are they better than software engineers?
Are there any software companies in Kerala?
Do you know about some major QA testing events happening in South Korea?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Which are the companies where software engineers used to fly 4-6 countries in a year, for company work and by company expenses?
How is the paper test for a Works Applications software designer post?
Is there any way to search text within screenshots?
Is the A4/software engineer in Capgemini a support job or not?
What does it feel like to be a dump software developer?
Is mathematics necessary if I want to do a computer software course and get a job in the future?
What are the software programs that an MBA student must learn to have a corporate future?
Who carried out the world's largest hacking attack on 12 May 2017?
Which country should one choose in order to do a bachelor’s in software engineering, and at which university?
What kind of job should a software engineer do after 45?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Is it true that only software engineers with algorithms and data structures earn way more than other domains?
Is most technical feedback about a product from users who don't work at the company useless?
What is difference between software engineering, computer engineering and information technology engineering and which one is the best?
What is L-citrulline?
According to salary, which engineering is better for me, IT or software?
Can anyone give me the software, FUN3D Version 13.x ,which is created by NASA?
How is data stored and retrieved on a disk?
Are there jobs in Yekaterinburg for developers?
How do I make it to the Big Four as a software developer?
How has the experience of switching from an IT services company to a start up company been for you?
What higher education options would help me to propel my career provided I have 10 years of software development experience with a bachelor’s degree?
Is it good to learn workflow/BPM tools for a developer/coder with 5+ years of experience?
What could convince me to go for software and systems engineering rather than electronics engineering for a master’s study?
What would be an equivalent salary in Vancouver for a software consulting manager who is making $130k in Minneapolis?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
Where can I find a short introduction to Python for someone who has experience with C/C++?
How can I go from being a software engineer to being an Android developer?
Which blogs should I follow on Medium as a software engineer?
How can I be a senior software engineer in Google?
What skills do I need to develop if I plan to switch as a technical sales engineer from a process engineer?
Quincy Larson: what's one book you recommend to fill the gap between CS and coding bootcamps?
Can I get a software developer job in Bangalore with 3 months of experience in the same field?
I am a software developer at Amazon. I have a start-up idea. How can I proceed forward for funding, team building, and other stuff?
How much does SystemVue software cost?
Is it worth to get a Master’s degree in software engineering from Kennesaw State University?
Have you ever been impressed by a fresh graduate software engineer in a technical interview?
How do I generate reports using a school system software?
What are some alternative career paths for mid-level software employees, specifically in India?
Is a 6 lakh per annum CTC good enough for a web developer with five years of experience to live in Mumbai?
What is the difference between CSE, IT and software engineering at SRM in terms of placement, coding environment, etc.? Which campus should I choose?
What rank in the JEE Mains should you have for going into software engineering?
What is the salary for a software engineer in Bangalore?
Can a software developer having 6 months of experience apply for SBI SO or IBPS SO?
What is the future scope of being a software engineer in the IT sector?
What if Oracle software acquired Yahoo! or Opera software?
How is the Edulastic software used?
Why do we need the IoT visualization software?
Will the Indian software industry hire a 50-year-old software engineer if he happens to start his career at that time?
Which DevOps tool is best for the future?
I am a software engineer with 2 years of work experience, and I will be joining a tier-2 B school this year. What can I do in the next 2 months to improve my profile?
What is the meaning of "MS office cracked software"? How can I use it safely on my PC today?
Can I apply for internships based on my studies at the Harvard Extension School (graduate certificate in software engineering)?
What are the biggest demands in the Silicon Valley job market of software engineers?
How do you assess the maturity of a software engineering team?
This is an era of computer, social networking and modern tools utilization, a part from the softwares how can we (civil engineers) be at par with this?
What are some common applications for software distribution files?
Can I do software engineering after 12th commerce with computer science?
What are examples of software engineers overcomplicating things?
How healthy are the software engineers of India?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
How is good for mecanical engineer to work in porcurment?
How are my chances of moving from Technical support into Development in NTT Data?
How is the security of a software evaluated?
Which company will be better to join as a software engineer - Intuit or GE Digitals?
How is the MS research course in CS/software engineering at IIIT Bangalore?
If you are a software developer in your mid 20s, are you afraid of getting old and losing your job?
Should I pursue an MS in computer science after having 6 years of experience as a software engineer?
How can you manage engineering complexity when designing a/b diversion points?
What are some good methods to evaluate the need for a legacy software application in an organization?
Would a network engineer or a software engineer make more money?
Which effects does wireframing have on the development team?
What are the prerequisites to become a software tester?
What is the best way to find a job as a software engineer in Bay Area?
Which has the best scope, an e-learning developer or a software programmer?
How do I find a software engineer job in Ecuador?
Which report writing software does your company use?
Is working at Google or Facebook as a software engineer better than college life?
Alan Kay, how have engineers you respect implemented your advice to build their own hardware and software?
Does a software engineer become a sadist after marriage?
When should dev teams start investing in speed?
How does Bukalapak engineering code review process looks like?
Is there a good software engineer who doesn't know Java?
Does not having a software development job affect your job prospects in the Bay Area?
What is future of a non-technical manager in an IT company? Is there a slow death of people managers in IT?
Where can we get the best quality QA test cases?
Does Salesforce India offer opportunities to software engineers to join the US office through internal mobility or internal job postings?
How should I respond to a manager who says "software developers do not need to analyze that much, so you should be an analyst"?
Is not statistics relatively easier than computer programming?
Can a tourist work as a software engineer in the US?
How hard is it to reach six digit income in software industries as a fresher?
How can an on-the-spot slow thinker (when speaking in person/voice communication) become a manager or a lead software engineer?
What makes podcast software Engineering Daily so successful with ads in your view?
Is Avenue IT Software a genuine company in Hyderabad?
I am trying to be a software developer. Should I learn R?
Can an undergraduate in mobile app development do his postgraduate studies in software development?
How do I start an embedded software career? How can I start my study and practice to achieve it?
How does it feel being a programmer at id Software?
What are the advantages of software development company?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
How do I change jobs, from a software engineer to a flight attendant?
What software is better to get into an automobile company other than CATIA or SOLIDWORKS?
Which subjects do I need to master if I want to join Google for the role of software engineer?
What is the best software for Student Alumni relations?
Why do Nigerian tech entrepreneurs not care much about writing detailed software architecture designs of their solutions prior to building their startup?
Which profile is good for a computer science student as a fresher, a white box tester in Adobe or a software developer in a US-based startup company?
How are the job openings in the software field for F1 students nowadays?
Is it normal for software companies to regularly have trainings for their engineers in the latest frameworks and tools?
What is the difference between internships and new grad position in Software Engineering?
Are we living in a golden age for software engineer compensation?
What problems can be solved with software solultions in the Philippines?
Would working as a software engineer help me in MBA?
How do I manage pull requests or code review requests with AWS CodeCommit?
Why I am I stressed to work as software engineer?
What's a typical day in the life of a rockstar developer?
Is it common to provide briefing documents to junior software developers for a task? If so, what would you include in a typical one?
What is the best software tool to work with USRP for vehicular environment?
If I need free help for creating software, where should I look/go?
Would it be a problem if I spend a whole night to learn new stuff and work on software projects instead of taking care of my 2 month old daughter?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
What are my options in Switzerland as a software engineer?
How many employees will I need to start a software company/firm?
What is the best planogram (POG) software?
What skills should a software developer acquire in order to avoid getting laid off?
How can a software restrict your computer from accessing other things?
Will studying IT help you get a job at a high-tech software company (including the gaming industry)?
What is meant by stub testing?
In software which language is preferred to learn?
How can I become a kernel overlord?
Do developers who are good at algorithms and DS earn more?
How can I join the SAIT division? I am currently placed as software engineer in SRI, Bangalore starting in July.
Why is software complex to build?
In software shops, what tough questions did you face when working with clients, and how did you respond?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Australia?
What is a good low level project idea?
Which is the best software for system cleaner and performance booster?
How do I relocate to Canada, Europe, or New Zealand? I am a software engineer with 4 years of experience as a .NET developer. I neither have a visa nor any offer from there.
Who are implementation consultants in a software company/project? What is their job role?
How can I make software like Jarvis?
What programming language should I learn as a QA engineer?
What happens when you are placed in cognizant as a software developer?
What is it like to work as a COBOL developer? Is the work as interesting as working in traditional software companies?
How do I set up McAfee software?
What is the most needed software technology in software companies in Hyderabad among Java, Android and Ruby on Rails?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
How do I find out what software companies use?
What is Sentry Software used for?
I work as a developer in an IT company. I don't have any backup if I lose my job. What should I do?
Is there a way to make a backup of my system software’s (Windows 10) and get all of the software’s back on a fresh OS installation?
Why do interviewers for software test engineering positions expect that a test engineer has a preferred operating system?
As a software developer, do you fear that keeping your job will be more and more difficult as more people want to become developers?
What is the best way to find good software testing services?
Why do many engineers switch out of engineering after a few years?
What are some ways to advertise a startup offering lessons in software especially to people interested in the tech industry?
What advice do you think is important for software designers in 2017?
How do I become a smart software engineer if I am currently a stupid one?
What is the worst case scenario if somebody hacked all of the internet time servers?
How do you ensure distributed services/systems processing of a single request completes?
Will getting a certificate in computer science help me land a job as a web developer and/or as a software engineer?
What skills are required to be a good/great software engineer?
What plays the role of interface between software and hardware?
Should I call myself a developer since I started it 1 year ago?
Why is there so much bikeshedding within the JavaScript community?
How many types of software are there?
If you have only two average software developers, how do you scale a back-end to handle over 5 million in traffic?
I suddenly hate programming but I can't get any job other than software development, what should I do?
Is there a master’s degree in software testing?
What proportion of their time do great software engineering managers spend working in the team, versus on the team, versus around the team?
What skills would justify a promotion from mid- to senior-level for a DevOps engineer?
What is the use of the codes the one software engineers write? Explain in layman’s language.
Which type of posts can be used in social media for promoting a software development company?
What is the best HR software?
How can I get in touch with Java developers who are currently working in the software industry?
What is the scope of software testing for ECE students in India?
How do I implement progressive image loading?
What will the future of the software testing industry be considering automation and cloud computing?
How is SLK software for freshers?
How would you guess whether an application is more CPU or GPU heavy?
Is it possible to sync a forked project to the upstream source project, through the GitHub web console?
Is startup acquisition a long-term and better subfield in the software industry than software development is?
If I apply to a tech company in another state, what's the interview process?
Is it a good idea to move away from the California Bay Area to live in London if I work in the software industry?
What are the different types of engineering and what do they do?
What are MBA options for a software engineer?
As a student without experience, but with the knowledge in software development, how can I start a huge software development project?
How does Airbnb's Airflow compare to Spotify’s Luigi?
Is there a way to connect stripe to intercom?
Which countries are best for computer software education?
There are a million brilliant minds in India, and we cannot develop our own search engine as popular as Google and software similar to Microsoft. Why?
What is the best place to find market rate compensation rates and standard benefits for developers roles?
What certified methodologies should I learn to apply for software testing?
Why do software engineers/developers insist on working extra hours with no additional pay?
What is the best vendor rating software?
What will my salary be in Canada after completing a software engineering qualification and MBA there?
Do software developers at their mid 20s need to worry about ageism in Silicon Valley when they are getting old?
How much do Indian software testing engineers get paid onsite in the US?
Can software developers get the ISTQB certification?
Is anyone looking for software testing?
What laptop should I buy with an i5/i7 processor and replace with SSD (should​ have an m.2 slot) in India below Rs. 50k?
What's it like to be a software engineer at Starbucks?
Can a polycystic and diabetic woman work as software engineer?
How can a guy with over 10 years of software experience with minimal technical and management exposure survive in the IT industry?
What is the future of chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What are the things I have to know to use SpeedFan software?
What salary should I expect as a senior software engineer in Barcelona, Spain?
What are my prospects if I undertake software engineering as a career?
What is fundamental engineer?
What (formal) effort estimation techniques are commonly used in software development projects these days?
How can you create a decision table?
How come applications like WhatsApp and Telegram don't run out of online storage with their huge amounts of traffic daily?
Would it be useful to develop a standardized test to evaluate competency in core coding skills?
Why shouldn't we depend on order of test execution?
How many consultancies are there in Bangalore for software?
What happens when a push request is submitted after conflicting commits have been accepted to the source project?
In what kind of software developer job does intelligence have the least impact on job performance?
What is your experience working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
How did companies like Google, Facebook, WhatsApp, Skype or Instagram manage the QA process with a small engineering team as early stage startups?
Is there a web developer software that allows you to visually see your code as you write it?
What are the current software engineering trends?
Which colleges are good for an MSc in software engineering (five-year integrated course) in Tamil Nadu?
Are tech networking meetups a good place to get connected to entry-level jobs?
How's the job outlook for new software engineers in 5 to 10 years?
Is it good to join BMC Software, Pune as a product developer (R&D) with 4 years of experience?
Why there are no positions for manual QA engineers any more?
How do you learn math for software engineering?
How do I prepare for a senior application developer interview at Thoughtworks?
What are some cool things software engineers do to their homes?
Is pair programming useful for software startups?
Is becoming a BI developer/engineer a lucrative career move?
Can a software developer in India add a previous unpaid internship to their current experience while applying for jobs in Naukri? Is it legal?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
If any company is looking for online exam software. What are the parameters they should look for?
What are the possibilities for an MTech post graduate from electrical engineering to start a career in software testing if their age is 28 years old?
How can I develop an app that shows which persons you have crossed?
What is the most complex software you have built?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
Which is the best software company in Hubli?
What is the most popular simulation software's for telecommunication?
How many modules should I develop for my hospital management application software?
What is the cheapest software company you have ever seen?
What post will a service engineer get after 5 years of experience?
Should I choose software engineering or computer science?
How can you buy an old IBM software product?
What is iOS software engineering?
Which are few recruiting agencies in Bay Area that hire software developers?
What are the prospects for software testers in Saskatchewan?
Is the best path to becoming a data scientist to focus on becoming a software engineer first (for someone with no statistics or programming background)?
How does one transition to the business side, after spending 20 years as a software engineer?
What is the best university for studying software engineering in Europe?
How do I manage hand arthritis, being a software engineer?
What is the difference between System Life Cycle and System Development methodology?
How do micro-services scale on the AWS Elasticbeanstalk platform?
Is there a software application for solving propositional logic problems?
How can I develop employee management software using VB.NET 10 and MS Access 2007?
How do I integrate WebRTC with VR?
What software/tools do you recommend for non-software Product Management?
Which institute should I join for software testing, SEED or MindScript?
How do I make it to Silicon Valley as a future software developer?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
What are the programming software an ECE engineer should learn in order to get a good package?
What are some of the best ways a software engineer can prepare self for a new Entrepreneurial role?
As a software developer, how does it feel to be suddenly fired?
What's the difference between Docker Swarm, Docker Compose and Docker Networks?
What do you look for in a PMS software if you rent apartments, villas, rooms, etc.? What does the software need to have, and what can you live without?
Which are the top province in Canada for software testing jobs?
Do you know of any software company that does scientific computing in India?
What should I learn in BS? Software Engineering or Computer Science?
What features do build servers need to support building infrastructure, on top of continuous integration of building software?
How is Facebook able to not let the technology scanner softwares to detect the technologies it is using?
How does one show leadership on a software team?
Who is an ideal demographic client for a software development company?
What do I need to learn to become a DevOps engineer?
How would software developers like to find their next jobs?
Is it easy to change jobs from being an IT consultant to being a software developer?
What should I do to make a career in software development?
How should I prepare for a Skype interview for a “Junior Development Operations Engineer: Cloud Management Platform” at SAP Germany? What should be my focus? 3 experienced (15-20 years) people will be taking my interview. Should I prepare for a programming test?
If Gilfoyle was a real person, what would his skill set be?
Would you say programming is easier in modern times?
Which are the software industries in Bangladesh that mostly work with Javascipt technologies?
How can a software engineer manage his salary, if he gets 6 LPA in Pune?
What are some of the interesting topics in the research field of computer science for a student taking his master’s degree to choose from?
Which software companies in Indore give the best package to freshers for software testing?
How do below average software developers survive in the industry?
What are all options of career growth available for software test engineers?
How would the future be for a tester in Salesforce?
What are the must have skills for a programmer in 2017?
What IQ do you need to have to work for a big tech company as a software developer?
When testing your code, have you ever encountered a bug that wasn't your fault?
Is it possible to land a machine learning engineer job without a college degree?
How should I do in college to be a good software engineer?
Have you ever been rejected for a software engineer role even though you have a good portfolio?
What is the idea of sharing news or website posts on Facebook with an instant power sign? Is that so that they can get loaded automatically and read instantly?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
Is a software developer who produces a buggy, hard to follow code quickly to meet deadlines a good developer?
How common is it for a workplace to use the Joel Test?
Is anyone interested in joining the Google I/O extended event in Lucknow for software developers (experts and students)? https://goo.gl/mb3XXg
Bloomberg or Google NYC: which is the better place for a software engineer to work in NYC?
How is it for a mechanical engineer to work in the software field?
How do I crack the CorelDraw Serial Key software?
What is the maximum salary of Google India software developer from fresher to 10 years of experience?
I work as a S/W intern and am interested in S/W development. I have an operations engineer offer but I am also in talks with tier 1 S/W companies. What should I do?
What are the characteristics of software testing services?
Is it a wise choice for a manual tester to take up a production support job?
What are the best sources to keep updated about software engineer news?
How do you learn what good architecture is? As a junior software developer, I have trouble with this when starting a new project.
Can you explain "A unit test that touches the file system is not a unit test"?
Does test-driven development slow down software development?
What group should I take on the 11th to become a software engineer?
Can you suggest a good software development project to put in my resume?
What is the key thing to learn in social engineering?
How is Paytm so fast in spite of handling millions of customers from the software point of view?
Which non-IT professional should I choose after a 6 year career in QA for software?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
What are the top richest software companies of 2017?
What is your advice for a software developer who learnt how to code and build projects, but did not build projects to get a job?
Why should I study science math to become a software engineer?
What is the bond period with Newgen Software Technologies for a fresher in Mumbai?
What do I need to do to become a software engineer?
Why do Google software engineers look like God compared to normal developers?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
How many hours does it take you to read through a technical or mathematical book?
How will software engineers engineer an OS after 100 years?
How can augmented reality be useful in the travel industry?
Should I opt for a management quota seat at MPSTME CSE for 15 lakhs or RVCE ISE for 30 lakhs?
Why don't the 150 countries and the owners of 300,000 machines put a stop to hackers requiring ransom payments, by buying security software that works?
Which career option has better future - Android applicant development or C++ coding and software development?
Will there be too many software engineers?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Teradata ?
Is beginning a career with a job where you are adding features to a deployed Windows form application, a good idea?
Is there any dream company for civil engineers like Google for software people?
What should I do when a code-reviewer laughs and swears at my code?
What will the best project topic be on software that I can use to make attractive and useful software?
Is it possible to re-start a career in IT at age 46? I have a MS in software engineering but worked in management and only have a year of coding.
What do performance testers do? Do performance testers get an opportunity to write any code?
What are futures and promises in computer science?
How would you handle a scenario where there is a conflict in design approach between two engineers?
Will I get software engineering in SRM with 111 marks?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
Can an electrical engineering student survive in software industry without knowing all CSE subject?
Why am I not able to learn software technologies?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
Is it possible to switch internally in Samsung R&D, from a white box tester to a software developer profile?
In the software industry, how important is the role of a technical product manager? Is this role still relevant and does it have scope?
Should I leave my developer job that mostly consists of maintaining and fixing very ugly code written by absolute beginners? More in details.
Does bearing design software exists?
What topics do I need to be perfect for getting a job as an entry level software developer or Java developer?
Does performance in a placement interview affect the software engineer after getting selected in any way?
Can I get into MEng software engineering at the University of Manchester with AAB or A*AB for a level?
What is the difference between an application developer and a software dev? Is it possible for an application​ developer to work at a product-based company?
How do I select the right software testing company?
What are some things that are not taught in college but are useful to a software engineer?
Why should I choose software testing in place of electrical testing?
Has anyone graduated with a second bachelor’s degree in software development and security from UMUC? What are some tips on how to ace each subject?
As a career, which platform is best: SAP BW or software testing?
Do developers feel discomfort and pressure when someone reviews their code?
Is anyone interested in a workplace-based programme making you job-ready for the New Zealand Software development market?
How hard is it to get the job in TCS US as a software engineer?
What are the best-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
What are some good tricks to identify dead code?
How can I earn 12lakh per annum as a software engineer with 3.5lakh as my present salary, with 4 years of experience?
What is a good software engineer’s, e.g working at Google, etc. usual net worth by the age of 55?
How do I launch software product as a teen?
What is your advice for software project manager, having an MS in Technology background? Especially for those who are looking for change but are facing difficulties.
If a computer breaks down, what happens to the software in it?
What JavaScript framework do German software developers approve of?
Which one is better, a site reliability engineer or a system architect in big data?
How can I prepare for an interview for business analysis in a software company?
I have learnt C++, Data Structures and Algorithms. What should I do next to become a software developer?
Why do we disproportionately compensate software developers, when high-level language coding is no more special or rare than design or research?
What is the difference between Schlumberger's ECLIPSE and OMEGA software?
Would you still hire a software developer if he/she is weak at algorithms but have successful track records of production level development?
Is any software engineer working in a completely different industry, and if so, why?
What are some career options after gaining two years’ experience as a software developer?
How difficult is it to change your profile from Manual Tester to Java Developer in Cognizant? What's the procedure?
How do I become a software engineer with a civil engineering degree?
Why are HTTPS requests not cacheable but HTTP can be?
To work as a low-level software developer (e.g. writing device drivers), is it better to study Electrical Engineering or Computer Science?
How can I apply design patterns to the real scenario?
How do I switch to a more promising role within IT after 4.5 years in software testing?
What are different approaches for doing Object-Oriented Analysis and Design?
How can a software developer join the cybersecurity field as a developer?
What set up do you use as a software developer?
How to be a good real software testing engineer?
How can I start a career as a software engineer when I have no degree and experience in this field?
How does one ensure that in test-driven development, no code is written before a failing test is run?
What Math software is the most accurate to work on problem solutions using GPU/CUDA?
What should I do when I feel low in engineering life?
What are my chances of finding a part-time programming job while getting a master's?
Does it make sense to go back to school for a BS in software engineering?
To what extent does solving problems in competitive programming look like solving real life problems in software engineering and development position?
When a developer deploys a code into a server, then how does the tester test it?
How can a software/web developer make money while in a new city for a few months?
Are IT companies trying to terminate the testers?
What is the difference between interface testing and GUI testing?
What is your opinion on working with Americans in the software industry for large enterprises?
Which tests should I take to get a full funded scholarship from the US in software engineering? What volunteer works should I do? I am from Afghanistan.
What are some workflows for test-driven development of RESTful API server apps?
How do you pronounce Vi?
What is the salary for a full-stack software engineer at Google?
Is it worth it to switch to Salesforce development after 8 years and 6 months of experience in software testing/test automation/QA?
What other software packages can be connected within the EMR system?
How relevant are programming languages for me if I don't want to be a coder or a software developer? I am a business student.
How do I sustain a software job in automation and digital?
What companies in India offer software engineering jobs that involve traveling abroad?
Why is it important to invest in software testing services?
Can an Indian software test analyst with 7 years of experience working in the UK find a job in Ireland?
What is the best option after Civil Engineering if you are not placed from college?
What are good habits of a software engineer?
What is the best software for knowing the world?
What are some of the costs incurred when developing software?
Is a specialisation in HCI a good option for a software engineer?
Once I learn to code, will I be able to start a small freelance or software company over time?
How do I start my carrier as software developer?
What are the checkpoints before selecting software development outsourcing?
What processes strengthen for developers?
Currently I am working as Qa engineer but I want to change my career and be a software developer.How should I proceed to achieve this?
What is a method to grow as a manual tester?
Is there a company to certify software architecture?
How can a software engineer tap into AI/DL sector?
What is the process to get into any PSU as a software engineer having 3+ years of experience?
What types of projects can a freelancer software developer develop?
Why does Python cover so many software development areas?
Has anyone been called to attend the bootcamp after a 30 minute interview with Planit for software testing (Hyderabad, India)?
What are the government exams/jobs available for software engineers?
Who gets the higher pay: a diploma engineer or a PUC engineer?
Is the work of Texas Instruments’ embedded engineers more about hardware or software?
Why are there so many people learning software development?
How do I change the language of a software program?
How much will competitive programming benefit my software engineering career?
What are the different phases of the Unified software Development Process?
Which software companies do not care about academic records?
Which company is a better career progression and more satisfying job for a software graduate in the UK: Morgan Stanley or a small-medium software company?
What are the key considerations before selecting a software development company?
What CIE A level subjects should one take to pursue economics, business, computer science and software engineering in a university?
Besides software development, what reasonably paid lines of work rely on a lot of self-taught individuals?
Are PHP developers software engineers?
What are good software Companies in India which are not very popular?
How do you approach upper level management if you have developed a piece of software for your company?
Which is the best chemical engg. software that has a good future scope?
How often do you find yourself ignoring functionality confirmation, when developing software?
What could be a great topic for a software development meet-up?
Our software development company in the US, with around 60 people, is looking for a performance management system. What are some good online software options?
I have an offer from Tesla. What should I expect after I join as a software engineer, in terms of ramp-up time, layoffs, etc., and how is the work culture?
What could be the best service feature a software development agency can give its client?
What if someone as a fresher doesn't get a software developer job offer at an MNC but is getting a comparatively good salary at a startup paying less?
Why do engineering titles such as "Senior" or "Principal" exist at software companies?
What are some simple hacks that every software engineer should know?
Can network security engineers or network engineers earn 50 lpa after 5 years of their starting their careers as software engineers?
Is software engineering a good career over a long period of time?
Being a software release engineer, what are the skills required to equip myself for future growth?
Should I wear jeans to a software engineer interview?
How is software all about abstractions?
Can we do both computer software and hardware engeeniering at the same time?
How do you start in cyber security?
How does QA help you to release your software faster?
What are the do's and don’ts for startups in the software field?
Is a BSc is required to get a good job as a software developer?
What is the most coolest engineering field in your opinion and why?
What are the basic requirements of a multi school software solution?
Should I feel embarrassed if a junior software developer knows something better than I do in programming?
What is the best software company in Indore?
How is manufacturing engineering software made for such an specific industry?
Which is better, software engineering at Google in the US or being an IAS officer in India?
What does it feel like to have a cocky young developer below 30 as a team lead?
How is the life of a mechanical engineer different from that of a software engineer?
What is the role of a product engineer at an EDA company?
Are QA roles considered inferior to other roles in IT because it's just about evaluating other's work?
How did things go for independent developers who have open sourced your software?
What is the best software for developing games?
What are the processes VAPT testing companies follow?
Is it mandatory to do MS to grow in software industry?
What jobs are not easily replaceable in the software development industry?
How can I become a software engineer?
I’m enrolled in a code school through my company. What are some good litmus tests to help me decide if transitioning to a career in software engineering is a good choice?
Which type of software minor projects will develop for learning?
Which one should I pursue at the university, software engineering or agriculture?
Is there anyone familiar with Life Cycle Assessment software such as GREET?
What is the average salary of a software development manager at Amazon in Seattle?
Did Mark Zuckerberg really need the 1B to invent/make Facebook, or could he have done it with, say, £1000?
How would you describe the life cycle of software and how development is done to a non-technical person?
Can I get a software developer in Hyderabad with a zeal to do big without asking for money immediately?
How do I change my career from IT to software?
How can I transform from a quality analyst (QA) to a software development engineer in testing (SDET)?
Are large projects a huge risk for software architects? Do they benefit their careers in the long run if they succeed or fail due to business reasons?
What is the best software for a domain shop?
Is it possible for a developer to be excellent in many platforms?
Which is a better company amongst 'ThoughtWorks', 'Qualys', 'SAS', 'NetCracker' to join as a software engineer?
How can software packages be acquired?
Is there any piece of software that can post my extra tickets to various social sites?
Why would a software developer not be developing apps for their own company?
Do software engineers in SDIM (System Delivery and Incident Management) get paid more than developers do?
Is there any software integration like Lumion but with better rendering quality?
How do you set up Mac administrator and user/developer accounts?
What is the Agile manifesto? What are 4 key points in it?
What should I do if my part time job affects my studies?
What are some idea for a SMART system for a senior college project?
What is it like to write software, actual real software, in real time?
What are the skills that a software developer trainee needs to know?
How do I better design a software system architecture?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their knowledge?
Where is a good place to search or post jobs for software engineers?
Which is the best field for an engineer to switch to from software testing, besides development?
How can someone be an excellent developer while dealing with the pressures of university?
What are some cases in which test driven development does not work?
As a product manager, what are other software development methods besides Agile that are still relevant in the workforce?
Have you moved from software testing to Salesforce development?
What is the best software to design a watch from scratch?
What are the additional skills that can be developed for a good career in a software field?
Which would be better for a fresher, becoming a software developer at ZOHO Corporation or a software developer at OpenText Technologies?
I have a software idea to make healthcare clinics better. Where should I start?
What is performance evaluation based on individual projects for software professionals? Should they feel evaluated and appreciated after each project?
Which company makes software?
What might be the first salary of a software engineer?
Where can I get the HN-NonLin V1.1 software? It is a free software program, but I am not able to find it.
Should I appear for IELTS again, or try for an Australian 189 visa?
What does the software engineering and development market need nowadays according to databases knowledge and skills, and how to learn this fast?
Will people lose their jobs in IT companies due to automation in software?
Going to work as a first time entry level web-developer (front-end) that collaborates with the back-end team. How do I know I am ready for this job?
Which industry is least likely to lay software engineer employees off in an economic downturn - consumer electronics, devices, or financial services?
I’m a software developer who has jumped companies almost every year. How do I make my career path in the future?
Are there relatively few software positions at SpaceX?
What is the SRMJEE mark required for the software engineering course in 2017 (Kattankulathur)?
When is the best time to apply for a job at Google India for the position of software engineer?
What are some good project ideas for a software development project for the last year?
As a software engineer, what is the software that I have to learn to help me to get a good job?
Do software engineers ever regret their profession?
What do you think about engineering and life as an engineer?
What is the best 3D software for architects?
Can you help me answer this interview question- “How will you hire 50 software engineers in 6 months?”
As a developer, is it true that I shouldn't fear being unemployed when getting old, if I can keep my passion and work hard in software development?
What is the origin of the term to "port" software?
Can a mathematician work as a software developer?
Can I become a software engineer by studying physics in a university?
What are the most in-demand projects and skills for a freelance software engineer?
Can I work independently after becoming a software developer?
What branch should I take in engineering if I don't want to do desk job? I’d rather invent new designs, software, etc.
A famous computer scientist observed that stable hardware fosters innovative software, while stable software fosters innovative hardware. Who wrote that and where? (Could it be Knuth, Lampson, or Thacker?)
Being an electrical engineer and placed in a software company, should one focus only software? Or carve a way out and refocus on electrical stuff?
If you are a software developer who is in your late 20s or early 30s, do you think that you will still work as a software developer at 35?
What potential ethical issues do software manufacturers face in making trade-offs between project schedules, project costs, and software quality?
Can a recent mechanical engineering graduate manage a software developer role?
I am running a software development firm. Is there any possibilities to get projects outsourced from TCS, Wipro, Infosys?
How do I start studying for computer testing as a career?
What would a normal software engineer do at his 50s or 60s?
Can I use my experience as a software engineer to be admitted into Stanford?
What software is used to make web comics?
Do no game engineers make good stuff in video game development?
What is field testing?
Have you ever interviewed someone for a software engineer position and realized they were better than you?
What are some jobs involved in creating hardware, technology and software that doesn't require much mathematics?
​What does Alan Cooper think of the Agile development process?
Should I move from Singapore to Germany as a software engineer?
How can I find ideas for potential companies or software to develop?
What companies in Davis are hiring software engineers?
What is a better option to choose - software testing engineer or networking analyst to pursue as a career?
Is UMT, Lahore, best for software engineering?
How can I better myself as a project engineer?
Is there any chance a software engineer can serve Indian army?
How do software companies in the medical industry support their customers when seeing the data on a user's screen would be a violation of HIPAA?
What kind of tool would increase the communication in software development?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What is the salary of a management trainee intern after absorption in the software company Epsilon?
How is it to work in Mahindra Comviva in the post of software engineer-IV?
What would be the best move to become a software engineer, after completing a degree in civil engineering? Would a bachelor’s or master’s in CS help?
How soon will AI and ML make software developers obsolete?
If data scientist is my first job, does that make it harder to get a job in software engineering in the future?
What are the best IT companies in Switzerland?
Have you taken the Bentley written test for software engineers?
What video control software or management software do HEVC/VP9/AV1 streaming providers use today and what are the challenges do they face?
Is 5 years a reasonable amount of time to try to become an engineer?
What skills should I have after 2 years of experience in software testing?
Should I expect a lot of stress if I switch to a software developer job from EE?
Does Vi have a help command?
How long does it take an experienced attorney to redline a software licensing agreement?
How good is career as a software engineer in Business Analytics?
Which has better career opportunities for embedded engineers currently, automotive or IOT?
Which is harder, software developing or web developing?
What is digital repository software?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
Which are the best .NET software companies in India?
Can international students who completed bachelors’ of software engineering get jobs in Australia?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing and now I want to move into data science and do an MS in it. How can I go about this?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
What can a software developer do?
What are the advantages of Cadence software?
Does anyone ever regret going for an MBA from a software engineering background?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Microsoft Seattle campus?
What are the most innovative open source software projects related to cybersecurity?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
I have an accounting background. Should I change to QA tester for the ease to work from home? I am a mother of two and had a two year hiatus.
Do software development contractors need an ABN in Australia?
What type of glass do they use on the exterior of a smartphone camera?
What should an electrical engineering undergraduate do to get an internship at software companies like Adobe or any other?
What is BFSI? Is this knowledge required for software testers?
Does the government hire software engineers?
What is software? What is operating system? What is an application?
Which course has better placements, BSC CS or BE CS?
Would it be better to just go for my Cisco (CCNA-CCNP) or for a software engineering degree? I have an interest in both, but what would be better?
How is the work routine for engineers?
What should I look for, when screening software engineers to work in a blockchain company?
What are the characteristics of a software development company?
What is the best way to change from a career in Finance to a career in software engineering?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
Why is software development outsourcing a need?
Is there any software that can be useful for project planning?
I graduated a year ago and currently working. I am interested in software development but want to brush up my skills. Can I apply for internship?
What is a target-action method?
Is it a good idea to switch from engineer development to engineer QA after having 4+ years of experience in development?
What is the difference in IT engineering, telecom engineering, software engineering and computer engineering?
What are the similarities between hardware and software, and what are the differences?
What online courses could I get to get a job in the USA as a software engineer if I have only a Russian diploma in computer science?
In the IT industry, which sector has more scope, web designing or software development?
What software does one need to code?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Google at the Mountain View campus?
Is there free software similar to Teleport by Abyssoft?
Which software companies in India offer compensation to study along with doing the job?
What is automation in software industry?
Can computer scientists create software programs that are impenetrable?
What are simple ways to monitor and improve web performance?
What are some things software engineers can do to start to boost their careers in the later stages?
What is the meaning of top up license?
How does a connection pool work?
What is the salary breakdown (base + RSU + bonus) of a software engineer with a master’s degree and 3 years of work experience in 2017 in the Bay Area?
What is an example of a non-software project that uses Agile?
What should travel agencies do in order to stay ahead of the competition?
Should I major in computer science, cyber security or software engineering?
How can I become more confident as an independent software developer?
How can I get job offerings from big companies with a good salary since I am working as a software tester?
How do I know, when hiring software engineers for a startup, which one is good or bad?
Is anyone hiring software developer?
How can I move out of a consulting and management role in IT services to a software engineering role?
Does there exist a software that will block out certain programs I specify until a certain time of day?
What is the best technologies to start with in a software industry?
Which is a better job, an IBPS/SBI PO or a software engineer in TCS?
How can some programmers read the code and fix problems very easily in a big software stack, like a networking protocol stack?
Can I become a software devoloper and a web developer?
How do I utilize my time during my job as a software developer? As I am distract from my aim.
I am a fresher who is working on a software company for 3 months and I don't think I'll get enough exposure here what should I do?
What are some crucial concepts to learn before the call letter to a software job arrives?
What are some business opportunity trends within AI that can be monetized with little seed capital, if any?
What are the main differences among computer engineering, IT and software engineering?
How can I meet an Indian software developer?
Which is the most useful and common software in Canada?
Is it possible to simulate a software test lab using Machine learning?
Do software engineers or doctors have a higher net worth?
I am working as a software developer for 1 year but I am more interested in functional career rather than technical. What should I do?
How can I earn more than 20 lpa as a college dropout and self-taught software engineer in India?
As a software developer, how do you find time to learn new skills if you have a family and children to take care?
When can I consider myself as a fit entity to be a software developer?
Can software engineers change from developing to the testing domain? If so, which testing tool is good to learn in the present era?
Which software company should I join if I want to travel more?
NVIDIA CEO, Jensen Huang said: "Software Is eating the world, but AI Is going to eat software.” Should we think of this as a platform change?
What are the other ways to start a company other than software related?
How can I change my career from project management to software engineering for embedded systems?
Is a software developer job the right choice?
From where I can download engineering software IPSEpro?
What are the limitations and possibilities of using smartphone components in a phone they were not made for (e.g. using a HTC camera in an LG phone)?
Will AMCAT exam help to find a software engineer job in this present situation?
Do we need to have talent to get a software job in companies like TCS and HCL?
Who is the top software development company in Kerala?
Which companies uses coding with NX software for doing dimensioning automation?
Is teaching software programming a conflict of interest for software engineers?
How would you rate MTGO as a piece of software?
Are there any projects to make a non-toy grade block programming language like Scratch?
Should I buy a MacBook or a Windows laptop as an intermediate software developer?
As a trainee QA engineer, should I learn Python or Java? Which will be more useful for my QA career?
How do folks interview senior software engineers?
Recently, we launched a software online inventory system at www.darulsoftwares.com. How can we sell this software?
What should I major in, computer science (software engineering specialization) or (software engineering)?
Is getting a software engineering internship in Orlando difficult?
How can I build a 3D video streaming app for Android?
Why does FIXME do our code in comments? Does it encourage programmers to do more comments in their code?
What coding test should I give to an embedded software engineer?
After 2 years in the industry, is it normal to have so much of your code rewritten by a senior web developer/software engineer?
Is C++ used for software testing?
How does Microsoft train newly hired CS graduates for their development projects?
How can I get an attention of big tech companies on my resume as a software engineer? Please give me some advice?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
How does Epic charge for their software?
Which sort of engineers are responsible for designing laptops, cell phones, etc.?
How do I make the graphics for my booking system?
Why should the insurance industry use manual software testing services?
What are the different software pricing models?
Should I continue my software engineer job in the IT field in India in 2017?
What is scope of CodeIgniter in the software industry?
What is the role of quality engineer and software engineer in terms of software quality engineering?
Do doctors get more net worth than software engineers at the end if they start working as soon as they finished their degrees?
I am working as a software engineer. I want to crack SBI IT officer exam. Should I go with the preparation along with job or just focus on my job?
It's a matter of trust! How can I hijack my site from the programmer that developed it?
How does software development life in Sweden compare to the USA?
In software engineering, is it better to focus on one field or try to learn a handful of fields?
Which one is better to start as a fresher having very few coding experience, being a NOC engineer, a malware trainee or going into software testing?
Does pursuing an MBA in finance give a better financial status than doing software engineering?
What is Telstra’s recruitment process for the post of IT software developer?
What are some examples of a subcutaneous test in software development?
What is the difference between array's traversal time in Stack, Heap and Data?
Which field is better, networking or software?
After finishing my first year of computer science, what group projects can I contribute to and where?
What are some tips you would give your past self when you were just getting into software development?
Which software is similar to CARTO?
How can independent developers make money from software development as a sustained model when Apple insists on free upgrades for users?
What is your opinion of the Unified Process(UP)?
Should I list "customer support agent" in my CV for a software engineer job?
What is the role of software engineers in CPEC?
Which software should I begin with for movie making?
Which companies have the best work-life balance for software developers?
How can I get a job in software development while working in IT support?
Is it possible to run a software company alone?
How do smart software engineers look at stupid software engineers?
How does auto scaling work in terms of cloud services like AWS and GCP?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
What is the present situation of a software industry? Do Trump’s decisions affect Indian software industries?
What are the ways for a science graduate with no IT background to pursue a career within the IT industry (especially software and app development) in Ontario?
What are the most well-known open source software projects that have not been commercialized yet?
How can I change my career from mechanical engineering to embedded software engineering?
Which software developers do I know to trust with my legally unprotected idea?
What is the best software for creating infographs?
What are some websites where I can learn the logic behind circuit designing?
Which is the best for freshers: data science or big data Hadoop training?
I'm an architectural technologist looking to go into the field of software engineering. Which software packages should I prepare to learn?
What kind of interview will it be in Cornerstone OnDemand for a senior software engineer from Bangalore?
What is the motive of Versant English Placement Test? Why do software engineering jobs need you to pass this test?
What are the technical details that occur during software installation?
How do I switch professions from being a software engineer to being a full-time stock investor?
What are the qualification required for fresher to get a software?
Will a bachelor’s degree in software engineering from a mediocre college in the USA land me a good job?
Is it worth it for an IT fresher to join RAPS iTECH, Chandigarh for the post of Associate software engineer?
What software companies allow the most freedom for employees to work on side projects and OSS off of company time?
How is open source developed?
Is it possible to survive in software industry without passion to learn new technology?
What is the purpose of software quality management?
What is involved in a software developer aptitude test?
I am willing to sacrifice all of my free time to learn algorithms and prepare the Google interview in 1 year, how should I start?
What is chatbot technology in the travel domain?
What are the opportunities for a software developer with design and animation skills?
Is direct addressing mode better than indirect addressing mode?
Has anyone working in software/IT moved from Bangalore to Delhi/NCR? What was your experience?
What kinds of software are far more complex to develop than people (who aren't software engineers) realize?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
What should every software engineer know about software architecture?
Why does Juval Lowy think microservices will be the biggest flop in software?
What are the academic qualifications required to become a software engineer at Google or Microsoft?
What is the best course to do for a software engineer in IT?
Does Google India hire any non-CS graduates as software engineers?
What are the various courses that a software engineer or developer needs?
I want to be a software engineer in a year; how can one start with his own course?
Will there be any wireless technology for smartphones in the future so that we can share battery power (electricity) over WiFi or Bluetooth or something else?
How can I securely pay for the software system?
What are some differences between local development environments and the Continuous Integration server when making builds?
What are the new skills/areas that are relevant for software developer and have scope in future considering the changing IT trend these days?
Why do game developers make so little money in comparison to software engineers?
What are some statistics around usage of open source libraries and frameworks in closed-source or in-house code bases?
How can I customize Soft Tech V6?
What is “modeling”, and what is its importance in software development?
What project can I do in C++ on my own to touch upon majority of my undergraduate concepts in CS?
What are the development tools for multi-touch presentation walls?
Since in India everyone is crazy about CSE, how does one know if it’s his passion or if he is just following the herd?
What are some ways that developers try to act cool around other developers?
Are there any testing hackathons for software testers?
When a place asks for people with basic database software knowledge, what specifically are they thinking?
What career should I choose, big data analytics or software development engineer in testing? Which one is better?
Is it a good idea to use Java developers as testers for black-box testing of bugs/tasks?
What happens to old QA engineers?
Which software is used for modeling a building?
What are the software a biomedical engineer should learn?
How much do the people running their own small software companies in India make?
How do I partner with a company to use their software/products in a niche market that I have found?
Which is the best software in the retail kids’ garments industry that’s integrated from end-to-end, including taxation, expenses and inventory?
What is the way to get in to the top USA based software companies while working from India?
I want to join Brainware Computers for a PG course in software engineering. Will it be a good decision?
Can anyone opt software engineering in IIT if he had not read computer till 10?
Which is the best software for making FPS?
How do I clear the HSBC recruitment process for a trainee software engineer?
How can Discrete Structures be co-related to software engineering?
How do I approach clients for outsourcing software development projects?
What are the key consideration before choosing offshore software development services?
How is the scope of firmware programming compared to application programming in software industry?
What is the best way to become a software developer after obtaining a civil engineering degree?
Do I have to be a developer to learn DevOps tools like Jenkins?
What is the best software Architecture video?
How can I become a smartphone designer in companies (I mean the design not software design)?
Is FreeCodeCamp only for yet-to-be-developers?
What does it take to study Computer Science at MIT?
What is layoff in a software company?
How do I create scenario-based modelling in software engineering?
When developing for the global environment, should software be designed to fit the business requirements, or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software? Why?
Can a QA engineer with 1+ year of experience in the software industry go into the hardware industry?
Which job is better tester at Samsung or software developer at Drishti-Soft?
How many software professionals (developers, architects, project managers) are there in Dubai and in other GCC countries?
Would you leave NYC and move to Washington, D.C., for a similar good-paying tech job?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer? And what is the growth for the QA role?
How much programming should you know before learning DS & Algo?
Should I accept an offer for a full-time job from Yelp or Amazon as a Software Developer?
Is it hard for a new CS grad with a good GPA and no internships to get a job? How about in Los Angeles?
Is it mandatory to provide "software code(s)" when getting a software patent for a novel which is not obvious?
Where is Uber’s software development centre in Bangalore?
Does a degree or experience talk better in software engineering, as well as to be a part of reputed companies?
Does BITS offer undergraduate software engineering (SWE) instead of CSE? I can't find details on the internet.
Is software engineering a meritocratic field?
What are top websites where software professinals reside?
How DevOps will help manual tester with more than 10 years of experience?
What is the best optimal path for Switching Career to from software developer to Data scientist?
Which IT software companies in the Noida region are open to career opportunities from the summer to autumn season of 2017?
Does the stock exchange in India provide a platform for software developers?
How do I study and practice software engineering? I am not talking about writing code. I want to know more about the core concepts or corner stones of SE (like design patterns, distributed computing, binary search, etc.). What is the way to study this?
How can I prepare for software testing jobs for freshers in the Netherlands if I am an outsider?
How much do software engineers make at NTT DATA after working for 2 years?
Which programming skills should I learn?
What are other career choices for a Software Engineer on H1B visa?
After spending 3 years in a product support profile, how can I keep myself motivated to switch to a development profile? Or is it too late?
What are the services a software testing company offers?
How many times a week do you use a debugger?
What should be the salary of an ASP.NET software developer with 4 years of experience?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Why don't my developers want to wear handsome suits and stately business dresses to work?
How can a jack-of-no-trades full-stack/front-end engineer find another job?
Is an Indian software company liable to compensate its clients in case of any error in software?
How do I start over as a software engineer?
Is there any Flowchart software for Linux recommended?
What is salary for software engineer at Deerwalk Nepal?
What are the prerequisites for automotive software engineering?
How can I become a recipe tester?
Which are the software testing tools institutes use in Pune?
What is the future chances for an Application Development Manager in India?
How important is the time of year you apply for entry-level software engineering jobs?
What is the best option after completing a bachelor’s in software engineering?
Which department is better, in terms of career growth, in the banking sector?
What is the difference between regression, sanity and smoke testing?
How do I get a software idea developed if I am not a developer?
Are software engineers allowed to tell people where they work?
Should I focus on learning the product or sharpening my technical skills?
Whose responsibility is it to determine the cost of a new feature?
What are good performance metrics or KPI's for a new COO of a software technology consulting company?
How do I start my career choice as a software engineer or analysis?
Is it good for a software developer to take up the position of product support engineer in India?
How do I prepare for product-based software companies as I am a pass out from a normal engineering college?
Which are some bad programming practices?
How can I apply for a software developer position in ZOHO? I have work experience. How will be the interview process, and how can I prepare for it?
What should I do after building a well functioning windows desktop application?
How do I change careers from the QE department to software development?
Which should I choose for ECE - software or core?
What are the properties of offshore software development services?
What should I do to get the most out of a web dev internship with a very low-quality code base? My boss does not want to do a major refactor and redesign.
Has industrialization denounced farming, specially the software industry?
How do I setup in-house software development unit in consultancy company?
What is the difference between a systems engineer, an informatics engineer and a computer engineer?
Is full-stack developer just a fancy name for programmer?
I'm working as a software engineer in an organization. I always wanted to be a pilot. Is it possible for me to switch my career?
What are the best resources on the topic of website performance optimization?
What's the difference between a system programmer and a system engineer? Which of them is better in terms of a monthly income?
If there is no software information can I still use StartApp?
What is the best self learning path to going from noob to software engineer?
Which of the largest technology companies do not require code interviewing when recruiting new developers?
What are the considerations in an MTech SE (Integrated) in VIT?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
Are the electrical engineers get job in software companies?
How should a CS student practice designing and building large-scale, real-time distributed systems, e.g. YouTube, Facebook, and Uber?
How much do software/IT architects at McKinsey typically make initially?
Is 12th needed for software engineering jobs?
How do I understand very large code-bases quickly in a product-based company?
How do I make a software for visualisation?
How do I save a range after docking with Hex 8 software?
What are some good software product prototyping tools?
What is the difference between computer engineering, system engineering and software engineering?
Is Java a software?
Is it possible to get a license as a software engineer with a BTech in electrical?
Am I a software engineer if I know how to use AppInventor to build apps?
Is it too late to get a software engineering internship? We are at the end of April.
What is the difference between software engineering and computer science engineering? And which one has major opportunities in placement?
Which software will be best for designing PCB for small projects? Where do I get tutorials?
I am a undergrad studying computer science but the program is not accredited by ABET. Will this cause any problems with me working/studying in the US?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
What are some of the best practices for setting up the scope of work and contracts when hiring developers overseas?
Is it possible to assess the quality of software if the customer keeps changing the functional requirements?
Why don’t the top programmers and engineers working at Facebook and Google make their own app or something new so that they can replace these companies?
What subjects should I choose in college (apart from distributed systems) to prepare me for a data architect role?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Should I be concerned for my career as a software developer?
Can a non-maths student be a software engineer with PCB & C++ as subjects?
Should I have continued BA in software engineering?
By 2023, will software engineering be a good career for making money?
Does Yammer hire entry level software engineers?
Is it legal for an Indian company to sell software to a company in Pakistan?
Which are the top software QA automation tools in high demand right now?
Is it common to not be able to get the dev version of a repo working locally when you start a new job?
How are software and hardware implemented in educational institutions?
What is it like working as a software engineering VP at JP Morgan, Bangalore?
Why did you change your field from electronics to software?
How long do software engineers spend taking customer requirements?
What exactly happens to software when someone cracks or patches it?
Are software developers going to lose jobs in the industrial revolution 4.0?
What is it like to be a machine learning engineer?
Do developers from top tech companies like Google always feel superior to other developers?
What are the key traits of a process engineer?
How do I learn "database principles and applications"? Is this course good for a software engineering major student?
Can I develop an Android application like the Matrix Lab software with the same features?
Why aren’t software engineers happy with their life?
What algorithms and data structures are included for software students?
How does your company/organization handle cloud account ownership?
What is Amazon Ireland's official or unofficial dress code? What is the rough criteria for evaluating a candidate for a software developer job?
What is a ground maintenance software?
What is it like to work at Nvidia as a software QA engineer?
How difficult is Societe Generale's coding test for experienced software developers?
How many days does a software work?
I got a job as a software tester but didn't negotiate my salary. 4 months in and it's really difficult for me. When/How should I renegotiate?
Which is the best time for getting a job: September and October or January and February?
What would be the result of a computer chess game if there is literally unlimited time to play? Would it always be a stalemate or always a win for the white?
Who replaced CMMI for the development of quality systems for software development companies?
Where can I find out more about Access, the Office software?
When should I focus more on the design part of making a software/app/website?
What is Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering (CPRE)? How it can help you as a software engineer?
What is the salary package of an IT software engineer after 6 years?
As an undergraduate petroleum engineering student what type of software do I need to know?
How do I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
Why are Americans afraid of Indian software engineers?
What is the ZoomRX interview process for a software development engineer?
What is your view on the use of remote teams on software development (offshore/nearshore sourcing)?
What should be the subject to be chosen for software engineering?
Which start-ups are hiring software engineers on F1 student visas in the San Francisco Bay area?
Can a data scientist at Amazon refer for a software engineering position?
Can I get software engineering in SRM main campus with 49000 rank?
Are the courses and job opportunities offered by SJSU's MS software engineering special session (off campus) similar to the on-campus MS SE?
Which one should I choose, a football player contract for Real Madrid team A or a software engineer offer from Google?
What computer skills does one learn under a digital humanities course?
How easy is it to get PR in Canada for a software developer having 3 years of experience?
How do we get to know during software design that the hardware (Intel Edison) has enough computational​ power to run the software?
How can you become a multi-billionaire through writing a software? Do I need a single laptop and a software or more, where and how do I get started?
Does being from a Tier 3 engineering college matter if I work hard to become a good programmer?
How much detail about projects at my current company can I include in my resume?
What topics should I be prepared for in a software development engineer interview after working for 1-1.5 years?
How do you perform multi-document transactions in MongoDB?
What do you need to know/do in order to stand out as a software engineer?
How much money do the best software engineers on Wall Street make?
How can one develop NLP software to automatically mute news items mentioned in higher proportions (e.g. Trump)?
Should I join Works Applications Tokyo as a technical architect and leave my job as a software development engineer at Amazon Japan?
How can you implement sticky sessions in a distributed system?
I want to create a REST API and use it for my mobile application (retrieving simple data). What language and framework would be the best choice?
What is the best software course for non-IT graduates in India?
What are the benefits of commercial software?
What is the advantage of studying electrical engineering, because at the end I will be getting a job as a software engineer?
How can software testing help the logistics industry?
What if I don't update my mobile software regularly?
Why would you want to make unsafe calls in Kotlin?
How many software development teams worldwide provide outsourcing? I need a reliable source.
What software or process do you use to validate online a new branch location?
Do I really need development experience to apply for QA jobs in Google?
What are the trends in software development outsourcing?
What are the advantages of implementing a software measurement program within an IT organization?
What are the properties of software testing services?
How are joins supported by SQL but not in NoSQL databases?
Are enterprise customers willing to pay for SaaS software, reducing the time spent on meetings in large organizations ?
Between developing or purchasing software, what would you recommend for a long term project for a public organization?
Should I go into mechanical, electrical, aerospace, or software engineering?
Is there any way to stay calm and focused while working with some ugly and stupid people in the software industry?
Intentional Software is integrated into Microsoft. Where have the workbenches disappeared to?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
Can I work as a network engineer and a QA engineer at the same time and the same company?
How do you reverse engineer an app/software?
Where is the Rubrik India Development Center located, and how competitive is the hiring for fresher software engineers?
What do I have to do after class 10 if I have interest in software and hardware?
How do creatives and engineers alike (social, AI, etc.) design for empathy?
How hard is it to be recruited by Rakuten, Japan as a software tester working in India for the past 6+ years?
What are the tips to choose software development company?
What should software developers do when they are getting old?
How do you work on a feature branch with Git/GitHub when there may or may not be any contributors?
Should I take an IT intern role if I want to do software engineering?
Which intel development board is the best equivalent to a Raspberry Pi 3 Model?
What do freelance software developers charge in India?
How can I apply to the Google company as a QA engineer?
What's the most ridiculously over-engineered piece of code you've seen?
What does it mean to "stand up" a server?
What is the minimum time to learn an engineering software?
Which is a good profession: teaching or software industry-related jobs?
What does killing net neutrality mean in regards to job security for those employed as software/web developers?
What was your first week like at your first software engineering job?
Are applications and software both the same?
How should a software engineer invest 40K savings?
What is network monitoring software?
Is it better to study hardware or software?
Why do many jobs have a sign "This job is not open for new grads" in HackerRank?
What are various softwares that a civil engineer need to learn for his future benefits?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is the best software for watch designing?
Which operating system is best for SolidWorks software?
Is shutting down (versus re-starting) a Macbook sufficient for removing Malware when using programs that request a restart?
Which courses should I opt in my college? I want to become a software/game developer.
What are the advantages of software development outsourcing?
Can a software engineer get into economics by pursuing a graduate degree in the subject?
What is QFD? How is it beneficial in effective software product development and design?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
What is necessary to develop a software application?
What is the difference between software testing and software inspection?
Apart from Crossover, can somebody give a list of similar companies that offer remote jobs for software engineers?
Where can I learn AUTODYN software online?
After the device dies, can you handle the software without the device?
What is software architecture in software engineering?
What are the worthy distance/online finance courses for a working professional as a software engineer with two years of experience?
Which top graduate schools offer professional master's degrees in CS, software engineering, or data science?
I have an offer from Siemens and one from Honeywell for the post of senior software engineer. Which should I choose?
Are software developers proud of the software that they have done after the submission of the projects?
If I am using a one year renewal licensed software to develop a software product, should I capitalize or expense the license?
What are the best software solutions for fresh produce wholesalers?
Are there any good books or resources for learning about Agile from a service perspective vs. a software development perspective?
Can you become a software engineer through computer science?
Is it normal for remote developers that work for US software startups from other countries to earn way less than developers working onsite?
What does it mean for a software to be all about abstractions?
Do I need software development skills if I want to be an ML engineer?
What precautions to be taken before giving the software code to the work from home developers of a startup?
How can a third party verify a software engineer?
I have been in the USA as a Dot Net programmer for 4 years. The pay is quite a bit less in the market when compared to other programming languages. What are some suggestions for me?
Which is the best institute to learn software testing in NCR?
How do I get an internship in Sokrati as a software development engineer?
How can one become well versed with software like FactStage?
Will making my software free for non-commercial use diminish my chances of getting a company to acquire my company in future?
Can I be successful in software engineering at SJSU if I am not good at math?
What are the ways where I can promote my software development services to gain more client?
How good is ThreadSol for a software engineer position?
Is it common to be asked to take psychometric tests for software engineering roles?
What I do after twelth for software engineering?
What kind of opportunities are there for an MBA candidate in the software sector?
What was the first application software?
What the best software for fitness assessment reporting?
What are the historical landmarks in the development of software systems worldwide?
How does one go about translating a real-world idea for an application to a design of RESTful API for it?
I have just cleared my class 12 and have joined a good college with CSE. How should I improve my programming (or technical) skills?
What is the field of maths most required during software/game development?
What do people prefer to buy: a 'device' (i.e. smartphone/software embedded hardware) or a pure software product (say an operating system)?
Is reusability in software development a joke?
What are the hardware and the software requirements to run a website?
What is maintainability in software engineering?
I’m a developer and project manager; the code that I write is a mess, but in 23 years no one has complained about this. How is that possible?
What sort of software-related jobs are being performed at Magic, Inc. Philippines?
How do I become a successful software developer if I don't like programming?
What are the important things that a software engineer need to do daily to improve them technically?
If I have a software or service developed for hospitals, what are the best possible methods for promoting it with lesser investment but high outreach?
What does it look like working in a trading firm (like SIG) as a software engineer?
What is some information about Penn State's World Campus bachelor’s in software engineering program?
What are some tricky questions in a software engineer interview?
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
How is ASU’s MS program for software engineering?
How much would it cost me to have someone build me my own forex trading platform that's as good as FXCM?
Is Proxor certification recognized by the industry? How valuable is it?
Is it true that Indian IT engineers’ resumes are filled with fake data?
Are web developers software engineers?
What is the annual cost to study software engineering?
What options for self development (MBA/Diploma) does a software engineer with 5 years experience have in Pune?
Can I get software job in Russia?
What are some sites used by software developers to update their skills/knowledge in their domain?
I’m looking to switch careers to software development. What programming languages should I focus on learning first to best help my job prospects?
How can I switch careers from BPO to a software developer or programmer?
Is Software Engineering at Amazon much different from Facebook?
What work does the Hewlett-Packard software company do in Chennai?
Which is the best and preferable resume format for applying to a leading software MNC's for a fresher job?
How can a software developer get a product management job at Facebook, Google etc.?
Which company is best to join among LinkedIn and Dropbox as a software engineer?
How do you obtain a tech position in the pharma/biotech sector? I have been an NYC Software developer for 15 years and I am willing to spend 1–2 years gaining a science background. What are some degrees, schools, and eventually companies/roles that I should consider?
Which are the other softwares like anthroplus?
Do you think that protection of Indian tech companies can guarantee their development?
How can I buy software for my company?
How did you get into game development? What advice would you give to a newbie who wants to transition from writing software to developing games?
As a software engineer in the US, how can I maximize my salary?
What was a starting software engineer’s salary for each year, from 2000 to 2017, in India?
What are some online databases for a React application?
What is the scope of software engineering in USA?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of working at a big 4 software company but not at the company HQ?
Which software course has a good scope in the future?
Can I pursue an MS in MIS if I have a bachelor's in science and a software engineering certificate (3-year course) from NIIT?
How is Capgemini as a senior software engineer, and what are its future prospects?
What percentage of software engineers do large tech companies employ?
Which software is best for testing the efficiency of a building?
What qualification is required for a software tester in Dubai?
What is an effective way of sourcing for engineering equipment?
Should I study hardware or software from Canada?
How do I get investment for my software?
What are good software tools for managing software test cases and documentation?
How can one learn software engineering from knowing nothing to being a pro online?
How do I find long-term accommodation in Seattle? I’m an Indian girl joining a software company.
Which software course is best for a 1 year experience?
Does a software engineer really need to buy a house in Hyderabad? If so, what are the pros and cons?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
What do software engineers do for Amazon?
What factors should we consider before selecting a software development company?
What is the profile of software engineers in Silicon Valley who got a minimum of $50k USD as sign-on bonuses (since 2012)?
How do I analyse a building with lead rubber bearing in ETABS?
How do I deal with my software director in New Zealand who doesn't have much trust in my technical skill sets?
Which career path is best for a software engineer who is not passionate about architecting technical projects, but who wants to grow?
What to do for clearing testing interview in SAP HR with no prior knowledge? I am a tester with 2 years of functional testing experience.
Where can I get a clone of Zarfund with the source code?
How are the placements in SWE in SRM?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
As a software developer, why do you put a lot of programming languages, frameworks and technical skills on your CV?
What is a good topic for a master’s thesis in software engineering related to natural language processing and machine learning?
What is industrialization systems in terms of software domain?
What are the placements like for an integrated MTech in software engineering at VIT?
Can a software developer with an experience of 1 year get a job in marketing?
Which are pure Indian IT product based software companies?
Is it right for an instructor to not correct their online textbook during a semester?
What are the proxy software tools?
What annual salary should I expect in Suffolk, England, with 7 years of experience as a .NET software developer?
What are the other options for BtecIT other than software companies?
Will focusing on Android development during college help me get placed in most companies coming for placement drive?
How can I enhance my coding skill to be a software developer?
Does software testing require any coding knowledge?
How is the scope, salary-wise, for a software tester in the fund accounting domain (IT industry)?
What are the steps that I should take in order to become an engineer’s apprentice with no experience?
What is the highest paying software development role in India?
How do I find a junior backend position?
How do I decide the beam orientation in Patran software?
Which career is better salary-wise, a software developer or CCIE security?
Which planets are responsible for good software engineers, in astrology?
What tech companies have the strongest engineering team?
How can I become a top software developer after doing a Bsc in CS?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
Which platform is better for a software engineer between Java and PHP to create the best market for himself?
Why should we use software configuration management?
What is meant by software and hardware?
How is Quora useful to software engineers?
How is the career growth in Zenoti Hyderabad for a software developer (fresher)?
Roughly how much should I make as a software engineer with 5 years of experience in Munich?
What is the work culture like for software engineers at Bloomberg LP?
What are some very old software you still use?
Why do some IT staff not like UML?
What's the difference between a support engineer and DevOps engineering roles at Amazon?
What is the hiring process like for software engineers in Nepalese tech companies?
Is there anyone who is looking for experience certificate in software?
What are the properties of software development outsourcing?
What requirements are available in the SRS document?
How do I move out of software engineering to a product/business/strategy role?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
What solutions does a software development company provide?
Where can I get programming software?
What is AN Software?
What should we do to get a software job?
What are examples of manufacturing engineering software?
Do Apple iOS software updates take up storage?
How does Google Polymer compare to React?
What are the top ten software programs for civil engineers?
How do you get someone at Tesla to notice your resume and referral for software engineering?
Do software developers copy code from their colleagues?
What are the applications of software?
Does Facebook use metadata-driven development?
How do I make my team more agile?
Is it true that software development is a dead end job after 30 and most software developers can only start their own companies?
What are the similarities/differences between a cloud architect and infrastructure architect?
Why did software companies cut jobs in India?
Which design software is best for an environmental engineer?
What is the perfect lifestyle of a software professional?
What work do software engineer, analyst, and tester do in companies like Capgemini, Cognizant, Infosys?
What software model is good for deadlines?
What kind of companies or work profile offers interdisciplinary, challenging and innovation demanding problem solving task for engineering background in India?
What happens during Samsung's software competency test?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
What are the steps that will be done after the completion of writing the Java code in software industries?
How can someone be an excellent software developer after maintaining university pressure?
How can I do a thesis for a master’s in software engineering?
What is green software engineering?
What is the salary for a data scientist in Hong Kong?
What are passes in system software?
Is having a meal twice daily good for software engineers?
Which is the best exam to get a job as a software tester?
Do you know all the aspects of software outsourcing development overseas yet?
How is the Rajesh Patkar Institute of Software Engineering in Mumbai?
What is work plan in software development?
After how many years are software projects usually replaced (or rewritten so substantially they could be considered new)?
Is getting a software engineering degree a better career move than getting a computer science degree?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
How long, on average, does it take to be intellectually comfortable/competent as a software developer?
What is a software research engineer at Google?
What are the best courses related to databases that a software engineer should do?
How are "Software Engineering Intern" positions different from SW intern roles with more specialized job titles?
Which job is more intellectually challenging, a developer’s job at HFT/financial firms or a developer’s position at software firms like Google and Amazon?
Can a self taught excellent (who can prove he's better than others in coding & did many projects) college dropout software engineer get a job in India?
What opportunities will Google's new OS, Fuchsia, bring for mobile app developers?
How do I work with a QA engineer with 10 years of experience who doesn't know how to rename a file in a command line?
Why would adding MPI slow down my CUDA/OpenMP parallel program, rather than speed it up?
Which company gives a higher salary to freshers, a product-based software company or service-based software company?
If you have a choice of having a software job or a business, which one would you choose and why?
How I can calculate my hourly rate as a software freelancer with 6 years of experience?
Do AI consultants themselves implement the software/code in businesses or is this done by specific AI software developers?
How can I become a remote contract developer?
How often do web/software developers get called in during off hours?
What's the hardest part of successfully automating a system?
Can you tell me how to make any software learn start?
What are some companies that develop A/B testing and Heatmap software?
How do I learn software development skills if I am from an IT support background and currently working as a DevOps engineer?
Is it worth having an ITIL Foundation certificate for software professionals with 2 years of experience?
Would getting a System Administrator job in college help me land a Software Engineering role afterwards?
Which one is good to join, Infosys or CGI? Both are offering kind of the same packages for senior software engineers.
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
Do you need to be proficient in higher level mathematics to become a senior software engineer?
What are the benefits of UML?
Is it true that computer programming is 99% self-taught?
How can I become a millionaire by working at Infosys?
Can a pregnant woman change jobs easily in the software industry?
How do you understand the development of IPE?
How is the software testing profile at Samsung R&D Bangalore for a Tier 3 CSE grad?
What is a good score in the NTS GAT with a 2.9 CGPA? I need a scholarship for a master’s in software engineering.
Why does Google restrict access to software developing docs, services, etc., for Iranian programmers while Microsoft doesn't?
What are some of the best clipping management applications that sync across MacOS and iOS devices?
What is the best way (step-by-step) to become a software engineer in a short amount of time?
Which software course is the best to get a job quickly?
What is a good, complete book on software engineering?
What is some free software for an audio analyzer?
What group can I take for going in software field?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
How do I move from a systems admin profile to software development?
Which start ups in India are currently hiring (April 2017) software developers with one year of experience?
Can I do a computer science/software engineering project related to migraines somehow?
What are the steps for managing a remote team for software development?
Can a manual tester become a software developer if he has good programming knowledge?
As a fresher, what kind of growth can I expect in the software field?
What qualities do I need to call myself a software developer?
Which will be better, CDac or software testing coaching for job purposes, for the M.ECE 2015 batch?
Which offer should I accept - a product support engineer at Sprinklr, or a software engineer at Continental R&D?
What do all computer engineers, IT engineers and software engineers think of EVM tampering?
What is the difference between a computer hardware and computer software?
What is the best way to improve my software quality management skills?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
Is there any scope for a piping isometric drawing software developer?
What is the better career, software developer or digital marketing?
How has your password changed your life?
What is the fastest way to get a list of Twitter user ID's that are active in a past year, i.e. 2015 or is it even possible?
What is the algorithm a Microsoft software developer should know?
Is a first over a 2:1 in Computer Science worth the effort?
Do software engineer attain better position in Infosys than electrical engineer in any core company?
What would the feature of software testing?
Other than calculus, what fundamental math topics should a software engineer know?
What is a daily routine that can help me be fit, healthy, smart and wealthy? I am a 26-year-old male software engineer working 9 to 6.
After passing the 10 class, how much time does it take to be a software engineer?
Which is Zuckerberg’s software for kids to learn coding?
What is the real meaning of 'technical debt' in Agile processes?
It it necessary to have computer science in class 11 and 12 to do software engineering?
How would you prepare for a job as a VP of Engineering?
What are the salaries for software engineers at the beginning?
As a software developer, is it ok to feel exhausted and tired of learning new technical skills?
What are some tips for creating and cultivating a web performance driven culture at a tech company?
What are your thoughts on Free Code Camp?
Which one is better than the others, a cardiologist, oncologist, software engineer, or neurosurgeon? Why?
What is the hardest software engineering problem you have ever worked on?
As a self-employed software developer, how long did it take you to earn what you previously made in your day job?
What are some tools that you have built that you use?
How can I follow software engineers on Quora?
What pre-course input is necessary to join a B.Tech program in computer science?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
What are the best books to learn the foundations behind coding a software?
How do the big tech companies use Python efficiently given its lack of static type checking and other aspects of modern software engineering?
Do all software engineering internships require that you know about Data Structures & Algorithms?
What are the top research labs working on the topic of security in software defined networking?
Following the path of self-education in CS and being a JavaScript developer, when can I consider myself a software engineer?
Is it possible to switch to software?
What should programmers know about AWS to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Do operations research analysts program daily? Are they lifelong learners like software applications developers?
How much information do you divulge when trying to find people to work on a software or new cloud product with worrying someone may steal it from you?
What are the top MNCs for a performance tester/engineer?
How can I be rich being a software engineer in India?
How is the culture at Reliance JIO’s office, mainly in their technical (software) department?
Can a software engineer become an international tour guide?
In software development, who is the person that goes out and gets the requirements for a project?
Can a senior software engineer stay in Canada if he is a tourist but successfully passes all of his interviews?
As a software developer, what would you do if a colleague said your work is too easy and doesn’t have much value for the team?
Is it a good idea to take a software engineer job at Apple at age 28?
How much scope does software engineering have?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
Are there any options for work from home for a software tester in India?
What is the industry standard ratio for internal tools developers to product developers in a tech organization?
What is the starting salary for a software engineer at Google?
What is Facebook's code review process like?
What are the best ways to improve my software sales skills?
Should software be designed to fit the business requirements or should business requirements be modified to fit existing software?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
How was Systems Tool Kit developed?
How can I become a software architect at Google or Facebook?
Is web development considered in software engineering?
Is there any bridging course available for a software tester who has migrated from India with a PR visa in hand?
Is it true that engineers can do everything but engineering?
Does software engineers make a lot of money compared to other jobs like doctors, attorneys, and bank investments?
How can I find a developer job with a non-CS degree in India?
Which are the most demanding/trending fields in IT/software industry?
What should be the category A cutoff for software engineering in SRM University on the main campus?
How can I join ISRO? I am a software performance tester but I want to serve the nation within satellite technology.
Which companies host hackathons or other software engineering events?
How is the future in Laravel for a software engineer?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a QA in software testing/development?
How can the absence of good software engineering practice affect software product development?
If I am a new software engineer at Microsoft, what are things I can do early on to set me up for acceptance into the MS Emerging Leader Bench program?
What does the average network engineer know that the average software engineer does not know about computer systems?
How can an Egyptian software engineer get a job in Germany?
What is the best technology/software to switch from ITIS (2-year exp.) to a developer role?
What should I do to become a software tester or developer?
To what extent do software engineers need to understand computer and electrical hardware?
What are the programmes offered for the VIT M.Tech software engineering integrated programme?
Which certification should I go for? I graduated in CS, having 2.7 years of work experience, plus a diploma in software engineering.
Why is my external hard disk not loading?
What approach (CMMI, ISO 9001, TickIT, 6Sigma) should I choose as software development quality framework?
How is Cassandra used in building reactive streams systems?
What can I do to become a software engineer? At the present time, I am in the 12th class and my subjects are science and maths.
How do I develop bug-free software?
Which are the universities in Germany which teach (undergraduate) software engineering in English and how do I apply for that?
Which degree is most suitable between a Bachelor’s of CIS and a B.Sc IT majoring in CS & Physics if I desire to be a software engineer in the business world?
How can I switch from a career in software engineering to the cyber security field?
As a British software developer, I really want to move to Silicon Valley to work. How do I make this happen from a visa and finding work standpoint?
What is a good textbook to learn programming/software engineering 'meta' skills?
Can you work in a software company after doing a non-software btech like mechanical or EEE and an MBA?
What are the cutoff points required for a Software Test Engineer to apply for a subclass 189 visa to Australia?
What are the common things that excellent engineers do every day?
What are the best advantages of CAM software?
Which is the best software testing course institute in Chandigarh?
What are the key considerations of software development outsourcing?
Would you hire a Free Code Camp camper?
Which angular version is used in software companies in India?
Do star sports require software engineers?
How bad are the worst software engineers at top companies like Google and Facebook?
Why is a medial test required in software companies?
What are the best business intelligence tools for developers to integrate into their clients software projects?
Is MIT good for future software developers, specifically front-end?
I have 5 years of experience in software testing. I am willing to migrate to Canada and switch to different domain such as banking. Is it possible?
Which technology/language in software engineering has a good scope and pays well?
With the same experience, who will get paid more, a software engineer, a security researcher, or a data scientist?
What equipment do IBM software engineers get? And does it differ depending on the location of the IBM office, such as Ireland?
How can I determine which career- data science, data analysis, or software development- would be the best fit for my personality?
What are some uncommon tricks used to protect software from reverse engineering?
Software engineers, what programming languages do you know?
Is there a UML model that shows the technology ecosystem in one diagram?
Is software testing dead?
Are software engineers paid higher, on average, than any other technical field?
How is £75000 (pre-tax) as a salary in London for a software engineer with 4 years of experience, if I want to lead a comfortable life?
What is meant by deploying to stages (production/development)?
Why does Snapchat pay its new grad software engineers more than Google or Facebook?
Why are software company managers sadistic?
Can an average software engineer get an offer from booking.com?
How can I get a job at a Canadian software company from Nigeria?
Do you think the existing vendor selection methods for large firms and SMEs looking to select a reliable vendor are effective or lacking?
What do CS engineers do?
Working as a programmer, is it useful to study by heart standard algorithms such as Dijkstra, Quicksort and so on, or do you just Google them and use them?
Can a software developer at D. E. Shaw in Bangalore get opportunities to transfer internally to an office in the USA?
Is it a good move to join from Cisco (automation tool development) to Nokia Networks (as a solution architect)?
What is it like to work on Keurig's engineering team?
What programming languages are compulsory for ECE freshers to become software engineers?
How do you handle push requests of feature branches based on other feature branches?
In Java, why does @Override fail for static methods?
What are the lists of designations for a software developer? What are the responsibilities of an associate software analyst?
How important is it for a professional software developer to learn Vim?
Are algorithms and data structures what make a software developer good?
How can one create and write documents during software development?
What is the best software Architecture online class?
Is there any blogger or YouTube channel that breaks down big software programs like Photoshop, WordPress, and Joomla & showcases its architecture/design pattern?
Is a Computer Science Engineering degree and a Software Engineering degree given the same value in the tech industry in the USA?
Is the warranty voided if we choose the developer option?
What are the benefits of using a tailoring software?
Why do full-stack developers get low pay compared to other MBA graduates or software developers?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
Which is the youngest big technology giant software company in Silicon Valley?
What are the best system software books?
Why was Wintel software created?
Can a software developer in India move to tech sales and have a successful career? (I have 3 years of experience in development.) Are there any suggestions for doing this?
What problems have you faced from only knowing high-level programming?
How does one get into a career of software security?
How do software companies find more partners?
Should I continue working at an MNC as a software engineer, or should I join GDS BPM?
What is the dress code of engineers in various software companies?
Which cost should I keep an eye on in order to keep the overall cost of software development down and why?
Should I go with computer science as many software engineers are being fired from companies recently?
Under the April 2017 Trump tax plan, should software engineers become one-person corporations?
What are the problems faced by humanity that can be solved by developing software?
What are the things I should know in Python in order to work in Google as a Python software engineer?
Which university has the best master's degree in software engineering?
How can an experienced software professional use his skills to contribute to society in India?
How do you explain to a layman that creativity is an important part of software engineering?
What is the importance of back end systems?
As a software project manager, how can I motivate my team to get the best outcome from my team?
Are Manning Early Access (MEAP) books better than O'Reilly Early Release?
What are some thing that a software developer must know?
In what kind of software development does IQ have the least impact?
As a graduate applying for a Software Engineer position at Cisco, what programming skills do I need? In what language are Cisco devices written?
What should be the strategy to develop a software?
What type of programming does a tester need to do and which programming languages are needed to be a good tester besides the testing tools?
What is the difference between refactoring and re-engineering?
Is there any API to get a list of all software companies?
What languages are required to become a developer?
How do project managers control the scope of software development projects?
What is the significance of gPROMS software?
Which MBA I can opt for in distance education after an Mtech in software engineering?
Is it worth opting for SWE at the SRM main campus in 2017?
What would be the better career choice among software developer in a start-up or TRMS on Amazon?
Why is it harder for a woman to land that software developer job?
How do I move from a software quality engineer profile to software pre sales?
What should be my plan for 2 years, being a fresher database developer?
How do I design a product catalog for a software company?
What are the names of the software companies which intake students from the University of Florida?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays?
What are the best podcast episodes you've ever listened to as a software engineer?
Why do software professionals lose interest in their careers when they hit their 40′s?
Where can I find the best developer for Poynt?
What will be the software companies’ prospects in the coming years?
Why do some developers at very large tech companies like Google and Facebook write poor software?
How many people suffer from depression, in the creative industries?
Is there a way to have a point-of-sale sync with your server?
What is the best composition of a senior developer and a junior developer in a project?
What course should be done to enter into a good manager/admin role in IT, without being technical or a developer (coding or language)?
How can I get a job developing vehicle software?
What do people at Apple think about Microsoft?
What should be the RAM for engineering to run software like SolidWorks?
Which is the better field for an engineer, finance or software?
How can I get new clients for Web/software development?
Which one is easy, software engineering or engineering?
What is the difference between a software developer and a software programmer? Which job is the best one to get?
Which is the best software company in Coimbatore to go for an internship?
Why is the Janadhar Election software important?
What are the types of Traditional software testing?
Why should we study physics and chemistry to become a software engineer?
What country gives the highest salary for software engineering?
Which engineering is best for me to program software?
What should I do in my first 90 days at my new job as a software engineer?
Is screen capture editing a good idea for a final-year software engineering project?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What is the use of a reliability study in software engineering?
What are some other jobs that software programmers can do if he/she loses his/her job due to recession or any unavoidable circumstances?
What regions of Australia are currently available for software engineers who want to apply for a 190 visa?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
What's better to pursue, a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or software engineering?
Is there any good Ophthal software?
Which field has more growth: digital marketing or software development?
What is the salary for a senior software engineer in PwC Australia?
As a software developer, do you ever fear new colleagues will take over your position?
How can I improve my focus, become less lazy and more organized?
How can I find a software architect in Zurich?
Who will give outsourcing projects for software development?
What is the math that I need to know as a software engineer?
Is 6 months of experience as a software developer enough to find a better job with a hike in pay?
Alan Kay, could you give an example of when software development has driven hardware development?
Where should I live as a new grad software engineer at Google?
What else can be done when you have been to a software training institute?
At what stage are a sequence diagram, a use-case diagram, and a data flow diagram made in the software engineering process?
How do I get into MS in CS at IIITH after 2 years of experience in software at MNC?
How many lines of code are in .NET Core?
What is some software that’s related to civil engineering?
Why is there a need for software testing services?
Which is best, an MTech in integrated software engineering at VIT Vellore or a BTech in software engineering at SRM Chennai?
Is it like winning a million US dollars if you can crack the Google software engineer?
What are the biggest causes of product delays (software)?
What is the quality of most of the software engineers in India?
How do I develop IT for the automation of SME purchasing?
How are constraints specified in the UML diagram?
What are the requirements for switching jobs for one with a 2-year experience in software testing (manual)?
Just got a new laptop, what software should I install for web development?
What software development processes are used in a university laboratory that is a small group?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
What project or company uses the waterfall model?
Is there a website development or software field in the Dell company?
If a software developer didn't meet the deadline how should a good manager respond? Does pushing developer to work For long hours a right thing to do?
What's it like to work at Amazon as a quality engineer in the UK/USA?
What is the best companies for flight procedure design software?
If actuaries have to be lifelong learners, what is it that they're learning? Do they learn at the same pace as software developers?
Which is the most popular accounting software and why?
How are employment opportunities in Halifax, particularly for IT manual testers?
How likely will it be in 4-6 years for a computer science major to get a job as a software engineer? How will the pay look?
Is web development driving out software development?
Should I leave the IT field?
What is the best way to find a mentor/partner to learn software development? Is there a platform/community for it?
Which software should you have to practice for CCNA?
What should a software engineer learn to be at the managing level?
Can I switch to the software field from the teaching field?
How do chemical engineering, IT, and software engineering compare on the bases of job opportunities, salary, etc.?
How difficult will it be to modify and use Uber software stack for asteriod mining?
Is there any paid software than can track inventory for resources allocated for a project to different sites rather than for sales?
Who is the best competitor to Chegg who pays well for an software engineer?
If you work as a software engineer, what do you do? Why did you decide to take this job? What are the positive and negative aspects of becoming a software engineer? How can someone obtain the necessary knowledge to become a software engineer?
How do I start a career as a software engineer from being a manual tester with 4.5 years of experience?
Will Deep Algo allow non-coders to visualize complex code? Will such an innovation disrupt and greatly reduce the need for software developers?
How do I a get promine software for education purpose?
As a new software engineer, why should I stay at a company for longer than one to two years?
Do software developers often take long leave to learn new technical skills?
Can a Google employee change his department from marketing to software? Are there any internal job postings?
How many years should we have to work to get a good salary in the software field?
What is the future scope of software development?
In the USA, how much does a software engineer make from working for a tech startup?
When should LinkedList be used over arrays?
What are the differences between the regular scheduled AP test and the later test date one?
If I am interested in software which program should I accept, CE at Waterloo, CS at Waterloo or software engineering at Mcgill and why?
Would you still want to become a software developer if you know you are not smart and will never get a job at top tech companies like Google?
What is the expected salary for an ASP.NET MVC software engineer with 1 year of experience in Chennai and Bangalore?
I study master program in software engineering, I want to improve myself in Java, what should I do?
Why doesn’t IT (software) have an employee union like other manufacturing industries?
Is it better to become a software developer now or in the future?
How does an automation test engineer in IT (software) earn more than a manual test engineer in the same field?
Where can I find exclusivity agreement sample for a software company?
How can I crack the licence of Redmirchi software?
I'm a software engineer in the Bay Area. What is the best way to find mentorship?
When planning a software project schedule, how much time should I reserve for writing tests?
What can I do to improve my work life? I’ve been a software developer for over 6 years in the Bay Area. I have completed my master’s in CS.
How do I find a good software development company?
How good is Wintel software?
I feel like I should go for Data Science and sometimes for software engineering as I love data structure and algorithms. What should I choose?
What is the best way to structure an Android team?
Our software expert, who has been handling our software for years, wants to quit. How do I replace the whole system?
What job should I choose during hard times for software and IT?
Is there software where we can give the name of the products with its rate and its ease of use?
Is there a tool that lets you mirror a git repository into Google Cloud Storage?
What is the best way to learn a new software platform?
Where do I study for software engineering in India?
How does a senior software engineer with Java background get a job in Tower Research Capital?
When does Accenture start their campus drive for associate software engineers from the current batch that is passing out?
How do I become a software engineering team lead fast?
How can we survive in software testing in today's IT industry, because most of the software testing employees are fired?
How can I be non-egotistical as a software engineer?
What percent of software engineers are contractors and has it changed over time?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
Did you ever meet a software engineer from your company who inspired others to be successful in the IT field?
Do American companies and startups hire Europeans with Bachelor's degree in CS for software engineering jobs?
Should I become a software engineer or not?
Can an electrical engineer survive in the software industry without knowing C and data structures properly?
At the age of 40, can I get a software job?
What OS is suitable for a freshmen software developer?
How do I implement feature matching in MATLAB?
What do software engineers do for their source code?
If you could go back 20-30 years and make one change in a software design, what would it be?
What is the importance of software process models in software engineering?
What would be my salary after 10 years in Adobe if I started as a fresher software engineer in India?
If the BSA believes a company is using pirated software, do they have the right to search the company's computers without a court order?
Why do titles such as "senior software engineer" or "principal engineer" exist at software companies?
What is the average salary of a software developer with 5-10 years of experience in Brisbane, Australia?
Some people have said that to be a software engineer one has to be humble, but most software engineers are the opposite of humble. Why is that?
Why is there a need for software development outsourcing?
How do you migrate database data without any downtime?
For an aspiring software developer without a CS degree, what certifications will look good on my resume?
What should I expect from a company as a junior developer out of college?
What should programmers know about Kubernetes to take full advantage when writing software that runs on it?
Can we copy any paid software?
How long will it take me to make six figures in UK or USA  as a contractor software developer starting from a college level education?
Which career will be better in the future in terms of pay - a software engineer or digital marketer?
Can a bachelor of biomedical engineering do an M.Sc in software engineering with a 3.23 GPA?
What are the seminal papers in software engineering that everyone interested in the area must read?
What are the software skills and tools needed to become an Android freelance developer?
How do I sell artificial intelligence software to a company?
What is the best career move for an experienced programmer who wants to save the planet?
Which course can I choose for my master’s if I have a Bachelor's in Engineering (automobile) and worked as a software developer?
As an aspiring software engineer, why do I need a GitHub account?
Is it too old to become a software tester at 35 years old?
Can software get back its boom in the US in the near future?
What are some good career related, online discussion forums to join for the software engineering field, as a professional?
Is there any drag & drop software creator like Scratch?
How do I master the art of googling as a programmer?
Is a master’s degree necessary in China for a software engineer?
What kind of companies use C as their primary language in software development?
How many hours do working professionals aspiring for the CAT manage to sleep? If they sleep less, how do they manage to work productively at the office the next day?
How do I start my career in software testing after graduating with a degree in computer science?
Why are there more layoffs in the software field?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Cape Town (Milnerton)?
As a software engineer, should I focus on getting a multitechnology, jack-of-all-trades kind of experience or master one technology experience?
How hard is it to grow into a developer role from another department?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources by clicking a button in a software?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
On what basis do companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or any top company decide on the pay package for the software developer roles (for someone with 1–2 years of experience)?
Of all the things that your solution will do, what should you be developing on your own?
How can NLP help a software engineer create an additional income stream?
How do large organizations like Google and Microsoft structure their software development teams, given that they have multiple products?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
Why does Apple sell hardware with software they don't support anymore?
How does a product manager provide specification to engineering team?
How can I find a systems engineer who has an embedded and C++ background for an RTOS in Silicon Valley for a very stable R&D-driven company?
What should I do in my major project? I am a CSE student and I have done training in software testing.
How does a software development CA enhance a business?
For engineers who left their job to pursue an MBA, how is life after an MBA?
Is it possible for physicists to spend the majority of their time writing code?
Is it true that nearly one lakh software engineers have been laid off by companies? Will this affect employment opportunities in the next two years?
Which are the outdated software developing technologies?
What are the best agile software development firms in London?
Is it advisable to join SPJIMR Mumbai (marketing) if one is already earning 9+ LPA (software engineer)? My specialization preference is marketing only.
What are some suggestions for iPhone developer career growth?
Is it bad practice going above your manager to get design decisions from your customer?
How does a tester work?
What percentage of software engineers (with at least 5 years of experience) in the Bay Area in CA require visa sponsorships or H1B transfers?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
If I have no relevant degree and no prior experience, what are good certifications to break into web/software development with?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
I want to start my startup for software development, Where can I get projects (except freelancing websites)?
Is this software job better than other jobs?
Which content should be included in a software-testing portfolio?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
How have the traditional Marxist ideas of 'property owners' and 'workers' changed with the advent of business software?
How is the software engineering branch in SRM KTR?
How would you redesign the world wide web protocol and formats?
Can I use InterviewBit as a fresher to prepare for software development roles? If so, what do I need to do to get referred?
How can I become an ESL teacher from a software engineer?
How do I impress readers through my resume's objective?
How much software engineers are earning nowadays in Canada?
Could you become a software engineer with a BS in Mathematics?
Is Pascal still used in professional software development?
Are microservices the best option to avoid technical debt?
What are some good video tutorials on design patterns in C++, Java and Python?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
How do Indonesian software (web/mobile) agencies develop software? What current frameworks, tools, etc. do they use?
Which laptop is the best for software development if my budget is only 35,000?
What is the impact of “DevOps” on QA?
Is interning or working at Uber very beneficial for your future software engineering career?
What level of IB subjects (and what subjects) should I take to pursue software engineering in College?
What if the software developer plans to join a government job? Is this a good idea or just a bad one.
Is it appropriate to bob your head in the rythm of music at work as a software developer?
What are the important Methodologies in Agile software Development?
What is the cost of developing an intra website messaging function, like what you see on LinkedIn? Also, which software is used?
What is it like to transition from a product engineer to an infrastructure engineer?
Should I accept a job that will help me grow as a software engineer or a job that is less professional in its practices but has a team I like?
What kind of problems do AI solve today and what will be the role of software engineer in an AI based software world?
Can I do multiple jobs if I have more than one interest (i.e. automobile designing and software developing)?
Who should you pay more, the back end engineer who creates web APIs or the engineer who architects and develops the front end?
Do “senior developer” and “good developer” mean the same thing?
What are the Microsoft sites used by software developers?
What is the exam conducted by Google to recruit software engineers?
Is this the right time to switch jobs in the software industry?
What are the best practices for business verification in Agile software development, especially Kanban?
Should I choose artificial intelligence or software engineering?
Where do I learn software architect course in India?
Will JavaScript ever get useful binary operators for objects?
What degree does the VIT offer for M.Tech software engineering courses?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
What are the characteristics of software development outsourcing?
How much will I need to spend if I am after developing the next best software to be globally used?
What forms of virtualization exist?
Can I still become a software engineer if I got very bad grades in college?
How much time will it take to learn C# if I already know Java?
Can we start and operate a tech platform with less than 5 engineers?
What should we consider when we need to develop cultural products based upon storytelling techniques?
Which of the following are available in an SRS document?
Personally, what do you do when you're working on a professional coding/software project and you get stuck?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Why most programmers prefer Mac rather they can get better performance by paying less ?
What is the best software to make a Toon movie?
Is it possible to study software engineering if I have studied automotive engineering?
I'm thinking about taking a high school programming and software development course. Is it worth it?
What are the different business that are linked with the stock market (e.g. brokerage firms, mutual funds, etc.)?
How is an average day for a completion engineer?
How can I become a Visual designer in a software company?
I'm a graduate in arts and a working professional. How can I become a software developer/programmer?
What sort of tools do 3D developers write for themselves in companies?
What is the typical hourly consultant rate for a good software engineer in Seattle?
Which well-renowned software was developed in C#?
Has anyone ever applied to a software engineer role in person?
What are some good software companies in Bangladesh with a good work environment and a decent salary?
Which tech companies are middle to lower-middle class-focused?
Are there any software developers that skateboard in New York?
Is it fine to bring my own keyboard to an internship in software engineering (I like mechanical keyboards)?
What is the role and responsibility of a Director of Engineering in product companies?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
Till which age, generally, do software developers code in India and the USA?
I have been programming for 2 months & have a highly experienced software engineer willing to mentor me regularly. How can I best utilize their help?
Are physics and chemistry necessary in the life of a software engineer?
What are the most important software and programmes for a civil planning engineer?
What is flow of Dropwizard application?
What reverse engineering tools do we have to apply on big code bases to know what they are doing in as much detail as possible?
What should be the salary for a software developer (ASP.NET) with 4 years’ experience in Ahmedabad?
Is the value of IT and software engineers in India going down?
In a certain code “late” is written as “vgzo”. How would “shine” be written in this code?
How can a new grad from India apply for a Software Engineer role at Works Applications (off-campus opportunities)?
What kind of skills are required for manual testing, and what are the role and responsibilities of a software tester?
Is struggling with engineering problems (Computer Science, Maths, Physics) improves the brain (Critical thinking, problem solving abilities)?
In a subscription software company, what are the best practices and in-between alternatives to handling prospective customers’ perpetual license demands?
As of May 2017, how many Indian software engineers are in Amazon Seattle campus?
What kind of a software application can fetch money from a CA?
How good is 75,000 Canadian dollars for a software engineer with six years of experience in Mississauga, Canada?
Is it true that software engineers can only work until the age of 35/40 because they then get fired by their companies?
What is effort in software engineering?
If there is one book that you have read and would recommend that everybody should read it, what would it be?
How many people working in Amdocs would refer a fresher software engineer if I ask for reference here on Quora?
If I sincerely want to be a web developer, where do I start?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
Is there any way, besides sending mail to HR, to apply for software engineer positions at Paytm (one 97)?
What are the pros and cons of developing software from the top-down and from the bottom-up?
Which is the best MBA option for 3 years experienced software engineer?
What is the general hierarchy of software engineers​ after getting a job?
Is Sundar Pichai a software engineer or a software developer?
How do we can deploy a complete custom design of AWS resources just by clicking a submit button in a software?
Can a software licensor withdraw a lifetime licence? What happens to the licensee’s rights?
How good would you have to be to get paid $3 million a year as a software engineer?
Where should utility/helper functions be placed in an Angular2 app?
What are the 7 wastes of software development?
How do I manage the coding/development of my idea?
Which are better in terms of salary for a fresher: product-based software companies or service-based software companies?
Which tool category provides the benefit of covering the entire software development life cycle?
Why do companies require high-quality software in business systems, industrial process control systems, and consumer products?
How do I get a job in two days at a software company with no experience? I completed graduation in 2011.
What interview questions should I expect for a software development interview?
Why are software developers more brilliant than testers?
What are some of the countries with the weakest software development skills?
What's the difference between a software engineer and a software development engineer?
How can I become a really bad software developer?
Why is there no software for GoAnimate?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
What are the biggest software failures?
How many types of agile software testing are there?
I have completed B.Com with 48% marks. Now what should I do next to get a high paying job?
With the increase in automation, is the need for developers decreasing? Should I choose my career in software development or data science?
Which place is better for software testing courses, Bangalore or Pune?
What are the job responsibilities of a junior Drupal developer?
What do you think about the increase in the number of software companies? Does it affect the software field?
Is my idea for an Engineering Consulting and Contracting firm a good idea?
Do you use reviews or trial and error to choose your business software?
What are some smart goals for a module quality software engineer?
What is the difference between normalization and joins?
How do I develop an interest in coding and developing without getting bored?
How can I transfer from software engineer to finance?
How can I get into Google as a software developer?
How can I create a combination algorithm software?
What is scalability testing in load/performance testing?
What is the usual total compensation per year for a software engineer to work at Google, in Silicon Valley, and on Wall Street?
What are some examples of software products that lost market share when the need was addressed further up the stack (i.e. in the OS, for example)?
Which field should I choose, software engineering or IT engineering?
What’s the best dashboarding platform or software out there right now?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
What are the design bugs in software?
Is a bachelor in division software engineering department of innovative information and technology the same with a bachelor in software engineering?
Recently, I joined a software firm with a healthy salary and benefits, but I now don't feel comfortable there. Should I quit or try to continue?
What are your top problems/requirements when it comes to deciding on software house to build a software for your company?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What is the role of a software developer in Infosys? Do they really develop or just copy-paste from Google?
What is the best software for management of my services, my regular talks with my clients and, most importantly, my reviews & progress?
What are some of the commonly used design patterns while developing applications using latest technologies?
Does Quincy Larson and his team at freeCodeCamp have plans to expand to domains outside of web development?
Is it good to work in Technia Transcat in Mumbai for a software engineer?
What are the prerequisites to start a software company?
Which book I have to prefer for software engineering?
Which should I choose to host an XMPP server, between the Google Compute Engine and the Google App Engine?
What computer jobs are needed in Germany?
What does the term COE mean in software incident?
What are some websites to search for existting software codes?
What are some of the software projects you started at home?
Can I still become a software engineer if I fail the basic and advanced data structures and algorithms courses in college?
How do I prepare a resume as a software developer when I have 1.5 years of experience in software manual testing?
Can a software engineer settle in Dharamsala?
Is software engineering a good career choice in Pakistan?
Software and Applications: Is there a spell checker that 'improves' your spelling?
Will I be asked C++ specific questions if I have listed it on my resume but the job description says I should have experience with Python, Java, or C++?
Which software process model is considered to be a good paradigm when you encounter a difficult deadline that can’t be changed? How do you justify your choice?
Which field is better, government jobs or the software field?
Which program should I do after software engineering, an MBA or a master’s in science?
What are the types of system software and application software?
How do I select the best dev shop for my startup's mobile app?
Which degree is better for game design/development, computer science or software engineering?
What is the hardest software to program?
How do I apply for remote software QA jobs?
Is it sensible for an Indian software professional of 9 years experience in programming to switch to machine learning?
How is ECE helpful on the software side?
Is CS50 worth it if I already have 4 years of experience in software development?
Can a PMO in agile environment become the Product Owner?
What is the software engineering challenge of TCS? I have already registered for that course, but how will I complete it?
Is there software that reminds me to write a tracklog for every hour of work at the desk?
Where can I find a site that tests me on non-algorithmic interview questions for software development?
Is it possible to access my XAMPP local web server from any device on the same network?
Does automotive software have to comply with DO-178B/C standards ?
If I get a web application developed by a software company, how do I make sure that I stay the owner of the software?
In today's software houses, which technique is commonly used to estimate their software?
What would be a salary comparison between an Artificial Intelligence software engineer, a Machine Learning software engineer, and a software architect?
Should I remain in programming if I don’t like UI?
I'm looking to learn how to code (as a non technical person). I work in sales at a software company. What concept or language should I learn?
Do we learn coding if I am a software engineering student?
Is there any guide for making a software testing tool?
What should I focus on if I want to become a Web architect or Web engineer?
Currently, I am working as a Java software developer in Cloud Foundry. Where can I see myself after 3 years? What will be the growth rate?
As a software engineering manager, what would you do if you found out that your team member is interviewing with another company?
How much would such a software project cost to develop?
What is the best degree for a software engineer in India?
What and how should I write in a letter to my GL if I want to switch my role from development to testing internally in a project or better release me in TCS?
How is a certificate from the University of Washington in software product management?
What are we supposed to learn in software engineering?
Do junior programmers earn more than junior engineers?
How long do I have to be prepared before interning as a software engineer at Facebook, Google, Amazon, etc.?
What is the main challenge of a product metrics and the metrics for requirement model?
In programming, are large projects just several modules put together?
Can you work full time and study software engineering at the same time?
What is the UIX used on the site Drinki when you get to the list of bars? What is that software called, or the skin?
How are the job prospects and opportunities for a software engineer in Kuala Lampur, Malaysia?
What is the best approach when developing software between Agile or Waterfall?
How much percentage of software engineers from India are employable?
As the software industries are moving to AI & digital platforms & cutting jobs every year, thousands getting unemployed, what must IT professionals do?
What benefits do JUSPAY software developer interns get? Do they provide any gadgets? What about free food?
What does a person mean when he says that he is a software developer?
How do I get software outsourcing opportunities for SME companies?
What are the technologies we learn as part of our training as software engineers at FactSet Hyderabad?
Are there any practical books that show the following topics of software engineering?
What will a CEO do if he/she found that the technical skills of the CTO is even weaker than an software engineer intern?
How long does Xperia software repair take?
When you enter a non-tech company and there are little coding standards, what are the things you have to do/implement to deliver quality softwares?
Is it possible to build a Facebook-, Instagram-, or Quora-like app using REST API?
What did you do to make your software career better?
What is tilos software?
In stackoverflow's 2017 survey, it looked like full stack and web developers earn less worldwide. What is a better subject to focus on?
Why do most software developers suck at algorithm-type interview questions?
Is software development not a good job for females? If not, then which one is the best field for a female candidate, b.tech in CS?
Is it useful to have a personal website being a fresher software engineer?
How does the coupling and cohesion affect the software?
How can I check the quality of code I have written?
How can I get settled in Zurich (Switzerland)? I am a software engineer from India with 4 years of experience.
Where can I find an appropriate sample software design document for Java photo editing software?
What do software engineers do? How is that related to the country's economy?
What is the most valuable thing in the IT field that is worth learning and will not become obsolete (and can be "sold")?
What was the best idea that came to you in your software job? How did you apply it?
Is embedded software programming and normal software programming quite the same?
Is it possible to build a Quora-like app using AWS Lambda?
What is the best software for fluid simulation? (life-like)
How powerful would a smartphone have to be in order to run a neural network that can decide the severity of a tumour?
Would an alternative pop band made up of software developers be popular in today's world?
What are the principles for metrics characterization and validation?
What are some examples of accidents or problems illustrating the importance of formats or protocols interoperability?
If you're a software engineer, after working for some time at a company, do you ask for a raise/promotion or do you just wait until it's given?
How can I change my career to a Workday HCM Consultant from a software tester?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
What is the best software company in Aurangabad?
What is best way to negotiate my salary if I am a software engineer moving from Egypt to Germany?
In which programming language were Adobe After Effects and Photoshop written?
What is the hottest trend or technology in software testing?
What is it like to be a back-end engineer at Facebook?
How is the life of a software engineer in Mumbai?
How hard is the transition from Web Development to Software Engineering?
Why are there so many software developers in US and China?
Which software become a failed software in 2016?
How should I shape myself to get a job at SpaceX as a software engineer?
What is the database structure of theatre seat booking websites like bookmyshow.com?
Software Testing: Which major companies are using Quality Center and what for?
Which is the best preferred laptop for programmers and software developers?
How do I start a software company with a low buget?
Which people are considered as the best customers of a hardware/software development companies?
Is PHP, Python, or Ruby best for backend programming?
How common is Trello used in software development?
What base salary should I request for an entry-level software engineer position in northern Virginia?
What are the categories in software engineering (web design, animation creation, etc.)?
What is the best startup these days, other than software companies?
If every piece of software in the world was programmed by the same person, how much more compatible and good-performing would all of their software be?
Can you give me some tips to become a good software engineer like send MOM after meetings?
What are the avenues for a software engineer to earn more money?
Are 3 A's in A-Level enough for admission into Computer Science or Software Engineering at NSWU or USYD?
How can I establish a UML class diagram that represents all classes and their relationships?
While hiring, why do IT/software companies categorise freshers and laterals, even though a fresher can possess better coding skills than a lateral?
When you are responsible for a delivery, how do you deal with your colleague, who always escapes his/her tasks and never completes her task as expected?
Microsoft release software patches and updates for its OS products. Name the framework activity for this process?
What are the best backend frameworks and why?
What is the work culture like for software engineers at Bloomberg LP?
How do I tell the difference between fake or real software companies?
Should I go for programming classes or classes relates to information technology and software?
How can I become a QA tester in India ?
Do software companies look at your college/university degrees a lot?
Which degree is better for being a software developer?
How can I be a smart software engineer in Central Asia?
Where can I get some excellent sample resume for SDET (software development engineer in test) upto 2 years of experience?
How much can I expect to earn from RIT software engineering co-op terms?
As an international student in Canada, which aspect of computer engineering will earn me a hardware engineering or software engineering job?
How much salary per month should a software engineer get in New Zealand?
Which is better tech support or development?
Which is the best country to live for a software freelancer?
What is the salary for a software engineer at Credit Suisse in the North Carolina area?
Is there any software that tracks staff uniform sizes and dates of issue?
What is the difference between software engineering and computer science?
What are some ways to start back end programming?
What is my next step as a software engineer?
What are the steps to complete a software project?
Is there any major software company that exemplifies either Google or Microsoft? Upon which basis or what educational qualifications do they hire employees?
How can I write code for RSU in Vanet?
How do I create a custom software?
Can a mathematician become a software tester?
What tool is in high demand in the software industry in early 2017?
How does your team collaborate on QA testing?
At Directi, why are there 2 tech rounds for an application engineer position unlike for a platform engineer position, which has a single tech round?
What is a business called if it offers software and web development for commercial companies?
How can I train myself for software development?
How do I build a software product with a non-technical background?
Where in India should I study software application development?
How has understanding compilers helped you as a software engineer?
Which design pattern have you used most in your career?
What should I prepare for a Capgemini software developer and analyst interview?
How many software companies are there in Vizag?
How would you model a human?
Should I do MS software engineering in Canada or in UK for job perspective?
Can you name 20 greatest computer and software programmers in the world dead or alive?
Is there any engineering in which I can make anything (drones, software, electronics, etc.)?
How are programs or software able to change the working of a computer or any machine?
How is the software engineering department of Jadavpur University?
Which software is most suitable for civil works bidding & project cost monitoring in India?
Whats the best book or resource for API service design?
How much does the ETABS software cost?
Will having a humanities degree limit my chances of finding software engineering jobs even if I am competent?
What are the best resources to teach yourself mathematics for software engineering/computer science?
Is there a software to visualize and compare your skills/career path with other professionals?
Is there a software that I can use to take campground reservations?
What is the best software for taking online tests for students?
Is $85,000 too high of a base salary to ask for when searching for software engineering positions in a new state (Seattle, WA)?
Which university should I attend between University of Manchester and University of Sheffield to study Software Engineering?
How do I get a job at the age of 33 as a fresher in software testing?
What do employers look for in a software engineering intern?
How do I get started with algorithmic trading (using Zerodha API) if I am already a software developer?
What should I do in college to get a job working for Xbox as an engineer (hardware or software)?
Does having a software job with an electrical engineering degree affect an H-1B visa?
95% of engineers in India are unfit for software development jobs, according to a survey. It is true?
How is the life of a software engineer at HSBC GLT and where do you see yourself after 2-3 years of working there?
What are types of hardware and software solutions for business for all purposes?
Has anyone had experience using Fred Lam's eCommerce software building tool called "Zero Up"?
Should I give up on my dream of becoming a software engineer because of outsourcing?
How does a real-time online hotel booking engine work? Is there a central software system that companies like MakeMyTrip, etc., use?
If you're writing software for your own learning and your portfolio, is it a good idea to err on the side of cleverness over clarity in your code?
How can a Mexican embedded software engineer (4+ years of experience) get an embedded software engineering job in Europe/Australia?
Does computer science deal with game development or software engineering?
How difficult really it is to work as a software developer at Netflix?
What is a software designer?
What are all the computer related jobs?
What are some bad software designs?
What are the common defects faced by a tester in software testing for an E-commerce application, and what is an example of this?
What advice do you have for a junior data scientist to get better in software development?
If there is software engineering, is there such a thing as hardware engineering?
Can you pursue certification courses in Nashik? Will the count there worth for software engineer?
Can a software engineer get a job in Seoul?
Where can I get a detailed comparison of software and hardware products? Is there any kind of aggregator?
How do you teach yourself to become an elite software engineer yourself, if possible?
How I can get a software developer job as a fresher having no experience?
Is the software development market oversaturated?
Why should I build a trustworthy software?
What are tips regarding joining a new team as a software engineer?
How do I program a sandbox for testing software (I really want to learn)?
If I am from the EC branch, can I join a software testing course or not?
What are the best books to prepare on software design patterns and data structures with C#?
What is the truth and reality for software engineers in IT companies in India? What advice do experienced employees give to newcomers coming out of college?
Should a developer solve other developers' bugs?
What is the software engineering course like in a B.Tech?
How can I develop my technical skill in polymer engineering?
Is there any software development life cycle model for mobile app development?
Which is better for an experienced software engineer: MBA or ME after BE?
What is your net worth as an Indian software engineer in the USA?
Are general Linux users more productive than Windows users on software development?
After the new H-1B visa regulation in April 2017, are software engineering jobs supposed to be easier to find in Silicon Valley?
What is the average salary of a senior software engineer in Saudi Arabia?
Why does automation testing consume less time?
Does a Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science prepare you to be a software engineer?
In spite of being in NYC, why doesn't Bloomberg pay its software engineers like Silicon Valley companies do?
What is the best domain software and why?
Is there still anything obsolete left in the market which can be improved by an app?
Does Bloomberg negotiate new grad software engineer salaries?
How do Indian software companies bid for Indian bank software projects?
What software exists that is able to study internal companies marketing?
Is coding used for software testing?
What is the difference between original and cracked software?
Which chapters are important in CTCI for new grad software developer position?
What should I choose for Computer Sc Engineering: Lovely Professional University, Phagwara (Jalandhar) or Chandigarh University, Gharuan, Punjab?
People who have worked on large functional code bases, what's not better?
What are the most essential skills/software to earn by freelancing?
What all important certifications should a software development company have?
What would be the position of software companies when automation comes into the picture?
Do you agree with an architecture team in a tech company?
What does network platform software engineer do?
Is a mechanical engineering student being in a RFID development (web software) internship worth it?
What is the salary range at Honeywell International Inc. in Bangalore for a senior software engineer with 5 years of experience?
How do I become a full stack software engineer?
Why is LeetCode so important for a software engineer?
Would you switch from sales to an IT or software engineering career?
How much should a senior developer balance entertaining naive junior developer ideas versus dictating how things should be done?
Should I take Calculus this summer or wait until Fall, when an awesome professor becomes available?
What is a good explanation of the implementation and design of billing software in Java?
Which software is used for generating cause and effect flow graph in software testing?
What is MathLab software?
What is the required documents list when you resign/switch your software developer job, regardless of location (which I could represent anywhere)?
Does an assembly line work style improve productivity?
Does job security carry any significance in today's world, because people say that good/hardworking programmers are rarely fired?
What are the names of those sites which will pay someone if they found a software bug in it? Is Quora one of them?
I'm in 1st year ECE but I have more interest in CSE. What should I do?
Does Flexport use a domain-driven design approach on its software?
How do you support different environments with a single build artifact?
How do I land an entry-level software engineering job at Quora?
What's going on inside Flipkart at the moment?
Do you know any good website/app to learn English for a software engineer or just for an IT worker?
As a software developer what is your best resource of everyday learning?
What is the maximum salary a 5.5 year experienced software developer can have in Pune?
What skill sets does a developer need to build collaborative writing software?
What is software architecture? How is it? What should be done if you want to learn more?
What are the best traits to learn at the Ameerpet software hub?
What language is the best for a database for log-in information?
How do initialization and destruction work in computer science?
What laptop should I get for college (software development)?
As a fresher software engineer and presently working in an organisation for 10 months, what career path should I follow to be better?
Should I join Pinterest or Twitter today as a software engineer?
Is it possible to open an hdf5 file (.h5) in GrDAS?
How would my career be if I jump from the defence domain to the industrial domain as an embedded software design engineer?
Which city in India has the most talented and quality software engineers?
How can I find if anyone on Quora has a job for a process engineer? I have 7 years of experience.
Is it worth it for a 45-year-old holding a BSc Computer Science and ACCA to do an MSc in Software Engineering?
What is your net worth as a software engineer?
What knowledge is important for getting a job as a software developer as a fresher in 2017?
How long is needed to apply for a work permit in the UK for a software engineer?
How's the work at Amazon Bangalore for cloud support engineer (Security)?
I'm a software engineer working in Pune. I'd like to utilize my weekends for a good cause. Are there any NGOs that I can join?
How do you run several microservices locally?
What is the best way to monitor the internet while I'm looking for customers for a company which makes software and hardware solutions?
How can I be the best software engineer?
I completed M.Tech Electronics. How to become software developers?
Assuming I have a small team of very skilled software engineers offshore, how can I provide development and/or consulting services to US companies?
How can an 18-year-old boy get into event management?
What type of software developer writes the most code?
What is the best technology for a software engineer?
How should I implement my chat application?
Is software testing field good for making career?
Is Apple exploring smart city technologies and implementation opportunities and to what extent?
What is a good career move for a software developer with 1.5 years of experience who wants to pursue an MBA in information technology in an increasingly technological world?
How much would it cost for software developer to create an ami on AWS?
I have 5 years of experience as a developer and don't hold interest for the same. What are the other options that I can explore in IT industry?
Which software is good for making AMV?
Which software should I be good at to be a competent statistician?
Can an impatient person become a successful software professional?
What are the best software tools that have more jobs?
How much do you normally charge hourly/weekly/project price for software/hardware development projects requiring 3 or more developers?
Are developer teams doing TDD and refactoring as they go really exists?
What's the most cost effective software maintenance solution for a php written social network automation tool?
How is it like to be a tester even after having good skills in development?
Are professional web developers ever looked down on for not being software engineers?
Is the VIT M.Tech (software engineering) integrated course good and preferable?
What computer engineering work cannot be done remotely?
What should I choose for Computer Sc Engineering: Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, Ghaziabad; or Chandigarh University, Gharuan, Punjab?
Does IT include software programming?
Who are the best software testing professionals in India and in the world?
Why are salaries so low in France and in the UK?
What do you call the first software developer on a project?
Can I do MS in software engineering in the USA with a green card & with a BS in electrical & electronics engineering from India with no GRE/TOEFL?
Which company has developed hardware and software for Smaaash in India?
What are the different levels of software engineers at Samsung?
In the Indian context, how is office politics different between IT services and software product companies?
How does the software coding profession differ from professions like engineering and medicine?
Can I get a software development job after getting a BCA degree? I am currently doing an MBA in marketing.
In the distant future would engineers and computer programmers be the evolutionary standard as we transition to a more technological race?
How are computer viruses made?
How do you write a letter similar to writing software code?
How can I inspire my customers by having a good travel technology?
What are your daily activities as a DevOps engineer in your current project?
What is the software engineering industrial practice micro-degree provided by TCS?
How do software engineers profile their code in order to improve/optimize performance?
What programming jobs require more intelligence and creativity than speed?
Are there any good free resources for beginners looking to get into software synthesizers?
What is your software startup inspiration story?
Is there a correlation between software/game designers and social scientists?
If you were to put a constant as a performance cost for the following task, how much each would it be?
On long-term projects, how do you keep track of what needs to be done, by whom, and when?
What are the different software Levels at Airbnb?
Is I/O always a side-effect?
What is the best strategy for entering the software engineering industry if money is a concern?
How can my friend who is being "starved" out of a software development team gain leverage?
In the Indian context, how is the 'office politics' typically different between an IT services company & a software product company?
What software engineering skills get paid the most?
Why is QA known as "Breaking SW/Things" rather than detectives of SW?
Is it possible to create a machine that can code and improve through hardware and software itself?
Are there/will there be more career opportunities in networking or software development?
Will my career prospects be impacted negatively if I decide to get a degree in digital media design instead of software engineering?
How do I get a job as a software developer? I hold a PhD in Mechanical Engineering and I’ve done a lot of hardcore theory development and numerical methods.
Why is there no real struggle in my life? I am a 22-year-old female working in a software firm in Bangalore with a decent package.
What are the scopes of electrical engineers going for software development in India?
How do I test software or an application before it is fully developed?
As a software developer or programmer, what kinds of accounts do you follow on Twitter?
Can one switch to IT (not necessarily software development) from sales & marketing?
What are good handover processes during software handovers?
How can I calculate the productivity of an algorithm?
What are the most important subjects, software, and skills for structural engineers?
What are the finishing touches for one man software projects?
What are the best tools that are worth learning in the software industry for a good IT career?
What is the best book for learning Ruby in 2017?
What are the skills required for software testing?
What is the difference between int *myptr++ and int * (myptr++) in C?
What is the salary of a computer and software engineer from III in India and in the USA?
Will free lifetime software upgrades negatively affect sales?
What is currently the best path to get back into software development?
How can I get an IT (software, system, network) internship in Asia ?
Which country is in dire need of software developers?
What's it like working at Shure Inc. as a software engineer or DSP engineer?
How do I prepare to get a software engineering internship at a good company next summer?
How do Facebook and ad tech companies verify impression aggregation (automation testing)?
What should I prefer to join as a sr. software engineer, KPMG or Fidelity Investments?
What are the different software levels at Twitter?
What are the job responsibilities of a research and development application engineer in a big brand like Google?
How can I get into software testing in 3 months?
What software can I use to analyse lots of screenshots for specific words, like "vortex"?
Being an EE student, which one would be better, a CDAC internship in software development or an industrial internship in BHEL?
What is the cost of natural resources that a software engineer uses in a year?
Who gets better opportunities in IIM, CS students or IT students? Which course deals with better software programming and website making?
Can I switch telecom companies after a software job?
How is the work environment in Syncfusion software company (Chennai)?
What does it take to work as software engineer at a Great company like Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc?
What cognitive biases are software engineers particularly susceptible to?
What is your software developer shame?
What is the use of Digilent software?
What are the steps to become a senior software engineer at Apple Inc. in California?
What are your favorite automated malware unpackers?
How do I build/document sales processes for a software development company?
I have graduated from my commerce studies. Which field has a wider scope, software testing or DBA?
Which course is best for becoming a software engineer?
Why doesn’t an employer appreciate their software developers?
Software is created for specifically for two customers. Time is running out and product must be shipped. Which software testing would you focus & why?
What is the role of the software development operations profile at SAP Labs in Bangalore?
How is software engineering at NCIT? What is the fee structure and process of applying?
How is an M.Tech in software engineering at Jadavpur University?
Can QA testers do unit testing?
Is it right to build commercial software dependent on other companies’ APIs?
What should I do when my boss asks for an image editing task while I am focused on a programming task as a software developer?
In Indian context, how is the office politics typically different between an IT services and a software product company?
Why is it difficult more to hire developers than other positions?
Has anyone ever switched from recruiting to software engineering in a large tech organization?
What skill set should a junior programmer have?
How do I get "product management" experience? Currently I work as a full-time software engineer for an MNC in Bangkok. I have 6 years of experience.
Is it correct for a single team to own multiple microservices?
How much is the salary of a software engineer in Ola?
What field should I choose to do a Bachelor's degree in - Computer Science or Software Engineering, in order to became a professional software developer?
How do I get a software developer job after a 10-year break?
What are the common mistakes that a software tester must avoid?
What is the best way to get a job in software development with no degree?
How much software skills are required to get into a startup company?
What base salary should I request for an entry-level software engineer position in New York?
Is there a difference between being experienced with multithreaded, concurrent or asynchronous programming?
How do I use software like Siri to generate information overlays to avail myself with any knowledge I may need in a visual format in eyewear?
Is a software engineer internship at a lower-tier company a better option than a software developer internship at a top tech company if I want to work as a software engineer after graduating?
What are the front-end and back-end in software?
What is the best software development field to pursue?
I am developing a festival planning software but want to start an association and want this to be included for members. Is this allowed?
While developing an application among a team, how would you ensure your team follows and implements secure coding?
Is it possible to switch career from networking to a software programming after 4 years of experience?
How much money can be earned in software engineering in Nepal?
Why are most senior software engineers more than 35 years old?
If computer computations are deterministic, why is computer software often in-deterministic and buggy?
