Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
What is your successful startup story?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
How can I become influential?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
How do I make a project of a startup?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
How is working for a startup?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
How risky is it to start your own company?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
What are the successful startups in your region?
How do I form a team for my start up?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
What do you know about startups?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
What is so great about Elon Musk?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
How do you execute well?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
Can a company have two founders?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
How is your startup going?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
How do startups know how to run a company?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
Any good names for technical startup?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
What startups need to grow?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
How can I prepare my future customers?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
Is Elon Musk boring?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
What are the highest growing startups?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
When do you decide to close your startup?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
How does a beginner make a startup?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
What is a social startup?
Speaking financially, how do startups start and end?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
What minor problems can be easily solved?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
How much should we have for a startup company?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
How do I define the success of a startup?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
How should founders vest their shares?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
Why should you start your own company?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
Who is the Mobike founder?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
What is structure of CO?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
What does Elon Musk look like?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
Are there startup learning tools?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
How much do CEOs make?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
How do founders get paid?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
How do I become a company CEO?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
How does Wanderu make money?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
How do I write a business model?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
What is an IoT startup?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
Who founded mathpix?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
Why do some startups win?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
Who was the founder of sound?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
How much should we value my startup?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What are some successful startups?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
What is Musk afraid of?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
How should I start working for my own startup?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
Who is the founder of Acer?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
Have you started your own app development company?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How many people are on a start up team?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How good is the network at Elon?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What do virtual assistants do?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
Where were you when you found success?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
What makes a great startup name?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
Which is the best ever startup?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
What's the strangest successful startup?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
How is virtual assistant useful?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Who was the founder of NASA?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
Who found the batmenton?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
How can I handle my startup?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Who is the founder of HP?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
How can one empower the startup?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
How does one start up as a FBO?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
How can one find a startup team?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
What podcast has made you smarter?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
What do investors look for in a founder?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
Is Smartron startup a success?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
How much should startup founders get paid?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
When will we use Quora?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
What do investors look for in a founder?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Why should you start your own company?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What do virtual assistants do?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is structure of CO?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
Are there startup learning tools?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
How many people are on a start up team?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
How do you execute well?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
What makes a great startup name?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
How much do CEOs make?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Who is the founder of HP?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Any good names for technical startup?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
Is Smartron startup a success?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
Is Elon Musk boring?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the highest growing startups?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
What is a social startup?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
How much should we have for a startup company?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
How can I become influential?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
How is working for a startup?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
How risky is it to start your own company?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
How do I form a team for my start up?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
Which is the best ever startup?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
What does Elon Musk look like?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
What do you know about startups?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
How good is the network at Elon?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
How is your startup going?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
How much should startup founders get paid?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What is an IoT startup?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
How do founders get paid?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How can one empower the startup?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
Why do some startups win?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
How do I define the success of a startup?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
Who was the founder of sound?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How do I write a business model?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Who founded mathpix?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
What is Musk afraid of?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is so great about Elon Musk?
What are some successful startups?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
Can a company have two founders?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
Who found the batmenton?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
How much should we value my startup?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
When will we use Quora?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
Speaking financially, how do startups start and end?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
How do you build a successful startup/business?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What is your successful startup story?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
How is virtual assistant useful?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
How do I make a project of a startup?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Have you started your own app development company?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What podcast has made you smarter?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
What startups need to grow?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
How do I become a company CEO?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
What factors is yo be consider when choosing a co-founder?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Where were you when you found success?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
How can I handle my startup?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
How can one find a startup team?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
How should I start working for my own startup?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
How does Wanderu make money?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
What are some companies or investors, like Lok Capital, that are willing to invest in agriculture startup ideas?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
How can I get my pending salary from a startup?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
What are the examples of most dumbest startups, that become successful later in its years?
How do I quit a job I just started?
Who are some well-known serial entrepreneurs in Andhra?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
Is group buying dead? Why?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
As an ambitious and young entrepreneur should I learn coding?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are the topics of entrepreneurship?
When is the right moment to stop a project as a social entrepreneur?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
Can a corporate lawyer explain some aspects of business to a new entrepreneur?
I have an app idea. Which website will help me to find genuine co founder?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
If the entrepreneur’s goal is to monopolize a marketplace, then why do so many people want to start companies in the tech industry?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
Will people now think twice before joining a startup?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
How will entrepreneurs spend their weekends?
What are the areas for entrepreneurs in Electronics Field?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
Who was the founder of Hindi?
After selling your first startup, site59.com, to Travelocity in 2002, what was the first big-ticket item that you bought?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
Would any entrepreneurs be interested in meeting in Ahmedabad for food and to talk about business?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
Who is the founder of Chenab Group?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
What are the (dis)advantages of having multiple companies doing one thing each (Elon Musk) vs. having one company doing a lot of things (Google)?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
Is it mandatory for new entrepreneurs to get a CRISIL rating to register as new entrepreneurs at MNRE?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
What do you consider to be the most valuable asset in a startup?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
What are some ideas of startups for a Startup Weekend?
Should my co-founder be as good and involved as I am into my startup?
What is the ideal number of directors a startup with $1–10 million in funding will have?
What can I learn in 10sec about being an entrepreneur?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
Which entrepreneur do you respect and appreciate the most, and why?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
How can I be an amazing entrepreneur?
Where can I find the email of Travis Kalanick, Garret Camp, and the CEOs of Lyft, Postmates and Handy?
What are your points to be considered while starting a Education Start up?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
What is the best idea for a one-man internet startup in Healthcare today?
How does a startup founder avoid the trap of babysitting every detail of projects that people are working on?
Are entrepreneurs more likely to cheat and gamble?
Should I do CA to become an entrepreneur?
Do startups in China face more or less regulation than startups elsewhere in Asia or around the world?
What do Indians think about Elon Musk?
What is your advice for a nontech person starting a tech startup?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Is Kimbel Musk taller than Elon Musk?
Can I get Jimmy Wales contact information for startup idea sharing ?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
What are the problems faced by an unregistered startups?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
How much harder do you think your life would be, if you were a startup founder battling government corruption on top of everything else?
How will a start-up visa work if there are two or more cofounders outside the country?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
What title is suitable for a young founder on name card?
Is Elon Musk a narcissist?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
Steve Jobs was a very product-focused entrepreneur. Is this trend outdated, and if so, what’s the "next thing"?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
As a startup founder/software developer/VP of Engineering/Product Manager, how do we stay updated about the latest research that help in our product?
How important is finding a (investment/entrepreneur) mentor? What are the qualities of a good mentor? How do I find a mentor?
Who founded paper?
How do I find startups, non-profits, or mid-sized companies interested in working with students on collaborative coding projects?
Is it possible to get funding for a non-local startup if you live outside of US and can't afford Silicon Valley trips? Are there such examples?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
What would be the best way to get advice from experienced entrepeneurs regarding your startup?
What do all successful entrepreneurs have in common?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
Can I become advocate and entrepreneur at the same time?
As an entrepreneur who started out with little money, how did you fund your company?
Can one join a company as an employee while he/she is the director of his/her own company?
What other fields of business could use a business platform like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb?
How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder to build a startup from scratch?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
As an executive, business owner or a serial entrepreneur, what are your top 3 challenges?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
How many startups started after 2014 in India?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
What do Indians think about Steve Jobs?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
What are 3 things you must know as a new full-time online entrepreneur?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
How do I start a company in the United states with a co-founder in India?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
What path should I choose to become a tech entrepreneur?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
What drives entrepreneurs?
In which area of agriculture can I become an entrepreneur in North India?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
What is the reason you want to build a startup?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
How would you have acted if you were Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
What are the important things for entrepreneurs to do when starting a company?
How Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are able to do things successfully, whatever they set their eyes on?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
What steps can I take to become a nutritionist?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
Do most startups distribute shares to all of the employees when they are going to the next round?
For the years that I worked for someone, I was putting on an act, and it was only when I started my own startup that I enjoyed myself. What is wrong with me?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
Which startup founders have court cases against them for erotomania, such as paedophilia or are paedophiles ?
How much equity should I get as a co-founder rejoining after a two-year gap ?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
What is the secret behind coming up with great ideas and how do I learn it?
Can you name a few successful young African American entrepreneurs? Preferably Millennials
After the startup weekend, should I rebuild the team?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Where can I find a template for a technical cofounder offer letter?
Does studying for the ACCA help in starting your own business, such as being an entrepreneur?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
How many shares and/or salary can I give a Cofounder/CTO? The platform is 70% developed by my paid freelancer web developer.
Is there any networking events for tech entrepreneurs at Silicon Valley that is held on weekends regularly?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
Is it a coincidence that some of the most successful tech entrepreneurs attended ivy leagues / great universities?
What are some things that entrepreneurs should know before starting a startup?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
Who is the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses?
How can I explain to a newly grad with no startup experience that a 15% equity position for doing nothing other than ideating is very reasonable?
How do I find a cofounder without losing the idea?
I'm looking for a technical co-founder in Dubai. Where can I find one?
Why does Elon Musk rent a house?
An investor sees a team of a startup. Is it a must to give equity to all of them? Can the team members be employed?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
What tinyowl co-founders are doing now after merger with runnr?
What is some good advice for startup founders who want to hire and retain the best employees?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
What are the demographics/psychographics of entrepreneurs starting tech or other growth-oriented companies?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
How can I be taken seriously as a teenage entrepreneur who has already had success?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
As a founder, should I also invest money elsewhere?
How does every entrepreneurs ease their life?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
Who is an entrepreneur and what kind of job does one do? If someone tells me that he is an entrepreneur, what should I understand from that?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
How was your experience with the Hatchery Summer Cohort at the University of Toronto?
What is a startup prospect?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
I'm thinking about traveling for a little bit after finishing highschool to clear my mind and find more friends, where should I go?
What are the successful startups Who made significant contribution to society?
What should an early stage San Francisco based startup know about paying a full-time remote (outside of US) team member?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP? Whats your opinion?
Why do most startups fail before they even succeed?
Why Elon Musk said flying car cannot be consider as an alternate of road traffic?
Who is world's successful CEO and why?
Who are some highly successful technology entrepreneurs who graduated from Cal Poly Pomona?
Is it possible to start an online delivery service, without logistics knowledge?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
For a startup, what kind of information about users and market that I need to know?
Did Elon Musk really pour 100% of his money into Tesla and SpaceX or he put 1-2 million dollars aside?
How can I become someone like Elon Musk?
Why isn't Quora of all places more supportive of the idea of an entrepreneurial President?
What would Uber look like if Kalanick resigned and Elizabeth Warren were CEO?
How can I deal with sarcastic persons in my Startup team?
What’s the main objective of an Entrepreneur,profit making only or solving peoples problems through the service he or she provides.
We can all agree that starting a new business without market research is dangerous. So why so many entrepreneurs don’t make it?
How do I find a co-founder or partner for a startup in Lebanon?
Which IIT has produced the most startups?
What is the possibility that Elon Musk will be one of the crew for the new SpaceX moon swing-by mission?
You are a manager and you want to hire a UX designer. How do you choose him?
Why was it a bigger deal that the CEO of Uber was working with Donald Trump, but not so much that Elon Musk is?
Is Elon musk's team of SpaceX smarter than NASA?
What will Adam D'Angelo become if he is not a founder of Quora?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
How do I go about registering a startup in India, initially without any co-founders, but making provision for some in the future?
How would Jimmy Wales improve the public school system?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
How does Elon Musk find time to tweet?
Do 500 startups invest in single founder startup?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
Why don't Mark Cuban or Bill Gates, or someone like them start something revolutionary again one more time?
How many startups have you worked for/on, so far?
Why doesn't Elon Musk incorporate a Conglomarate with SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla instead of 3 saparate companies?
Has anyone asked to work for Jimmy Wales?
How should I prepare myself to be a startup founder in the UK?
How do we respond when sued by ex-founder for unpaid wages in California?
Is going to business school worth it to become an entrepreneur?
How big of a problem do you think startup burnout is for startup founders & entrepreneurs?
Are most billionaires just shareholders or "entrepreneurs", in other words, business people who own a lot of stocks? Does it matter how they acquired those stocks?
Was Larry Hoover founder if GD a Muslim?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur without college? If so where is the best place to start?
How would Jimmy Wales react if there was an entire wikia dedicated to him, and only him?
Is Uber CEO Travis Kalanick a total lightweight?
What is the best bachelors and masters for an aspiring entrepreneur?
What is hindering the growth of entrepreneurs in India?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
How do I become a startup entrepreneur?
What should I do if my co-founder is not working as hard as I am?
Will Uber CEO Travis Kalanick be able to effectively lead the company to success after the multiple scandals that hit him and Uber in 2017?
If there is three quality all entrepreneur should have please tell us your three important quality?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk's remark referring to an impending need for a welfare state due to future advancements Super A.I?
According to Jimmy Wales, how will sleep help me excel in life?
Why do so many startup founders come from Stanford?
Should startups have an office?
Which Indian colleges provide the best support to entrepreneurs?
Should I be an entrepreneur or an employee? I'm 23.
What does imagination mean for Jimmy Wales?
What does James Altucher think of Elon Musk?
What kind of co-founders are more likely to cheat the founders?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
Does Jimmy Wales own a machete?
Is there any founder or CEO of a well established ecommerce website for clothing and accessories on Quora?
What is it like to work with a Mediocre slogging technical co-founder?
What are the benefits and downsides of being the first service provider in a new market?
I'm the main of 4 cofounders and am about to invest $100k in our startup. What's the best way to structure things so they are fair for everyone?
How often do startups turn into multimillionaire companies compared to non-startup companies?
How do you appoint and compensate a CTO if he is not a founder director?
How can I switch from Infosys to a product based company (where I can do lots of coding) within one year after my Infosys training (98% on programming)?
In which sector should you not start a startup today?
What are the best examples of successful low tech startups?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
How did you find a co-founder/team for your startup?
What is Jimmy Wales favourite book?
What are some differentiating characteristics between Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
Where can I find the best entrepreneurs to help me start a company, or to be guided and learn from them?
Is It necessary for a startup or a company that's private to write a letter and indicate the reasons why they close to the public?
Do people like Elon Musk, the late Steve Jobs and Richard Branson know about and watch stuff like Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Friends, movies, and porn like normal people do?
Why do employees leave startups for big brands?
What significant changes would we see if Elon Musk did not exist?
Is it a good thing to never take any life advice from people you don't want to be like and take only from those who you would want to be like?
What are some issues black women face when trying to become entrepreneurs?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
Do Jimmy Wales appreciate Jim Carrey?
What was the first answer that Adam D'Angelo wrote?
What would happen to the USA if Elon Musk became the POTUS?
Adam D'Angelo, how should I prepare myself so that I can join your company?
Did Jimmy Wales’ Wikipedia account face a sockpuppet investigation?
How does an inventor get into start-ups without an entrepreneurial nature?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite and most treasured philanthropic moment or act?
What is it like to be the CEO of a tech startup without any coding experiences?
Do entrepreneurs need college?
What should I do to become an entrepreneur after my graduation?
How do you conduct a seminar for all aspirants who wish to be entrepreneurs or masters of their own businesses?
What is Elon Musk favourite book related to startups?
Can I use the idea of my old company to start a new by removing two co-founders?
What are possible (realistic) responses to asking for charity or guidance from a CEO in the limelight whom you have never met but deeply respect?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
What's inside your work backpack as a startup CEO?
Should all co-founders get a CxO title?
How and where to find tech co-founders?
What problems do you face while running your Startup?
Can you be a successful entrepreneur with a non-violent criminal felony in your history?
Where do I will get flexible packaging like kurkure and lays chips in Maharashtra and Karnataka?
What are some successful tech companies across the globe which has solo Founders ?
I would like to launch my startup but I do not know enough great people, what should I do?
What helps an entrepreneur to have better status in society, being a helpful person and philanthropist or having an attitude and command over others?
What are Ashton Kutcher’s secrets to keeping productive with all of his projects?
Being a tech-founder, I have zero technical friends to have as a co-founder, How can I find one?
What are some of the most pressing problems for startup founders in terms of mental health?
Is JP Maroney the founder of Harbor City Capital, Florida?
Which MBA is preferable if my aim is to be an entrepreneur?
Which would be a better founder/CEO for a startup company selling air fresheners, Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
What is the scope of the entrepreneurship-based training of NIESBUD? Do they help Indian women in establishing themselves as entrepreneurs?
Would Elon Musk ever venture into Time Machine?
Is Jimmy Wales, a down to earth personality?
What should I do to become a lawyer and an entrepreneur?
What role did hair transplant play in Elon Musk's success?
What is the best way to explain a failed startup on your resume or LinkedIn profile?
How should/can I become entrepreneur?
Our hurdle is currently distribution of our product. What channels am I missing or should be pursuing to grow our startup without a strategic partner?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
Who is Jimmy Wales and what inspire him every day?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
Which is the youngest company founded in the world?
How can a civil engineer become entrepreneur?
How can Mars be "warmed up" as Elon Musk implied during his September 2016 presentation?
How can we bring an end to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
Why does Jimmy Wales not support young teenagers who have entrepreneurship qualities?
Does Quora provide any special access to Jimmy Wales?
Will Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick be fired for his treatment of a driver?
How much equity should a tech co-founder ask for?
Can Elon Musk take us to Mars? If so, would it be in a Tesla rocket spaceship?
How can startup founders control fears: out of cash, product adoption, and especially failure?
Where can I find founders who need a remote developers team?
Are there any groups in India for aspiring food entrepreneurs?
What is it like to have co-founded a startup with your spouse?
If most people you talk to think your startup idea is bad, how do you know whether they are right or wrong?
Who is the founder of Carlson?
Should I contact others CEOs of successful startups to look for advice or guidance to build my startup?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
I want to start my own start up business in software industry. What should I have to do first?
Can you provide help in finding founders of successful B2C SME businesses?
If you believe that you have a very good idea but are unable to bring it to market, is there a way to profit by selling the idea to someone else?
What questions can you ask wantrapreneurs to help them realize they are not entrepreneurs?
Do I need to prepare for JEE if I aspire to become an entrepreneur?
What magazines would Elon Musk subscribe to?
What might the idea have been in the mind of Steve Jobs before launching the iPhone?
Is there a problem with starting a blog without a topic?
Is it necessary to have experience in a managerial role in order to be a successful entrepreneur? To what extent is it helpful for setting up a new startup?
What should be the attitude of an entrepreneur among people he is meeting for the first time?
Who is the founder of Quora and what was his/her purpose of the service?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for an automobile startup?
Would you advise going alone or looking for a co-founder when starting a business?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
What makes an entrepreneur choose the area of her specialty?
Who are some famous women entrepreneurs in Hyderabad?
Which banks allow one to open a US bank account for a Delaware corporation as a non-resident?
How should I continue with my Kickstarter funded business?
Is it important to be a graduate in order to become a CEO?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
What are your experiences in working with startups other than eCommerce or App based startups?
How should I distract myself from good paying job offers a founder of a bootstrapped startup?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
Is it necessary for budding entrepreneurs to get work experience?
What are the few amazing stories of Indian entrepreneurs who were college dropouts?
Is it a good idea to give my technical team weekly sessions about entrepreneurship?
Who founded Divya Chetna Satsang?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
I'm a new entrepreneur. How will creating systems help me?
How can I get in touch with young entrepreneurs around me?
What the top 20 entrepreneurs in the world answered, when they were asked how they became successful?
How do dev roles in startups change as the startup grows?
When will Jimmy Wales meet Narendra Modi?
How much equity can I give from my startup that would still keep me in control when the startup is successful?
How do I know that I have what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are the basic needs for a perfect startup?
Who is the founder of INA?
Are tech start up entrepreneurs mostly a bunch of Well meaning neoliberal libertarian anarchists who are only interested in making billions?
Does Jimmy Wales believe that the internet can be provided free of cost, worldwide, in the near future?
Who are some great under-20 entrepreneurs in India?
How can I (as a teen) develop the major skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
What should I do if I am running out of money in my bootstrapped startup?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
Why are most founders from Stanford?
What are the best resources for a non-tech entrepreneur to learn coding while building his startup?
What caused Robert Westermeyer, the founder of habitsmart.com, to drop-out from his psychologist career?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
What is the most successful non-tech start up in the last 10 years?
Why are there so many Elon Musk fanboys when all of his current businesses are unproven and may never succeed?
What advice would Adam D'Angelo give to other young entrepreneurs who want to start their own companies?
How good would Elon Musk be as president?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
How do I stop comparing myself to other successful young entrepreneurs?
Can you name the students from St. Xavier School, Bathinda who started a company?
Why is Elon Musk digging tunnels under Los Angeles?
Which of these majors should an entrepreneur chose: Accounting, Marketing, Economics, Business Law, Management, or Finance?
I want an ex IIT student to be a co-founder in our startup. What are the groups/blogs/message boards where I can post this requirement?
Who is Quora’s founder?
Have you found it difficult to get press for your startup?
How much a start up CEO makes?
Is Elon Musk planning to go to TRAPPIST-1?
How do I find co-founder/s who love reading a lot?
Are you nurturing young entrepreneurs under your wings?
Do you reach out to celebrities or famous people to see if they are interested in joining Quora (Elon Musk, Katy Perry, Tim Cook)?
How do I fire my co-founders?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
Is it feasible and worthwhile for a non-technical startup founder to learn to code, enough to build the software's architecture?
How do Bill Gates and many other founders maintain control of their companies, even after their shares got diluted to being a minority shareholder?
How hard is it to make a startup company successful?
How do you work a lot, like Elon Musk or any CEO, and still stay healthy so that you don’t even get the flu?
What language should I know before starting a startup company of my own?
How does Elon Musk feel about what just happened in Benghazi?
What is an inspirational story of an entrepreneur who navigated harrowing roadblocks to get a vision or dream started?
From where did Rakesh Gangwal founder of indigo airlines got money to start such a big airline?
What is the best major to study if you want to become an entrepreneur?
What adds real value to your startup?
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Who would you choose to be your Business Partner and why?
Is it possible to become a successful entrepreneur in today's world?
Who is the founder of edutap?
Which are the activities and books that can help me to be a successful entrepreneur?
If we can build tunnels under cities like Elon Musk said why can't we build homes?
How effective are blogs, white papers and social media for B2B selling with annual contract values of US$ 200K –1 million?
Which represent you best - being a writer or being an entrepreneur?
How much equity should I be getting if I am joining a prefunded startup as a CTO (non founder) in India? See details.
What things should one keep in mind while pitching a startup idea?
Who are some loner/reserved/no-friends tech founders?
How many cars does Jimmy Wales own and which one of them is his personal favourite?
Should a generic pharma company be built next to a bulk drug-API mfg. company, and will there be any tech. & environmental issues if they are built next to each other?
How many hours did Elon Musk use to work when he was starting Zip2?
Would Uber be better off in the long run if Travis Kalanick were no longer CEO as of February 2017?
Can you list examples of successful non-US and non-EU startups?
Who has a better lifestyle: a successful actor or a successful tech entrepreneur?
How do I start a startup sideways while working in a another company?
Is fashion a good industry for entrepreneurs in 2017?
How can I become intellectual and well versed in things I care about, like Jimmy Wales?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
How would Mark Zuckerberg go about becoming President?
What tools do entrepreneurs wish to find online?
Did great minds like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, have high marks when they were in school?
Is it possible in India also, to become successful billionaire entrepreneur like Elon Musk who got success with his Ideas only ?
How does one go about finding government grant opportunities for startups in the US?
What is the best way to grow my web based startup's online presence?
What advice would you give to a new entrepreneur?
How do you quit school and go straight to university?
What startups are well known for starting without customers?
How can I find a co-founder for an AI research startup?
Which college major teaches you to get the most out of your money?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
To what extent do top entrepreneurs share day-to-day business details with their spouse?
Did Steve Jobs make fortune on the backs of children?
When was BWFS founded?
What are some startups that are working on "Turboxtax for X"?
How can I successfully date a Pisces guy who is also a triathlete and entrepreneur?
What would be a good startup/franchise near Nashville, Tennessee?
Is it possible for an entrepreneur to get along with non entrepreneurs? (I talk about ideas, they talk about people & things)
I want to start my own business, but I'm afraid I will hate the type/industry, what should I do?
Is it harder to become an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley now because of the rising cost and demand?
I started working for a startup where my CTO is 1 year younger than me, what can I learn from such condition ?
Are there any teen entrepreneurs out there in India?
What are the important things you need to be an entrepreneur?
What skills should an aspiring entrepreneur learn?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
Can you tell me why in the past you decided to be either entrepreneur or investor?
What should I study at university to become a tech founder?
As the CEO and founder of a new startup, is it ok not to ask for any salary, in order to get the startup going in its first phases?
Can I know exactly what is a startup?
Why don't India have awesome tech giants like the US & mind boggling startups like the Tesla, SpaceX etc?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
Who was the founder of Uber?
Where can I find a co-founder based on industry experience?
What are ways to become an entrepreneur at a very young age?
In India is it possible for an under age to be an entrepreneur?
What are pros/cons of being a cofounder? What are the financial/legal liabilities especially if the startup fails?
Did you "Mark Zuckerberg" anyone like you stole credit?
How do solo-founders deal with their startup while pitching for funds?
What are the pros and cons of single-founded and co-founded startups?
What is your advice for a 20-year-old engineering student for building a startup?
What learning paths and implementation techniques did Adam D'angelo and Mark Zuckerberg follow to learn to code?
Why won’t the founder(s) of Samsung be remembered quite like Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniack?
What is the best storyline to provide a technical status update to a CEO without the technical terms?
Is it wrong when a person with a tech background thinks of quite a non-tech startup?
Would you say that Mark Zuckerberg is a good guy or doing good things?
What are the basics of a startup?
Did you dream to be a entrepreneur since childhood or when? Can anyone become entrepreneur by chance?
What is the main reason of failure of a startup? Why does most startups have hard time scalling-up
What roles would you say a start-up needs to fill and how important are each?
Do you agree that startup founders must sacrifice almost everything they have to focus on building their startup?
How do I run or launch a startup while in college?
Is Elon Musk the most valuable and creative person in the World right now? If not, then who is?
Is entrepreneurship only meant for techies?
Can only streetsmart people become successful entrepreneurs?
How do I know if my ideas are realistic?
Is business development the closest thing to being an internal entrepreneur?
What should I sacrifice to become a successful entrepreneur?
What does a successful, smart and already wealthy tech-entrepreneur look for in a women whom he would want to marry?
What region on Earth has the best business opportunities for hot-shot, boot-strapped, IT or software developer SLASH entrepreneurs in 2017?
What made Elon Musk an innovator?
What is the entrepreneurial style of bringing ideas to life through tangible plans called?
How do you learn the skills needed to be a CEO in a startup?
If you are a female entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle when it comes to nutrition and fitness?
What should be the caliber of first employees in a startup?
What startup does Adam D'Angelo look upto in 2017?
What exactly Startup is?
What would be your first thoughts about me if I told you I deleted Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat but kept my 8-10 daily newsletters and Quora?
Does a founder risk bankruptcy and losing his money in a private company? Doesn't he make a non fluctuating profit?
Can I use GoDaddy to host my startup?
What has your experience been like as a woman entrepreneur in a male-dominated sector?
Who is the founder of Accor?
What is your advice for young entrepreneurs?
What advice would you like to give future entrepreneurs?
What are the steps to become entrepreneur electronic?
Who are some good entrepreneurs to research?
How do you solve the size problem in a dress rental service?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
Founders: Did you utilize a brand strategist when you initially started your company?
How do young entrepreneurs build companies without having working experience in the corporate world?
Can a foreigner be a co-founder of a company in the US?
What are Adam D'Angelo's tips for startup founders and CEOs?
What are your advice you'd give to young age entrepreneur?
What do you dislike most about Steve Jobs?
How can I meet Elon Musk for even 1 minute?
Who are Elon Musk’s top competitors?
How important is loyality when you are an entrepreneur?
Which are the most successful African startups?
Why did Steve Jobs only had 10 billion dollars when he died?
Is Technology is the only way to become entrepreneur nowadays?
What is your take on building your core team and what was your strategy for hiring early employees?
How should I present my requests to my co-founder?
Which incident motivated you to become an entrepreneur?
What does a Non-technical CEO of a startup do?
If Elon Musk can build a space company from scratch, why can't India make its own Fighter jets?
How do I select co-founder who has very less technical knowledge?
Does Mark Zuckerberg have something personal against Spiegel?
What is your best marketing advice for an entrepreneur who is from technology background?
How many co-founder should we have? And why?
What would you advise a genius entrepreneur with no clue how to get his products live and run the ship himself, if he had to work alone?
What would be one thing you would suggest an entrepreneur must have?
How can I create an app for a startup?
What key skills must a tech startup team have in order to succeed?
Should I continue my project, even if I find out that it was completed abroad? See details.
What is the best startup you have discovered in 2017?
What do you really need to do to make a startup successful? What do you need to do to make your product live and other jobs?
What experiences in your young adult life led you to become an entrepreneur?
How do you conduct a stake out?
When did Elon musk become successful?
Who are some highly successful entrepreneurs who had terrible high school grades and/or terrible standardized test scores?
What are some examples of women entrepreneurs who have built Unicorn companies?
How do I define founding stakes in a new company?
Would it be wise for a founder/CEO to sell all their shares if the company is failing?
How do I choose and develop a product for startup?
What is the difference between an entrepreneur in the 1% and an ordinary person in the 99%?
What are your biggest time wasters in your startup or business?
What are the online courses should I take to become a successful entrepreneur without an MBA?
What is the problem with an idealist and an early stage entrepreneur trying to execute their idea? What if they can pitch directly to an industry expert, VCs, or an angel?
What are some on the startups you think have a great potential in the coming years?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
What are some less encouraging examples of failed startup founders? Where are they now?
Which psychological characteristics do you find imperative in determining the success of an entrepreneur?
What would happen if the BORG asimilated the founders (shapshifters in DS9)?
Where is the start-up hub in Dublin?
You are given a choice to either hire Steve Jobs or Steve Wozniack. Who would you hire and why?
I co-founded a tech startup and we are building an app. An angel has recently invested £50,000, what is the value of my 40% equity?
How should I co-found a startup with American partners?
How do you define the startup stereotype?
What would be the percentage of my share as a founder and non-investor?
Who is the founder of Shell Oil Company?
How much technical knowledge do founders need?
How well did Caltech prepare you to be a startup founder and CEO?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
Can you really make a startup with $0?
Would these startup founders get an equivalent pay package if they applied for a job in a Fortune 100 company?
What top qualities does a startup CEO have?
Who is the founder of the Times of India?
What are some startup secrets that every entrepreneur should know?
What is the process to be followed after I found a startup incubator program that suits me if I have not developed the product yet?
Which field has the potential for launching startups in the near future?
Why are IPOs important for aspiring investor-entrepreneurs/intrapreneurs?
When should Startup have a board members?
How did startup founders execute their ideas?
Should I form a startup that break the norm?
What is the difference between "cofounder" and "part of founding team"? Can I call myself either one when I exited in 9.5 months and hold no equity?
Do you need technical background to start a tech startup?
What is the startup code?
What are the problems Elon musk is having getting a better range on his cars?
What would be a valuation model for app development agency?
What are the three main things a CEO of a start-up should do?
Why do a lot of people keep thinking Elon Musk is just a good marketer and businessman?
What is step- by- step guide for an aspiring entrepreneur who is at idea stage?
Everyone claims to be an entrepreneur. Many are proud to hustle. What is the best way to cash in that trend?
Who is the most fearless entrepreneur of all times?
What is the best way to communicate with tech staff on what you want to build, as a non-tech founder?
Who is the father/founder of Osteometry?
Does a PM at Uber have a better chance of creating a great company as an entrepreneur?
Where will Elon Musk's tunnel go?
Can a weak programmer become good entrepreneur?
Who can evaluate or provide feedback on my Idea?
What I need to know if I want to be a tech entrepreneur from business background?
How much of a social impact is created by the philanthropic foundation(s) established by entrepreneurs and business executives?
Why did Jimmy Wales go to live in London?
What are the abilities required for being a successful sports entrepreneur?
What are vital skills for entrepreneurs to learn?
How could I create a simple online startup? Includes ideas
Entrepreneurs, I’d like to know what you think of this photography idea?
How do I find an awesome technical co-founder for a bootstrapped startup?
Tell me the truth: Do all entrepreneurs worry that they're taking too much risk and at the same time worry that they're not being big and bold enough?
We are a startup working in the AR/VR space, and we have built a couple of platforms/solutions. Where do we find a suitable mentor for help?
How can I motivate other startup founders to work?
I have $50K in profits to reinvest in my business. Which should I choose? 1) Reinvest in my current operations, or 2) invest in a tangental idea?
Who are some famous examples of hustlers, hipsters and hackers?
What happens if you hire a coder who is better than the CTO of the startup?
What advice do you have for a budding Indian entrepreneur?
What makes a founder amazing and worth investing in?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur in economics?
Which 5 famous people from the 20th century history would you pick to play Monopoly, Charades and Ker-Plunk?
How can I get entrepreneurs to use my platform to build a business team for their startup?
Do people like Elon musk & Bill Gates know a lot about business or do they take advise from people who know more?
When startup owners sell stake in their company and get funding for that, where does the funding money go? Into the company or owners’ pocket?
Is there a course of everything about business/organization development?
Is it possible to be a successful entrepreneur if starting later in age?
How hard is it for Startup Founders to learn how to sell?
What can earn you more respect in India - being an IAS officer or an entrepreneur?
What does the schedule of an effective Founder, CEO of a Product Studio / Agency look like?
What are the main marketing challenges for a startup founder?
How can one find a co founder who has interest in same field I.e cold pressed juicing?
What are some good resources that teaches small businesses and entrepreneurs how to use social media to make a profit?
Are healthcare costs a big deterrent for Silicon Valley entrepreneurs?
How are college dropouts so successful entrepreneurs like Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I prepare myself for building a Billion dollar (Tech) company?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
Why most of the youngsters are going behind start ups?
Did Google founders give any talks at conferences in the first few years?
Could you give some practical advices to help founders getting into Y Combinator?
How can a BBA graduate become a successful and innovative entrepreneur in E-COMMERCE?
What are some good summer entrepreneur ideas?
Does it make sense to create a startup at 48 years of age?
When joining a startup, what attributes do you look for in the CEO?
Would startups give up equity for office space? Looking for Founders perspectives
Are there any Indian entrepreneurs willing to hire for a marketing profile?
Is creating a lemonade stand considered entrepreneurial?
Does Elon Musk know in and out about car designing, car manufacturing, launching satellites, solar cells, programming?
When did you realize entrepreneurship was for you?
What are strengths and weaknesses of successful entrepreneurs?
If a prospective buyer wants to do a code and database review, how do I prepare for this part of my startup exit?
Why do entrepreneurs go to VC and private investors instead of banks?
Before becoming a successful entrepreneur or startup founder, what was it like working in a lower role at a larger company that was not your own?
What can you expect in your first month of launching a startup?
Is there enough space in the world for everyone to be an entrepreneur?
How do founders write their resume?
What are your banking experiences as an entrepreneur in India?
How can I build a startup without cofounder?
Where can I find a like minded person to join me in my start up?
Do founders engineer the product by outsourcing and then gather a team, or have an idea gathers a team and all 10 people are founders now?
Should I put my own money for startup?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur?
How can I decide how much time to spend per week on a good habit such as extracurricular reading?
As an entrepreneur, how do you pass on your vision/idea to people you work with and make them believe in it?
Where do I find a good startUP team if I am an idea-creator?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
Why should I hire a CTO instead of outsourcing the role?
How old were Mark Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates when they started their businesses?
Where can I find some examples of interview experiences that people had before becoming entrepreneurs?
What if you have a start-up and your co-founders are Google and YouTube?
Did Elon Musk patent his reusable takeoff and landing rockets?
What is the main point an entrepreneur should have noticed while struggling (mind set)?
Does Mark Zuckerberg really intend to make a more civically engaged and wiser community?
What would be your ideal team for a startup?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
Who are some famous entrepreneurs from engineering background (and only a few people know about it)?
What is it like to spend some time with Elon Musk?
One of my co-founders is incompetent, and sometimes throws around insults. Is it time to let him go?
Will Elon Musk save human species from extinction?
What could former startups do to build more than one breakout product? Are there any recommended strategies?
What would be a thumb rule for an entrepreneur making a start?
How can I start a sustainable web development firm in a small town in India?
Being an aspiring entrepreneur should I approach incubation center or develope a prototype if I am at idea stage?
When do I need to register LLC or C-Corp in every one state, where I sell ?
How do you know when your startup is viable?
What do you have to give to advisors of your startup?
Can I join army and still become an entrepreneur while being an CS engineer from IIT?
Can I get Adam D'Angelo to review my start-up and offer suggestions?
Would Elon Musk's Hyoerloop concept revolutionize transportation?
How long does it take a startup to get its first paying customer?
How can I find funding for a new consumer information storage service?
Do you have a potential startup project?
What sets apart a great entrepreneur from an average one?
Is "create the illusion of choice" strategy in business ethical?
Which is the best countries to start a online travel agency?
What are the biggest struggles of soul based entrepreneurs? (Light workers, Energy Workers, Psychics)
What are the challenges facing an immigrant entrepreneur?
Who are the co-founders of very big companies but are very less popular?
How does a startup founder deal with spouse who wants to have a long vacation constantly?
Can become entrepreneur without studies?
What is the best way to keep control of a startup if the founder is not the CEO because he is working in another company?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
Space X: Does any employees at Tesla and Space X ever see Elon Musk reading? If so how and what does he read?
Entrepreneurs, what does your spouse do to support you that helps you achieve more success? Do you ask for help, or does he/she just do it?
How do you find problems to solve as an entrepreneur?
How do I find a technical cofounder as a teen startup?
Are successful people both smart and hard working ? Or is one of them is enough to be successful ?
What is the nature of Agreement between founders in early start-up?
If you are starting your startup, Can you drop your introduction here and let each other know what are you upto ?
How can the younger generations aim to become entrepreneurs?
What are the most successful startups in the Books market?
Who are successful entrepreneurs or business influencers to join Quora?
What are the best enterprise software blogs for investors (not founders)?
What should CEO/Founder need to do, to be approached by VCs?
Is there a way to practice sales phone calls (even for free) without getting employed?
Why does Elon Musk think flying car is a bad idea?
When does the CEO get in trouble with the parent company?
What is the secret of people (likes of Swami Vivekananda, Elon Musk) with a photographic memory?
How do I change my title as Founder & CEO after selling a company?
Who is the founder of Team Treehouse?
Is there too much hyper around entrepreneurs?
I want to build a startup with people, but where will we work from with no starting capital?
Why couldn't Steve jobs complete his college education? Give two reasons
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
What should an early stage San Francisco based startup know about paying a full-time remote (outside of US) team member?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
What carriers should entrepreneurs read?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What is the best way to communicate with tech staff on what you want to build, as a non-tech founder?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
Is it wrong when a person with a tech background thinks of quite a non-tech startup?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
Can a weak programmer become good entrepreneur?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
What do investors look for in a founder?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Who founded Divya Chetna Satsang?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur in economics?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What is hindering the growth of entrepreneurs in India?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
What does Elon Musk think about ISRO's launch of 104 satellites?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
What are your points to be considered while starting a Education Start up?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How can you mitigate VC bias against single-founder startups?
How are college dropouts so successful entrepreneurs like Mark Zuckerberg?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Could you give some practical advices to help founders getting into Y Combinator?
What is the story of Elon Musk?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Why should you start your own company?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
What title is suitable for a young founder on name card?
What is Jimmy Wales favourite book?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
How do I find startups, non-profits, or mid-sized companies interested in working with students on collaborative coding projects?
What are some differentiating characteristics between Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Where can I find the best entrepreneurs to help me start a company, or to be guided and learn from them?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
Which incident motivated you to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
Would you mentor an entrepreneur who resides in India?
How can I build a startup without cofounder?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
Where can I find some examples of interview experiences that people had before becoming entrepreneurs?
Adam D'Angelo, how should I prepare myself so that I can join your company?
How does an inventor get into start-ups without an entrepreneurial nature?
Does Mark Zuckerberg really intend to make a more civically engaged and wiser community?
Why do most start up end up before financing?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite and most treasured philanthropic moment or act?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What are some examples of women entrepreneurs who have built Unicorn companies?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
What could former startups do to build more than one breakout product? Are there any recommended strategies?
What stops an online startup from being replicated by a bigger competitor?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What do virtual assistants do?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Do most startups distribute shares to all of the employees when they are going to the next round?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is structure of CO?
For the years that I worked for someone, I was putting on an act, and it was only when I started my own startup that I enjoyed myself. What is wrong with me?
Being a tech-founder, I have zero technical friends to have as a co-founder, How can I find one?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
Can I get Adam D'Angelo to review my start-up and offer suggestions?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
What is the scope of the entrepreneurship-based training of NIESBUD? Do they help Indian women in establishing themselves as entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Does studying for the ACCA help in starting your own business, such as being an entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
What are the challenges facing an immigrant entrepreneur?
How do I find a cofounder without losing the idea?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
What are the demographics/psychographics of entrepreneurs starting tech or other growth-oriented companies?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
What are the difficulties as a graduate to start a startup?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
How do you define the startup stereotype?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
Does Quora provide any special access to Jimmy Wales?
Will Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick be fired for his treatment of a driver?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
What should CEO/Founder need to do, to be approached by VCs?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
Can you really make a startup with $0?
How does Elon Musk deal with his libido?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Are there any groups in India for aspiring food entrepreneurs?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
What is the process to be followed after I found a startup incubator program that suits me if I have not developed the product yet?
I'm thinking about traveling for a little bit after finishing highschool to clear my mind and find more friends, where should I go?
Which field has the potential for launching startups in the near future?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are IPOs important for aspiring investor-entrepreneurs/intrapreneurs?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
Why Elon Musk said flying car cannot be consider as an alternate of road traffic?
Should I contact others CEOs of successful startups to look for advice or guidance to build my startup?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
How apps like Jodel, After School, Yik Yak and Unseen started?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
What are the examples of most dumbest startups, that become successful later in its years?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
What are pros/cons of being a cofounder? What are the financial/legal liabilities especially if the startup fails?
Does Jimmy Wales come off as a pretentious Chardonnay socialist?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Why was it a bigger deal that the CEO of Uber was working with Donald Trump, but not so much that Elon Musk is?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
How does one become a successful entrepreneur? What are some key qualities and important things to keep in mind when growing as an entrepreneur?
How do I know if my ideas are realistic?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What would you do if you had to launch a new startup to profitability and growth as soon as possible?
Who are some famous examples of hustlers, hipsters and hackers?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
How big of a problem do you think startup burnout is for startup founders & entrepreneurs?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
Are there startup learning tools?
How do I know that I have what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Will Uber CEO Travis Kalanick be able to effectively lead the company to success after the multiple scandals that hit him and Uber in 2017?
Does a founder risk bankruptcy and losing his money in a private company? Doesn't he make a non fluctuating profit?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
According to Jimmy Wales, how will sleep help me excel in life?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Why do so many startup founders come from Stanford?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
What does James Altucher think of Elon Musk?
Why can't anyone be as bright as Elon Musk?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
Does Jimmy Wales own a machete?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Can a foreigner be a co-founder of a company in the US?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How can a BBA graduate become a successful and innovative entrepreneur in E-COMMERCE?
Which of these majors should an entrepreneur chose: Accounting, Marketing, Economics, Business Law, Management, or Finance?
What does Elon Musk think about ISRO? Does he feel threatened?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
How many people are on a start up team?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
How do I find co-founder/s who love reading a lot?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What language should I know before starting a startup company of my own?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
How should I present my requests to my co-founder?
Do people like Elon Musk, the late Steve Jobs and Richard Branson know about and watch stuff like Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Friends, movies, and porn like normal people do?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
How do you execute well?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Can one join a company as an employee while he/she is the director of his/her own company?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
How many cars does Jimmy Wales own and which one of them is his personal favourite?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
How do I define founding stakes in a new company?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
How can I email the Facebook founders?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What are your biggest time wasters in your startup or business?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Which startup founders have court cases against them for erotomania, such as paedophilia or are paedophiles ?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
How many shares and/or salary can I give a Cofounder/CTO? The platform is 70% developed by my paid freelancer web developer.
How should/can I become entrepreneur?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
Which is the best countries to start a online travel agency?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
What makes a great startup name?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
What advice would you give to a new entrepreneur?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
How much do CEOs make?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
What are some risk stories of successful entrepreneurs?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
How can I find a co-founder for an AI research startup?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
Can Elon Musk take us to Mars? If so, would it be in a Tesla rocket spaceship?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
What are some companies or investors, like Lok Capital, that are willing to invest in agriculture startup ideas?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Who is the founder of HP?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
Should I form a startup that break the norm?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What should I study at university to become a tech founder?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How do I quit a job I just started?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Any good names for technical startup?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
Can a corporate lawyer explain some aspects of business to a new entrepreneur?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
What are the three main things a CEO of a start-up should do?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the pros and cons of single-founded and co-founded startups?
Who is the father/founder of Osteometry?
Would you advise going alone or looking for a co-founder when starting a business?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
Do 500 startups invest in single founder startup?
How should I distract myself from good paying job offers a founder of a bootstrapped startup?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
How do dev roles in startups change as the startup grows?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What made Elon Musk an innovator?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
What can I learn in 10sec about being an entrepreneur?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What would be your first thoughts about me if I told you I deleted Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat but kept my 8-10 daily newsletters and Quora?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
What is the most successful non-tech start up in the last 10 years?
Why are there so many Elon Musk fanboys when all of his current businesses are unproven and may never succeed?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
Is creating a lemonade stand considered entrepreneurial?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
In which sector should you not start a startup today?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
How do I write a mail to the founder of any startup to describe him the idea you have for the implementation in their business?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
As an entrepreneur who started out with little money, how did you fund your company?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
What are 3 things you must know as a new full-time online entrepreneur?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Who are some famous entrepreneurs from engineering background (and only a few people know about it)?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
Who are some loner/reserved/no-friends tech founders?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are the important things for entrepreneurs to do when starting a company?
What problems do you face while running your Startup?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
Is Smartron startup a success?
When do I need to register LLC or C-Corp in every one state, where I sell ?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
How do you know when your startup is viable?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
Is Elon Musk boring?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
Do I have to learn engineering to be an entrepreneur?
How can Indian entrepreneurs nurture and exploit entrepreneurship and a startup ecosystem?
How can I explain to a newly grad with no startup experience that a 15% equity position for doing nothing other than ideating is very reasonable?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Do startup founders get salaries for survival in the early stages of the company’s growth?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
What startups are well known for starting without customers?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
Who is the founder of Shell Oil Company?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
How do I change my title as Founder & CEO after selling a company?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
I started working for a startup where my CTO is 1 year younger than me, what can I learn from such condition ?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
Are there any teen entrepreneurs out there in India?
What are the important things you need to be an entrepreneur?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Do I need to prepare for JEE if I aspire to become an entrepreneur?
Did Elon Musk really pour 100% of his money into Tesla and SpaceX or he put 1-2 million dollars aside?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
At what age did Elon Musk lose his virginity?
What might the idea have been in the mind of Steve Jobs before launching the iPhone?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
Everyone claims to be an entrepreneur. Many are proud to hustle. What is the best way to cash in that trend?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
What is the possibility that Elon Musk will be one of the crew for the new SpaceX moon swing-by mission?
What is the best storyline to provide a technical status update to a CEO without the technical terms?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
Which banks allow one to open a US bank account for a Delaware corporation as a non-resident?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
What is the main reason of failure of a startup? Why does most startups have hard time scalling-up
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Is entrepreneurship only meant for techies?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the highest growing startups?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
What are the few amazing stories of Indian entrepreneurs who were college dropouts?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Is going to business school worth it to become an entrepreneur?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
When startup owners sell stake in their company and get funding for that, where does the funding money go? Into the company or owners’ pocket?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
Is there a course of everything about business/organization development?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
Who are some great under-20 entrepreneurs in India?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
Are healthcare costs a big deterrent for Silicon Valley entrepreneurs?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
What is a social startup?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
I want an ex IIT student to be a co-founder in our startup. What are the groups/blogs/message boards where I can post this requirement?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
Would startups give up equity for office space? Looking for Founders perspectives
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
Is Elon Musk planning to go to TRAPPIST-1?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
How do Bill Gates and many other founders maintain control of their companies, even after their shares got diluted to being a minority shareholder?
Is it feasible and worthwhile for a non-technical startup founder to learn to code, enough to build the software's architecture?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
Will Elon Musk save human species from extinction?
Is Elon Musk a narcissist?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
Is it possible to get funding for a non-local startup if you live outside of US and can't afford Silicon Valley trips? Are there such examples?
From where did Rakesh Gangwal founder of indigo airlines got money to start such a big airline?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
What would you advise a genius entrepreneur with no clue how to get his products live and run the ship himself, if he had to work alone?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How old were Mark Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates when they started their businesses?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
How much should we have for a startup company?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
When did Elon musk become successful?
One of my co-founders is incompetent, and sometimes throws around insults. Is it time to let him go?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How much time at the beginning of a startup must Founders spend together, without interruptions, to get off to a good start?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
What is the difference between an entrepreneur in the 1% and an ordinary person in the 99%?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
Did you face any co founder conflicts. If yes how did you resolve them?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any networking events for tech entrepreneurs at Silicon Valley that is held on weekends regularly?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How do I find a technical cofounder as a teen startup?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
What are the three most important topics to include in a leadership course transforming startup founders into confident, competent CEOs?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What is the social life like of an entrepreneur/investor?
What are some startup secrets that every entrepreneur should know?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
Why do most startups fail before they even succeed?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
Do you need technical background to start a tech startup?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
Why don't big companies make bold moves, like Elon Musk and Steve Jobs?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
How do I find technical co-founders on IdeaGist?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
Why do a lot of people keep thinking Elon Musk is just a good marketer and businessman?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
Would you say that Mark Zuckerberg is a good guy or doing good things?
What makes an entrepreneur choose the area of her specialty?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
What are the basics of a startup?
Did you dream to be a entrepreneur since childhood or when? Can anyone become entrepreneur by chance?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What are the (dis)advantages of having multiple companies doing one thing each (Elon Musk) vs. having one company doing a lot of things (Google)?
Is it a good idea to give my technical team weekly sessions about entrepreneurship?
How can I motivate other startup founders to work?
What happens if you hire a coder who is better than the CTO of the startup?
What are the most successful companies built around the Amazon ecosystem?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
What does the schedule of an effective Founder, CEO of a Product Studio / Agency look like?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
Are tech start up entrepreneurs mostly a bunch of Well meaning neoliberal libertarian anarchists who are only interested in making billions?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
What is your advice for young entrepreneurs?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
What carriers should entrepreneurs chose?
Are entrepreneurs more likely to cheat and gamble?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
Are tenacity and strategic thinking the key traits of successful entrepreneurs?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
What do Indians think about Elon Musk?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How much a start up CEO makes?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
Are you nurturing young entrepreneurs under your wings?
Which kind of startup is more likely to succeed in Ranchi?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
How can I meet Elon Musk for even 1 minute?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
What is an inspirational story of an entrepreneur who navigated harrowing roadblocks to get a vision or dream started?
How did you find a co-founder/team for your startup?
How much money did the founder of bitcoin make?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Does Mark Zuckerberg have something personal against Spiegel?
How can I become influential?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
Did Elon Musk patent his reusable takeoff and landing rockets?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Which represent you best - being a writer or being an entrepreneur?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
What things should one keep in mind while pitching a startup idea?
How is working for a startup?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
How risky is it to start your own company?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
What experiences in your young adult life led you to become an entrepreneur?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
How do I start a startup sideways while working in a another company?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
I would like to launch my startup but I do not know enough great people, what should I do?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
Is JP Maroney the founder of Harbor City Capital, Florida?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
What is the problem with an idealist and an early stage entrepreneur trying to execute their idea? What if they can pitch directly to an industry expert, VCs, or an angel?
Our hurdle is currently distribution of our product. What channels am I missing or should be pursuing to grow our startup without a strategic partner?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
Who is the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Who are the co-founders of very big companies but are very less popular?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
Space X: Does any employees at Tesla and Space X ever see Elon Musk reading? If so how and what does he read?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What is the secret of people (likes of Swami Vivekananda, Elon Musk) with a photographic memory?
As a founder, should I also invest money elsewhere?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
Is it possible for an entrepreneur to get along with non entrepreneurs? (I talk about ideas, they talk about people & things)
What are the problems Elon musk is having getting a better range on his cars?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How can I get my pending salary from a startup?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
How did startup founders execute their ideas?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
Which is the best ever startup?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
For a startup, what kind of information about users and market that I need to know?
If you believe that you have a very good idea but are unable to bring it to market, is there a way to profit by selling the idea to someone else?
Why don't India have awesome tech giants like the US & mind boggling startups like the Tesla, SpaceX etc?
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Is it necessary to have experience in a managerial role in order to be a successful entrepreneur? To what extent is it helpful for setting up a new startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
What does Elon Musk look like?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
How should I continue with my Kickstarter funded business?
What I need to know if I want to be a tech entrepreneur from business background?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
What are vital skills for entrepreneurs to learn?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
How many startups have you worked for/on, so far?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
What the top 20 entrepreneurs in the world answered, when they were asked how they became successful?
What advice do you have for a budding Indian entrepreneur?
What makes a founder amazing and worth investing in?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Which 5 famous people from the 20th century history would you pick to play Monopoly, Charades and Ker-Plunk?
Do people like Elon musk & Bill Gates know a lot about business or do they take advise from people who know more?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
What is the entrepreneurial style of bringing ideas to life through tangible plans called?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
How can I (as a teen) develop the major skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
What do you know about startups?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
How does a startup founder avoid the trap of babysitting every detail of projects that people are working on?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
Who are Elon Musk’s top competitors?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
When did you realize entrepreneurship was for you?
How does Elon Musk feel about what just happened in Benghazi?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
How good is the network at Elon?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
Can I become advocate and entrepreneur at the same time?
What is your best marketing advice for an entrepreneur who is from technology background?
What are your banking experiences as an entrepreneur in India?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
As an executive, business owner or a serial entrepreneur, what are your top 3 challenges?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
If we can build tunnels under cities like Elon Musk said why can't we build homes?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
How can I create an app for a startup?
How do I start a company in the United states with a co-founder in India?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
In which area of agriculture can I become an entrepreneur in North India?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What are some great ways to get the media to write/report on your apps kickstarter campaign?
How to find more teenage entrepreneurs like yourself worldwide?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
What are some successful tech companies across the globe which has solo Founders ?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
How is your startup going?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
Is it a coincidence that some of the most successful tech entrepreneurs attended ivy leagues / great universities?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
How much should startup founders get paid?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Entrepreneurs, what does your spouse do to support you that helps you achieve more success? Do you ask for help, or does he/she just do it?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Are successful people both smart and hard working ? Or is one of them is enough to be successful ?
How can I be taken seriously as a teenage entrepreneur who has already had success?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
Did Steve Jobs make fortune on the backs of children?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Would these startup founders get an equivalent pay package if they applied for a job in a Fortune 100 company?
Who is an entrepreneur and what kind of job does one do? If someone tells me that he is an entrepreneur, what should I understand from that?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
What is a startup prospect?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
What are the successful startups Who made significant contribution to society?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What have startup founders done as their main job before they left to work on their startup?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
Who are some well-known serial entrepreneurs in Andhra?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What is an IoT startup?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Did you "Mark Zuckerberg" anyone like you stole credit?
At what age did Elon Musk find his first girlfriend?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
How do founders get paid?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
How would Jimmy Wales improve the public school system?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do I find an awesome technical co-founder for a bootstrapped startup?
Who is the founder of Hitachi?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
Has anyone asked to work for Jimmy Wales?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
When will Jimmy Wales meet Narendra Modi?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
Does Jimmy Wales believe that the internet can be provided free of cost, worldwide, in the near future?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
What are the best resources for a non-tech entrepreneur to learn coding while building his startup?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Should I do CA to become an entrepreneur?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How can one empower the startup?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
How do I stop comparing myself to other successful young entrepreneurs?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
What is it like to work with a Mediocre slogging technical co-founder?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
What are some good summer entrepreneur ideas?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What skills can I learn to be a better entrepreneur?
How will a start-up visa work if there are two or more cofounders outside the country?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
What are the best examples of successful low tech startups?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
Is It necessary for a startup or a company that's private to write a letter and indicate the reasons why they close to the public?
What adds real value to your startup?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
What would be the best way to get advice from experienced entrepeneurs regarding your startup?
What do all successful entrepreneurs have in common?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
Do Jimmy Wales appreciate Jim Carrey?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
Should a generic pharma company be built next to a bulk drug-API mfg. company, and will there be any tech. & environmental issues if they are built next to each other?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
How would Mark Zuckerberg go about becoming President?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What should I do to become a lawyer and an entrepreneur?
What role did hair transplant play in Elon Musk's success?
What are some on the startups you think have a great potential in the coming years?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Which is the youngest company founded in the world?
Why does Elon Musk rent a house?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What potential (business development strategy) do you see in a virtual tour platform with 15K tours of private businesses?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
I co-founded a tech startup and we are building an app. An angel has recently invested £50,000, what is the value of my 40% equity?
How can we bring an end to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
Why do some startups win?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
Is there a way to practice sales phone calls (even for free) without getting employed?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
How was your experience with the Hatchery Summer Cohort at the University of Toronto?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
Can you tell me why in the past you decided to be either entrepreneur or investor?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the startup code?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
Who was the founder of Uber?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
Who is the founder of Quora and what was his/her purpose of the service?
Why won’t the founder(s) of Samsung be remembered quite like Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniack?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
What are your experiences in working with startups other than eCommerce or App based startups?
Is there any chemical engineer entrepreneurs?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
What are the biggest mistakes first time SaaS entrepreneur make?
How do we respond when sued by ex-founder for unpaid wages in California?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
How do entrepreneurs find motivation?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
How would Jimmy Wales react if there was an entire wikia dedicated to him, and only him?
What can earn you more respect in India - being an IAS officer or an entrepreneur?
What is the best bachelors and masters for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What should I do if I am running out of money in my bootstrapped startup?
Who is the founder of Accor?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
Founders: Did you utilize a brand strategist when you initially started your company?
Is anyone, knowledgeable about Elon Musk and what he does, interested in participating in an interview about him?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
Do you reach out to celebrities or famous people to see if they are interested in joining Quora (Elon Musk, Katy Perry, Tim Cook)?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
If a prospective buyer wants to do a code and database review, how do I prepare for this part of my startup exit?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
What significant changes would we see if Elon Musk did not exist?
Is it a good thing to never take any life advice from people you don't want to be like and take only from those who you would want to be like?
Who is the founder of edutap?
Which are the activities and books that can help me to be a successful entrepreneur?
Should I put my own money for startup?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Should I continue my project, even if I find out that it was completed abroad? See details.
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
What advice you can give to a teenager who dreams to found a startup in future?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
How do I define the success of a startup?
What are possible (realistic) responses to asking for charity or guidance from a CEO in the limelight whom you have never met but deeply respect?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How can I start a sustainable web development firm in a small town in India?
What country is Joe Armstrong (co-founder of Erlang) from?
What steps can I take to become a nutritionist?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
Can I join army and still become an entrepreneur while being an CS engineer from IIT?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
What if Elon Musk was born in India, what problems he might have faced do you think he could have achieved same feat as he did being an American?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
Are there any high-quality public WhatsApp and Slack channels for startup founders?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is "create the illusion of choice" strategy in business ethical?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
What are some things that entrepreneurs should know before starting a startup?
What are the biggest struggles of soul based entrepreneurs? (Light workers, Energy Workers, Psychics)
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
To what extent do you agree with the following statement: "entrepreneurs must also be early adopters to be successful."?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
Why does Jimmy Wales not support young teenagers who have entrepreneurship qualities?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
How well did Caltech prepare you to be a startup founder and CEO?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
How can I successfully date a Pisces guy who is also a triathlete and entrepreneur?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
Who was the founder of sound?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How do I write a business model?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
As an ambitious and young entrepreneur should I learn coding?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What would be a valuation model for app development agency?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
In India is it possible for an under age to be an entrepreneur?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
If the entrepreneur’s goal is to monopolize a marketplace, then why do so many people want to start companies in the tech industry?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
How do I find a co-founder or partner for a startup in Lebanon?
What should be the attitude of an entrepreneur among people he is meeting for the first time?
Who is the most fearless entrepreneur of all times?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Which IIT has produced the most startups?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
You are a manager and you want to hire a UX designer. How do you choose him?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Does a PM at Uber have a better chance of creating a great company as an entrepreneur?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
Who can evaluate or provide feedback on my Idea?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Tell me the truth: Do all entrepreneurs worry that they're taking too much risk and at the same time worry that they're not being big and bold enough?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
I'm a new entrepreneur. How will creating systems help me?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
What are some ideas of startups for a Startup Weekend?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Can someone with a technical background create a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
What has your experience been like as a woman entrepreneur in a male-dominated sector?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
Which Indian colleges provide the best support to entrepreneurs?
What does imagination mean for Jimmy Wales?
What are the steps to become entrepreneur electronic?
What advice would you like to give future entrepreneurs?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Is Kimbel Musk taller than Elon Musk?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
What are strengths and weaknesses of successful entrepreneurs?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
Why did Steve Jobs only had 10 billion dollars when he died?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
Is Technology is the only way to become entrepreneur nowadays?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
What should I do as a new startup CEO in China to survive given that most buyers are going to manufacturers rather than intermediaries?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Who would you choose to be your Business Partner and why?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Is Elon Musk a perfectionist?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
Should we be an entrepreneur, if the sole purpose to start is just to solve a problem?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
Did Jimmy Wales’ Wikipedia account face a sockpuppet investigation?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What path should I choose to become a tech entrepreneur?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
What is the reason you want to build a startup?
What is Elon Musk favourite book related to startups?
What do most startups' workplaces look like in the first few weeks?
Would it be wise for a founder/CEO to sell all their shares if the company is failing?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
Should all co-founders get a CxO title?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How do I choose and develop a product for startup?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Who founded mathpix?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
How can I become intellectual and well versed in things I care about, like Jimmy Wales?
Where can I find a template for a technical cofounder offer letter?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Did great minds like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, have high marks when they were in school?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
I'm a student entrepreneur who struggled with depression in the past and can be a workaholic. What advice do you have in managing work/life tension?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
Which psychological characteristics do you find imperative in determining the success of an entrepreneur?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
What would be a good startup/franchise near Nashville, Tennessee?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
Is it harder to become an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley now because of the rising cost and demand?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
I want to start my own start up business in software industry. What should I have to do first?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
What is Musk afraid of?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
What magazines would Elon Musk subscribe to?
Where can I find a co-founder based on industry experience?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
We can all agree that starting a new business without market research is dangerous. So why so many entrepreneurs don’t make it?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
Who was the founder of Hindi?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Would an investor from your LinkedIn or Angel.co network be open to take a critical look at your executive summary?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
Would any entrepreneurs be interested in meeting in Ahmedabad for food and to talk about business?
What will Adam D'Angelo become if he is not a founder of Quora?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Why doesn't Elon Musk incorporate a Conglomarate with SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla instead of 3 saparate companies?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
Is business development the closest thing to being an internal entrepreneur?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
How much equity can I give from my startup that would still keep me in control when the startup is successful?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
What are the main marketing challenges for a startup founder?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
What should be the caliber of first employees in a startup?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How can I be an amazing entrepreneur?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What startup does Adam D'Angelo look upto in 2017?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
Why are most founders from Stanford?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
Can I find one technical co-founder from Bhubaneswar on Quora?
Should I be an entrepreneur or an employee? I'm 23.
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
How do you solve the size problem in a dress rental service?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is so great about Elon Musk?
What are some successful startups?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
I'm the main of 4 cofounders and am about to invest $100k in our startup. What's the best way to structure things so they are fair for everyone?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Have you found it difficult to get press for your startup?
What is the attention span of Elon Musk?
What are Adam D'Angelo's tips for startup founders and CEOs?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are the problems faced by an unregistered startups?
How much harder do you think your life would be, if you were a startup founder battling government corruption on top of everything else?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
What is the best major to study if you want to become an entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
If Elon Musk can build a space company from scratch, why can't India make its own Fighter jets?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What other fields of business could use a business platform like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
Where do I find a good startUP team if I am an idea-creator?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How effective are blogs, white papers and social media for B2B selling with annual contract values of US$ 200K –1 million?
What if you have a start-up and your co-founders are Google and YouTube?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
Can a company have two founders?
What is it like to be the CEO of a tech startup without any coding experiences?
How can young entrepreneurs be taken seriously?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
How does life change as an entrepreneur?
How would you have acted if you were Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
How and where to find tech co-founders?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
As a founder of a Delaware company how do I handle expenses?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How much equity should I get as a co-founder rejoining after a two-year gap ?
Who found the batmenton?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
How does a startup founder deal with spouse who wants to have a long vacation constantly?
An investor sees a team of a startup. Is it a must to give equity to all of them? Can the team members be employed?
Who founded Pataliputra?
If you are starting your startup, Can you drop your introduction here and let each other know what are you upto ?
What are the most successful startups in the Books market?
Who are successful entrepreneurs or business influencers to join Quora?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
How much technical knowledge do founders need?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
What is the difference between founders, entrepreneurs and businessman?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
Is there too much hyper around entrepreneurs?
I want to build a startup with people, but where will we work from with no starting capital?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP? Whats your opinion?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the difference between "cofounder" and "part of founding team"? Can I call myself either one when I exited in 9.5 months and hold no equity?
How do founders handle expenses in an America start up?
Can you provide help in finding founders of successful B2C SME businesses?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
How much should we value my startup?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Is there a problem with starting a blog without a topic?
Can a startup succeed if a founder is away during the critical startup period - say 3 months?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
How much of a social impact is created by the philanthropic foundation(s) established by entrepreneurs and business executives?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
How does Elon Musk find time to tweet?
Why did Jimmy Wales go to live in London?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
I have $50K in profits to reinvest in my business. Which should I choose? 1) Reinvest in my current operations, or 2) invest in a tangental idea?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
How can I get in touch with young entrepreneurs around me?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
What age did Gordon Miller start his first company and what was it?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
What does a successful, smart and already wealthy tech-entrepreneur look for in a women whom he would want to marry?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
Who is exide batteries founder?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
If there is three quality all entrepreneur should have please tell us your three important quality?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
What caused Robert Westermeyer, the founder of habitsmart.com, to drop-out from his psychologist career?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Can my 15 year old brother be my co-founder in India?
Is there any founder or CEO of a well established ecommerce website for clothing and accessories on Quora?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
Who is Quora’s founder?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Does Elon Musk know in and out about car designing, car manufacturing, launching satellites, solar cells, programming?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
How important is loyality when you are an entrepreneur?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How important is finding a (investment/entrepreneur) mentor? What are the qualities of a good mentor? How do I find a mentor?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
Why do entrepreneurs go to VC and private investors instead of banks?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
How do I select co-founder who has very less technical knowledge?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How many co-founder should we have? And why?
Who was the first person to make hi-tech messenger bags?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
How many startups started after 2014 in India?
What would be one thing you would suggest an entrepreneur must have?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
What do Indians think about Steve Jobs?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
What should I do to become an entrepreneur after my graduation?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
Who has a better lifestyle: a successful actor or a successful tech entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
Where do I will get flexible packaging like kurkure and lays chips in Maharashtra and Karnataka?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What is the secret behind coming up with great ideas and how do I learn it?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
Is Jimmy Wales, a down to earth personality?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
When will we use Quora?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
How can a civil engineer become entrepreneur?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
You are given a choice to either hire Steve Jobs or Steve Wozniack. Who would you hire and why?
What is the nature of Agreement between founders in early start-up?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
What is it like to have co-founded a startup with your spouse?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of the Times of India?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Who is the founder of Team Treehouse?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
Why couldn't Steve jobs complete his college education? Give two reasons
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What is best title for entrepreneurial workshop?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
Who is world's successful CEO and why?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
Can I know exactly what is a startup?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
What are ways to become an entrepreneur at a very young age?
What would Uber look like if Kalanick resigned and Elizabeth Warren were CEO?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
How can I deal with sarcastic persons in my Startup team?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
I have an app idea. Which website will help me to find genuine co founder?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Will people now think twice before joining a startup?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
What roles would you say a start-up needs to fill and how important are each?
How do I run or launch a startup while in college?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
Is Elon musk's team of SpaceX smarter than NASA?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What do you consider to be the most valuable asset in a startup?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk's remark referring to an impending need for a welfare state due to future advancements Super A.I?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can I use GoDaddy to host my startup?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
What does it take to have a successful tech startup?
Speaking financially, how do startups start and end?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
Can you name the students from St. Xavier School, Bathinda who started a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
When joining a startup, what attributes do you look for in the CEO?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
Are there any Indian entrepreneurs willing to hire for a marketing profile?
How do you appoint and compensate a CTO if he is not a founder director?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
How can I switch from Infosys to a product based company (where I can do lots of coding) within one year after my Infosys training (98% on programming)?
How hard is it to make a startup company successful?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
How do you build a successful startup/business?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
What is your take on building your core team and what was your strategy for hiring early employees?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
What tips do you have for entrepreneurs who need to put themselves "out there", especially when they're just starting out?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
Is there enough space in the world for everyone to be an entrepreneur?
How do founders write their resume?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
What are some issues black women face when trying to become entrepreneurs?
As an entrepreneur, how do you pass on your vision/idea to people you work with and make them believe in it?
Why should I hire a CTO instead of outsourcing the role?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some highly successful entrepreneurs who had terrible high school grades and/or terrible standardized test scores?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How many hours did Elon Musk use to work when he was starting Zip2?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
Which would be a better founder/CEO for a startup company selling air fresheners, Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
I'm interested in history and genealogy - how can I use this interest to make money?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
What is the best way to grow my web based startup's online presence?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What is the best way to keep control of a startup if the founder is not the CEO because he is working in another company?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
What tinyowl co-founders are doing now after merger with runnr?
What is some good advice for startup founders who want to hire and retain the best employees?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
What is the psychology behind successful businesses that 'disrupted' traditional industries? How did their founders recognize the flaw and exploit it?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
What would be the percentage of my share as a founder and non-investor?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs who are not good sales person and introvert in nature?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
When does the CEO get in trouble with the parent company?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
What top qualities does a startup CEO have?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
I want to start my own business, but I'm afraid I will hate the type/industry, what should I do?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Carlson?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
When should Startup have a board members?
What skills should an aspiring entrepreneur learn?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What is your successful startup story?
What are some rookie mistakes founders make during VC meetings?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
Who are some highly successful technology entrepreneurs who graduated from Cal Poly Pomona?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
As a UK based tech startup, what legal work should be done before launch?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
How can I become someone like Elon Musk?
Why isn't Quora of all places more supportive of the idea of an entrepreneurial President?
What are the topics of entrepreneurship?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
When is the right moment to stop a project as a social entrepreneur?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for an automobile startup?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
What is your advice for a 20-year-old engineering student for building a startup?
What learning paths and implementation techniques did Adam D'angelo and Mark Zuckerberg follow to learn to code?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
After selling your first startup, site59.com, to Travelocity in 2002, what was the first big-ticket item that you bought?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Can only streetsmart people become successful entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
Entrepreneurs, I’d like to know what you think of this photography idea?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
Is it possible to be a successful entrepreneur if starting later in age?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What region on Earth has the best business opportunities for hot-shot, boot-strapped, IT or software developer SLASH entrepreneurs in 2017?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
What are the basic needs for a perfect startup?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Which entrepreneur do you respect and appreciate the most, and why?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
If you are a female entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle when it comes to nutrition and fitness?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
Where do founders get salaries in early stages for their survival before company starts genrating enough revenues?
How can I contact Facebook founders thru email?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
Why most of the youngsters are going behind start ups?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
What is your advice for a nontech person starting a tech startup?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Do you thank everyday to the founder of this beautiful website Quora?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What are your advice you'd give to young age entrepreneur?
What do you dislike most about Steve Jobs?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
Which are the most successful African startups?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
How can you work out equity and salaries for co-founders?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
How is virtual assistant useful?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
Steve Jobs was a very product-focused entrepreneur. Is this trend outdated, and if so, what’s the "next thing"?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What can you expect in your first month of launching a startup?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
How do I make a project of a startup?
Is it possible to become a successful entrepreneur in today's world?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
Where can I find a like minded person to join me in my start up?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
How can I decide how much time to spend per week on a good habit such as extracurricular reading?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
Who is the Mobike founder?
What is a good major to take as an entrepreneur who already has business, marketing, and many other experiences, and wants to expands its knowledge?
What would happen to the USA if Elon Musk became the POTUS?
What is the main point an entrepreneur should have noticed while struggling (mind set)?
What would be your ideal team for a startup?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
How much equity should I be getting if I am joining a prefunded startup as a CTO (non founder) in India? See details.
What is it like to spend some time with Elon Musk?
Do entrepreneurs need college?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do you conduct a seminar for all aspirants who wish to be entrepreneurs or masters of their own businesses?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
What's a non-traditional or novel way that you met one of your co-founders?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are able to do things successfully, whatever they set their eyes on?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
Can you be a successful entrepreneur with a non-violent criminal felony in your history?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How long does it take a startup to get its first paying customer?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
What sets apart a great entrepreneur from an average one?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
Who is Jimmy Wales and what inspire him every day?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
What would happen if the BORG asimilated the founders (shapshifters in DS9)?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
How should I co-found a startup with American partners?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are the best enterprise software blogs for investors (not founders)?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
To what extent do top entrepreneurs share day-to-day business details with their spouse?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
When was BWFS founded?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
How can startup founders control fears: out of cash, product adoption, and especially failure?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Where can I find founders who need a remote developers team?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
If most people you talk to think your startup idea is bad, how do you know whether they are right or wrong?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
What’s the main objective of an Entrepreneur,profit making only or solving peoples problems through the service he or she provides.
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What are the areas for entrepreneurs in Electronics Field?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Where will Elon Musk's tunnel go?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How do I go about registering a startup in India, initially without any co-founders, but making provision for some in the future?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
What are the abilities required for being a successful sports entrepreneur?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
We are a startup working in the AR/VR space, and we have built a couple of platforms/solutions. Where do we find a suitable mentor for help?
What problem may arise when you take a qualified co-founder in your startup?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Have you started your own app development company?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
How can I get entrepreneurs to use my platform to build a business team for their startup?
What should I sacrifice to become a successful entrepreneur?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
How hard is it for Startup Founders to learn how to sell?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur without college? If so where is the best place to start?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
What is the ideal number of directors a startup with $1–10 million in funding will have?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the most useful general and technical skills to build for launching a successful tech startup in the next 5 years (as a CEO, not CTO)?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
How do I become a startup entrepreneur?
What should I do if my co-founder is not working as hard as I am?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Where can I find the email of Travis Kalanick, Garret Camp, and the CEOs of Lyft, Postmates and Handy?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
Are there any blogs that write about the hard part of entrepreneur’s journey rather than only talk about their success?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
What advice would Adam D'Angelo give to other young entrepreneurs who want to start their own companies?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
How can I prepare myself for building a Billion dollar (Tech) company?
Do startups in China face more or less regulation than startups elsewhere in Asia or around the world?
Did Google founders give any talks at conferences in the first few years?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
What are the benefits and downsides of being the first service provider in a new market?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
Does it make sense to create a startup at 48 years of age?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How do I fire my co-founders?
Why has India failed in creating more number of entrepreneurs?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
How do you work a lot, like Elon Musk or any CEO, and still stay healthy so that you don’t even get the flu?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Why do employees leave startups for big brands?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What key skills must a tech startup team have in order to succeed?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
What do you really need to do to make a startup successful? What do you need to do to make your product live and other jobs?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
How do you conduct a stake out?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
What would be a thumb rule for an entrepreneur making a start?
Can I use the idea of my old company to start a new by removing two co-founders?
What's inside your work backpack as a startup CEO?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
Being an aspiring entrepreneur should I approach incubation center or develope a prototype if I am at idea stage?
What do you have to give to advisors of your startup?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most pressing problems for startup founders in terms of mental health?
After the startup weekend, should I rebuild the team?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Would Elon Musk ever venture into Time Machine?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What tools do entrepreneurs wish to find online?
How can I find funding for a new consumer information storage service?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
How does one go about finding government grant opportunities for startups in the US?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
How can Mars be "warmed up" as Elon Musk implied during his September 2016 presentation?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
How do you find problems to solve as an entrepreneur?
How do you quit school and go straight to university?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
How can the younger generations aim to become entrepreneurs?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
Which college major teaches you to get the most out of your money?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What are some startups that are working on "Turboxtax for X"?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
How does every entrepreneurs ease their life?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
As the CEO and founder of a new startup, is it ok not to ask for any salary, in order to get the startup going in its first phases?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
What questions can you ask wantrapreneurs to help them realize they are not entrepreneurs?
Is group buying dead? Why?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What podcast has made you smarter?
What is step- by- step guide for an aspiring entrepreneur who is at idea stage?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
How will entrepreneurs spend their weekends?
Who are some famous women entrepreneurs in Hyderabad?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
Do you agree that startup founders must sacrifice almost everything they have to focus on building their startup?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is it important to be a graduate in order to become a CEO?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Is Elon Musk the most valuable and creative person in the World right now? If not, then who is?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Why don't Mark Cuban or Bill Gates, or someone like them start something revolutionary again one more time?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
How could I create a simple online startup? Includes ideas
Is it necessary for budding entrepreneurs to get work experience?
What startups need to grow?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
Will Elon stays the CEO of Tesla after he met the engagements he made?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
Was Larry Hoover founder if GD a Muslim?
Should my co-founder be as good and involved as I am into my startup?
Is Uber CEO Travis Kalanick a total lightweight?
What are some key differences to keep in mind when recruiting developer/coders versus a cofounder-CTO for an an early-stage technical startup?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Who is the founder of INA?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
What exactly Startup is?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
How can one find a co founder who has interest in same field I.e cold pressed juicing?
What are some good resources that teaches small businesses and entrepreneurs how to use social media to make a profit?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
Should startups have an office?
How do I become a company CEO?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
How good would Elon Musk be as president?
Who are some good entrepreneurs to research?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
How often do startups turn into multimillionaire companies compared to non-startup companies?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
As a startup founder/software developer/VP of Engineering/Product Manager, how do we stay updated about the latest research that help in our product?
What is your experience with entrepreneurship?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
Before becoming a successful entrepreneur or startup founder, what was it like working in a lower role at a larger company that was not your own?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
What does a Non-technical CEO of a startup do?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder to build a startup from scratch?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
Do founders engineer the product by outsourcing and then gather a team, or have an idea gathers a team and all 10 people are founders now?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
When looking for a tech co-founder for a startup is it appropriate to ask them to create code to test them?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
Is timing the most important thing in the success of a startup?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
Would Uber be better off in the long run if Travis Kalanick were no longer CEO as of February 2017?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Can you list examples of successful non-US and non-EU startups?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Where were you when you found success?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
What helps an entrepreneur to have better status in society, being a helpful person and philanthropist or having an attitude and command over others?
Is fashion a good industry for entrepreneurs in 2017?
If people consider Elon Musk to be a founder of Tesla, isn't it logical consider Peter Thiel a founder of Facebook?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
What is the best way to explain a failed startup on your resume or LinkedIn profile?
Do you have a potential startup project?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
I'm looking for a technical co-founder in Dubai. Where can I find one?
What are some less encouraging examples of failed startup founders? Where are they now?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
What happens in a divorce in California if a startup founder gets his founder shares issued prior to marriage?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
How can I handle my startup?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Why does Elon Musk think flying car is a bad idea?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
How can one find a startup team?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Is it possible to start an online delivery service, without logistics knowledge?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being entrepreneur?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
How can someone become good entrepreneur with less investment?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
How should I start working for my own startup?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
What are the typical problems faced by non-technical startup founders with software freelancers?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
How do solo-founders deal with their startup while pitching for funds?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
How does Wanderu make money?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
How do I get a co-founder when none of your friends suits the co-founder role?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Chenab Group?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
Is it mandatory for new entrepreneurs to get a CRISIL rating to register as new entrepreneurs at MNRE?
How should I prepare myself to be a startup founder in the UK?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Are most billionaires just shareholders or "entrepreneurs", in other words, business people who own a lot of stocks? Does it matter how they acquired those stocks?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
How do you learn the skills needed to be a CEO in a startup?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What is the best idea for a one-man internet startup in Healthcare today?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
What kind of co-founders are more likely to cheat the founders?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
How do young entrepreneurs build companies without having working experience in the corporate world?
Is this course “MIT’S APPROACH TO DESIGN THINKING” worth for a desiring entrepreneur?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
Why is Elon Musk digging tunnels under Los Angeles?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
Can I get Jimmy Wales contact information for startup idea sharing ?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Who founded paper?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the future of the EU?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What was the first answer that Adam D'Angelo wrote?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What is the best startup you have discovered in 2017?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
What are Ashton Kutcher’s secrets to keeping productive with all of his projects?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
Can you name a few successful young African American entrepreneurs? Preferably Millennials
What are the online courses should I take to become a successful entrepreneur without an MBA?
Would Elon Musk's Hyoerloop concept revolutionize transportation?
Which MBA is preferable if my aim is to be an entrepreneur?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
Is it possible in India also, to become successful billionaire entrepreneur like Elon Musk who got success with his Ideas only ?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
Can become entrepreneur without studies?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Where is the start-up hub in Dublin?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
How can find myself an entrepreneur mentor who can guide me?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
How much equity should a tech co-founder ask for?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
I work for a SaaS based startup and just became the sole developer. What do I do?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
If Elon Musk thought being President was the best route to accomplish his main goals, would he run (if he was legally allowed)?
Who's the founder of the dictionry?
Where can one find a Good Co-founder for a startup?
What are the strategies a founder should use in order to apply for YCombinator?
How old can you be to start a start-up?
What mistakes do young founders often make that more experienced ones don't?
Has anyone ever told Jimmy Wales about his awesome attitude?
Is VIT good for entrepreneurship?
Do you know you look like younger brother of Elon Musk?
Who was the real founder of Azad Hind Sena?
What are creative ways of packaging angel fund proposals which will be attractive to investors while protecting your interests as an entrepreneur?
What are the basic problems encountered in establishing a startup?
What necessary business knowledge does one have to acquire to be an entrepreneur?
Do successful CEOs have pets?
What was your most difficult experience as an entrepreneur and how did you handle it?
How useful was getting an undergraduate degree to becoming a successful tech entrepreneur?
Tell us about yourself, personal bio and what led you to become an entrepreneur?
I have an idea for a startup company, what is the best way to implement it?
Why was Steve Jobs so amazing at marketing?
How do I find a business partner or founding team members?
What is Elon musk creating?
What is CallHippo?
How do I become a founder in a corporation in Minnesota under 18?
Do investors in startups also want the founder to invest money?
How can I contact Bhavesh Aggrawal (Ola founder) for some entrepreneurial queries?
Would an investor from your LinkedIn or Angel.co network be open to take a critical look at your executive summary?
How founders of hardware start ups can keep 30% equity?
How do entrepreneurs motivate their employees?
I am working on a business idea from last 1 year.Can someone (outside India) who has experience of leading a startup (CEO,CTO,VC..) review my website?
Has networking really helped your startup?
How should entrepreneurs approach the valuation question?
Views on motivation of workforce by entrepreneurs?
What are the most important qualities a startup founder needs to be successful?
What made Elon Musk decide to get a degree in physics?
Would you support Elon Musk convincing President Trump to push Congress to heavily subsidise SpaceX at the expense of NASA?
What was your recent public speaking experience?
Is the founder of Uber friends with Gary veynerchuck?
Why did MixBIt by YouTube founders fail?
How do I prove that aliens have hacked some of our brains with nanotechnology to create a big hype about entrepreneurship?
What should be your daily routine, when you are planning to start a BPO?
What questions should a start-up founder ask a potential business partner?
What was your experience in meeting Steve Jobs?
Are you a better salesman, being a founder of your startup? If so, what are your techniques?
How did Peter Thiel go from law school to PayPal?
Can you share the story of your neighbourhood entrepreneurs who went from Zero to Crore?
Why does Elon Musk say ''Our main competitors are national governments and hence the enforceability of patents is questionable", in his 2013 TED talk?
Is there anyone who is an entrepreneur?
Should Lonely Planet reply to me after they asked me for information on my travel tech startup?
What are some untold facts about Steve jobs?
Was being an entrepreneur your first dream? If not, what was?
How did you find co-founder in just two weeks after applying to Y Combinator?
Entrepreneurs, what do you think of this makeup idea?
Is Elon Musk right to be worried about the possibility of another global war and/or anti-technology movements?
Would Elon Musk be such a huge success had he gone to some public university in the USA instead of Wharton (University of Pennsylvania)?
What have been your most inspirational experiences as an entrepreneur and investor?
Can you be an entrepreneur without being an extrovert?
Did Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk or someone else in this field play video games hardcore?
How mature is the startup ecosystem in Barcelona (exits, investment, events, etc.)?
What are the most common problems or frustrations of social entrepreneurs?
What do you think of Tai Lopez?
Has Elon Musk read the book Red Mars?
Should I keep working for the mission-driven non-profit startup which has a huge potential, but its founder seems to be having superiority complex?
Why do Snap's founders and investors have shorter lock-up periods than employees post-IPO?
How do I become an entrepreneur if I don't have a business idea?
How can startup founders get the most out of their relationship with investors?
Did Steve Jobs know people would become addicted to his company’s creations?
Are you an entrepreneur, and if so, would you mind answering a couple of questions?
I've always wanted to be a doctor and always an entrepreneur, can someone critique my idea?
How does one begin becoming an entrepreneur and make it so far like you?
Who is the founder of Namco Limited?
When does the feeling of being trapped inside your business (startup/scalable non-tech company) wear off?
What do you think of Elon Musk's plans to launch Donald Trump into outer space?
How big of a legacy will Elon Musk have?
What would Elon Musk response be to Richard Muller saying that electric cars isn't the solution to climate change?
How could we detect an opportunity in the entrepreneurial life?
Can you become an entrepreneur or a startup founder without studying computer science?
What psychological questions are useful in testing the character of a potential employee?
How did Elon Musk manage to make friends in a new city while working al the time?
What are the most important skills an entrepreneur should work on himself?
How can one best overcome being a "want-repreneur" to become an entrepreneur?
If Tesla isn't making profits, how is Elon getting rich?
What 1 book would you recommend to a person that immigrated to the USA so that they can understand what our founders wanted to create?
How do people still afford to live?
What advice do you have for first-time entrepreneurs selling a product?
How do entrepreneurs raise money for their hedge funds?
What are the most effective techniques for outreaching new entrepreneurs?
How long did it take you to zero in on the right co-founder?
Why is Elon Musk preventing Tesla plant workers from organizing and asserting their rights?
What happens to authorized and unissued common shares remaining after founders and pool have been issued common, and investors received preferred?
When is it acceptable for startup founders to draw a market rate salary?
Is a person involved in Multi-Level Marketing (MLM) an entrepreneur?
Is it worth it to be an entrepreneur in Latin America (Mexico especially)?
Who is/was more imaginative - Elon Musk or Steve Jobs?
As a VC or angel investor, how did you get convinced by a startup without a co-founder?
I'm 18 and I want to build a big agency, what books or learning material would you recommend?
What will you do with just ₹1, being an entrepreneur?
What are some things I should know as an aspiring entrepreneur?
What is another card like founders card?
My life is crumbling need help a full time student aspiring to be an entrepreneur while being in debit theirs more to my story for anyone withadvice?
I'm a sole founder. I want to bring on co-founders. What is a fair equity split?
What do startup CEOs use for tracking relationships and communication with investors and potential partners?
What are the successful startup in China?
What are the most important books for startup founders to read?
What are the most common mistakes that first-time entrepreneurs make, and how can they be avoided?
What are some common mistakes that startup founders make when pitching to investors?
Who is the founder of Adamjee Group?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
What should the founder of a growing startup do to ensure that the data he gets is ground level true?
Who are some entrepreneurs who single handedly saturated a market through their company?
If you are an entrepreneur, would you mind helping me by answering a couple of questions?
How does it feel to meet Amit Bhardwaj (Founder of GBMiners) in person?
What are some stories that showcase the cleverness of entrepreneurs in personal interactions that helped them in business?
What are 3 pieces of advice every entrepreneur should know?
How can I provide the most value to others in any field, and in return get something valuable from the viewpoint of an entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales believe in God? Why?
What do you think about Flipkart and Ola's appeal to the Indian government?
As Dropbox Co-Founder, what is your advice for a student who have just an idea for a startup company and want to implement it in the right way?
I wish to be a tech entrepreneur in evenings and in my spare time. Whats the best day job to support it?
Should a startup be positioned as a startup, or would that hurt our reputation because people might be skeptical about our ability to deliver?
What qualities is required to become entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk suffer from anxiety?
Can an intrapreneur call himself the founder?
Why are most successful entrepreneurs of recent days from Silicon Valley?
What is something surprising about entrepreneurs?
How can a start up survive if it's not selling anything?
Can the co-founders license the IP (software) of a closing startup to themselves?
As a startup founder and CTO sometimes I feel like employee number zero with founder shares, is there something wrong?
How does Elon Musk give everything he's got irrespective of what the circumstances may be (*)?
As a startup, what would you like to get from a co-work space as a 'Startup Kit'?
I'm 14 and I have a start up idea. How will I start?
How did Periscope beat Meerkat?
What are the benefits to a beginning entrepreneur if he have an Indian Patent?
Who are the founders of ANT Lab, India's first NanoTech company?
What are some fancy phrases that entrepreneurs use?
What is Jimmy Wales' worst professional experience?
Is there any entrepreneur who want to guide me because I want a mentor?
What are Elon Musk's plans for colonizing Mars?
Does LinkedIn offer anything, but a resume-centric profile format?
How do entrepreneurs gain customers?
Can I monetise a concept that is not mine?
How does a young entrepreneur lead his or her own company without any experience? How do you know your employees are not making up their reports?
Would Tesla be better off if Elon Musk was managing only this company?
What are some websites/apps that let users post their startup ideas on, let people make recommendations and find cofounders to work with?
How do I interview engineers for startup for first time CEO?
If I have good technical background as a developer and am starting my startup should I play the development team leader role or should I hire one?
How should I change my attitude from being a full time employee to becoming an entrepreneur?
What are some political startups that have exited successfully?
How could the discovery of metallic hydrogen effect Elon Musks ventures?
What email address should I put on my business card if I am a serial entrepreneur?
Can Indian companies give competition to Elon Musk's Tesla?
What technology is bakuun.com built with?
What contact details should I put on my business card if I am a serial entrepreneur?
Why does everyone call themselves an entrepreneur?
I have a startup idea related to Indian Railways ticket booking. To whom should I reach in order to have a permission for implementing it?
How much do the richest founders of CEO in Manhattan make a year?
If your startup could consolidate an industry does that make it a good idea?
What are the challenges that an entrepreneur faces in the healthcare sector?
Will pursuing an MBA help me with my dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
I'm co-founder and have no real investment money but Is there any way to buy out current CEO of my startup?
Who is the founder of Play Quiz 23?
I want to be an entrepreneur but everyone kills my spirit, what should I do?
How do I employ a suitable person for start-up?
As an adult immigrant to America, how did you get started with opening your own business?
What is the founding story behind Sirocco apparel?
Is there a free blog or social media where entrepreneurs share ideas and conversations?
How much would the two CEO founders of a company in Manhattan make if their company made $10 million in the 1st year?
Do startup founders typically receive additional stock grants after their initial 4 year vesting period?
What's all this fuss about starting a startup and becoming an entrepreneur?
Is this news real about Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and New Zeland?
What are the best entrepreneur ecosystem available in the world?
Where can I find local entrepreneurs that need investment?
Why aren't more women founders getting funded?
Who are some founders or CEOs who have a long time horizon and are not worried about short term results?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg host Facemash?
What are the best books for future online entrepreneurs?
Do venture capitalists have idle cash?
What would you ask to your favorite entrepreneur (author/specialist/CEO/consultant) if you had the opportunity?
Can I form a company but keep my name secret as a founder?
My country isn't even listed on founder2be. I was denied visa to US. How can I find technical co-founder?
How do I get entrepreneurs to gather into a community that will offer them several services?
How were the most famous entrepreneurs like when they were teenagers?
I have a potential online business idea but no money. If I try crowdsourcing or look for a Tech Co-Founder, can I still be the main owner?
What are some cool and creative names for an Internet based startup?
Has Jimmy Wales been to Bangalore?
How do I retain control of a startup with 3 co-founders with equal equity?
What does Elon Musk plan to do about the fact that we have limited lithium?
When a venture-funded startup sells for less than the value of investors' liquidation preferences, do founders really get nothing?
What are ways to register as a Chinese domestic company, since the co-founder and legal representative can only register the company in Hong Kong?
Do Googlers think like entrepreneurs?
I want to be a doctor but also an entrepreneur, what do I do?
What were the first words Steve Jobs spoke to you?
Why did you decide to be an entrepreneur?
What are the pros and cons of becoming the co-founder in early stage of career?
Why do so many young entrepreneurs think their ideas are worth billions?
Which online products have the most customers?
Can an Indian open company in the UK avail EIS by raising GBP 200,000 from UK investors? Can the founders migrate to the UK under a Tier 1 visa if the focus is UK markets?
Why are we afraid of being entrepreneurs?
How do I become a software entrepreneur and start a startup?
How could one start his own business if he is good at handicrafts?
How many of you respect Steve Jobs and why?
Why is healthcare and technology the most hot sectors pursued by entrepreneurs currently?
If I work like Elon Musk can I build something great in Malaysia?
Would studying Entrepreneurship help me avoid making common mistakes opposed to a "Born" entrepreneur?
What should I choose as my U G course if I desire to be an entrepreneur?
Does the co-founder of a startup mobile game company brainstorm by himself for the next game?
Another startup team has the same idea as us in a startup competition, should we join them or not?
Does Elon Musk have more influence over Trump?
I've made a new social media, how do I beat copycats with more resources?
How did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg crush competitors?
Currently, what is the most efficient way for like-minded investors and entrepreneurs to connect?
Can I retroactively set up founder preferred stock? My company has no outside investors or valuation yet.
Which entrepreneurs truly derived most of their wealth from software engineering?
Why do people say going to college is the only way to success while many entrepreneurs disagree?
Should I buy used laptops for my startup employees?
What are best trades in MBA to become a good entrepreneur?
What do you think are the pros and cons of taking investments early (before you have paying customers)?
How much does the founder of a CEO company make a year if it's very successful?
What should I do if I want to be an entrepreneur but also an engineer?
How about a start-up in which a person is entrepreneur to start online charity application in India?
If a startup reaches out to me, how can I measure their success?
I am selling my startup and keeping 15% of it. What details are important to contemplate in the deal?
Are you a start-up that wants to be reviewed?
Are there any examples of con artists launching "startups" to swindle VC money?
Can you suggest me some idea for a startup related to construction industry?
What are the successful startups from T-hub?
I am a non-technical founder starting an ecommerce site with minimal experience in this field, should I join an accelerator?
What things should first-time entrepreneurs look out for in their team?
Have startup founders or CEOs faced difficulty in hiring non-immigrants, because of the H1B and other visas?
Do bootstrapped CEOs or founders hand over a visiting card after meeting a VC or Angel investor or co-founder?
Who are some successful internet entrepreneurs in the Middle East?
What are basic tools required by startups?
How much time does an entrepreneur spend a week watching television?
How can I find and recruit a technical cofounder as a non-technical cofounder?
Where can I get a technical cofounder for my startup from Ranchi?
What kinds of people make the best startup founders?
What does it take to create a team for small technical startup in India?
Should I learn programming as a non-technical co-founder?
How many from MICA have started their own start up after 2012 BATCH?
How do you become employed by startups? How many startups (remote or otherwise) can you belong to at once?
What financial difficulties have you had in business and what advice would you give entrepreneurs concerning finances?
What are the startups by the alumni of IIFT?
How does Elon Musk deal with burnout? Does he even experience it?
What's the difference between president and CEO in a company? Who's playing the bigger role?
Is Birmingham a good place to launch a startup?
What did Jimmy Wales major in Indiana University?
How do I stop dreaming to become a startup cofounder and work hard as a software developer?
Who among Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Elon Musk, and Mark Zuckerberg would you rather have as CEO of your startup company?
Who is the co-founder of Synup?
What can/should I do before starting a startup?
Is being an entrepreneur a good thing?
What brand name should I choose for a tech start-up?
How do you make the best use of your EMI options?
Why did Steve Jobs think he would die young and didn't want to live till 50?
Steve Blank said, ‘all founders in a web or mobile startup need to learn how to code’. Do you agree?
How you think this startup should be implemented?
Why do you aspire to be an entrepreneur?
What a non-tech person should learn to start a tech start-up?
What market is bigger: entrepreneurs or corporate world?
Does Elon Musk have someone to look up to in the same way many people look up to Elon Musk?
Is it necessary to be street-smart to be an entrepreneur?
Is there startup inflation?
Who are the most prominent non-technical startup founders?
How can I get seed funding for my startup before registering the company?
I have to fire someone in my startup. What is your advice?
What good local startups do you have in your country/city?
What are the qualities of successful self-made entrepreneurs?
Is having technological knowledge important or advantageous for starting a successful start-up?
If I invest $500K into my startup, how should that divide into my ownership?
How can I learn CS at the level of (relatively speaking) Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Bill Gates, etc.?
How does one attract or find a part time senior developer as first employee in a bootstrapped startup with a well received MVP but no revenues?
How do certain entrepreneur's become famous?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so socially awkward?
How can I use Elon Musk's first principle while studying subject like physics, chemistry?
What is it like being in the accelerator program at Axilor Ventures?
How much do you make as an entrepreneur?
How can I profit from failing startups?
What apps will you find in the phones of Obama and Mark Zuckerberg?
Is there a link between the entrepreneur’s Internet skills and the performance of its online startup?
What are successful startups founded by Stanford alumni?
Does Elon Musk have house plants? Are they cheery?
Who is the founder of Quora and when did it start?
If Jimmy Wales was a normal person (not popular), what would he be doing in life?
What are the right questions to ask a small user base for a start up app in beta phase?
What are the most important lessons aspiring founders can learn from Kalanick and Chesky?
I made a game on Google Play and App Store. I am 14 years old and I am averaging $200 daily of it. What type of business can I create to earn more?
Can I include my 6 months startup founder experience in my resume?
Is there a way to develop an entrepreneurs mindset?
Who do startup founders ask for advice?
Our European Startup considers shipping our product to Russia. How would we go about that?
What can a 14 year old start doing if he wants to be an entrepreneur?
As a startup, are the founders entitled to a salary? If yes, who determines how much is appropriate for each partner, assuming the equity is 70:30?
I am a non-technical founder starting an ecommerce site with minimal experience in this field. What position should I fill first to help me start?
What does Jimmy Wales think of Indiana University?
How do entrepreneurs meet girls in India?
What type of mechanisms can we set up in a two-person startup that can do healthy tie-breaking?
Who are the founders of Erasmus program?
Do you meet Elon Musk ofter as an OpenAI employee?
What does a graduate student bring to the table as a founder/director in an online start up? What kind of PE is interested in PhDs?
How much does sound cloud owner earn?
How can a marketing co-founder show their work before launching a website?
How can founder make money for himself from a funded startup illegaly?
Money attracts everyone. How does Jimmy Wales manage to be an exception?
What problems do first time entrepreneurs in Singapore face?
What are ways of creating MVP (website, mobile app) without technical background?
Which startups created recently seem to have wide moats already?
Who are some successful ENTP Entrepreneurs ?
Each time I have a revolutionary idea I would like to execute, I find out it's already taken - am I therefore unlikely to become a good entrepreneur?
Who is the first successful woman in entrepreneurship?
How did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg become a billionaire at such a young age?
How are thousands of so called "Founders of startups" surviving in Bangalore? What do they do for a living as most startups are not even funded?
How do I manage the situation when I might be wrong and want some advice but don't want to hear no?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build a MVP on their own?
What courses should I take to become an expert tech entrepreneur?
What kind of problems (legal/technical) do businesses that run during the night face?
How can I find an absolute tech buddy for my new startup around Bhubaneswar?
Who do you think is more successful, Elon Musk or Richard Branson`?
Can we expect Jimmy Wales in politics with the power of knowledge he has?
Why is Elon Musk one of the great entrepreneur?
How can I create a non-profit organization about ending the 2 party system?
Did you manage to find a job after your startup failed?
What makes a engineer to become a entrepreneur?
Has Elon musk committed any crimes?
What does it take to be a founder of a IT company?
What are the most important components of competitive intelligence for new entrepreneurs and what do they mean?
Where should an entrepreneur go to learn how to launch a startup or small business and/or for help and resources along the way?
What were the ups and downs of Mark Zuckerberg's life, and how did he overcome them?
What did you infer from your interview with Elon Musk?
What city on Silicon Valley is the best for an entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales like Star Wars?
What is the best advice for a first time start up CEO?
What is the best way to structure founder equity for a sales expert?
Should a founder withdraw small amount as a salary if the startup has initial seed investment of 1M?
I have a brilliant pitch for Jimmy Wales. Can he reply?
What kind of people will be born in the future? Will we have another Hitler or Steve Jobs ever again?
What is preventing you from becoming an entrepreneur?
What do I have to do to find a tech cofounder in California?
What will happen to the entrepreneurship craze when the stock market crashes?
How would Elon Musk's 30 layer tunnels avoid flooding?
Is it mandatory for an early stage start-up founder (CEO) to like the industry of his start-up in order to thrive and succeed?
Can you legally remove equity from a co-founder that you want out of your startup?
What shall I do today to become successful entrepreneur in ten years?
I have an invention that can generate eco-friendly energy for free without the need of sun, wind or water power. How to get funded?
Why do many entrepreneurs don't succeed?
What would happen if Elon Musk combined all of his companies/projects into one large company? What if Elon Musk put it on the stock market?
If you could idolize either Dan Bilzerian, or Elon Musk, who would it be?
What are the top five reasons you wanted to become an entrepreneur and did you succeed in that?
Why doesn't Elon Musk read a book about public speaking to fix his speech impediment?
What is musk?
If entrepreneurs were scientists, who would be what?
How should a startup founder's shares be treated in a California divorce where the stock is not completely vested?
I have a invention idea which increases electricity production of energy plant? How do I implement it?
What should an enterprise tech founder who is doing all of the selling do to run highly effective webinars?
Who is the founder/s of Starbucks Corp?
What is some good advice for aspiring entrepreneurs in the education sector?
Who are the best serial entrepreneurs on Quora?
What are some of history's greatest stories of getting zuckerberged?
I have validated ideas with a patent attorney for a startup. Do I learn coding or source a great technical co-founder, and if so, how?
Who was the founder of Azad Hind Fauz?
Does a politician or an entrepreneur have a higher lasting impact?
I want to become an online entrepreneur, but I don't have a back account. How can I make money?
Is MBA necessary for entrepreneurs?
Who becomes CEO among co founders?
What are the essential qualification to be a entrepreneur?
How much it would cost to make an app like Houseparty?
I own a gym in the UK but want to start an e-commerce or drop ship business. Can someone mentor me with an idea & help me set up for a % of profits?
What documentation should you provide to a new employee to begin business development for your startup?
What are some of the conferences or public meetings on entrepreneurs in India?
What advice do you have for people who want to start their own company?
Who are the founders of Exploring64 Mathematics?
How entrepreneurs were imagining future of their startup when they started, noticing other startups growing up and they were still struggling?
Whom does Jimmy Wales follow on Quora?
What is the founder of Total S.A?
What would Steve Jobs be doing right now if he was seventeen today?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
When you create a new project or idea for a startup, how exactly do you get your initial demo out there?
Was John D. Rockefeller as young as Mark Zuckerberg when he made his billions of dollars in the 1800s?
What did Elon musk do about procrastination?
How do startups create their first selling script? I don’t know where to start.
As first time entrepreneurs, what part of the process are people often completely blind to?
What kind of apps does Mark Zuckerberg use?
What are the effective ways to market a Consulting business?
What is the one piece of advice you would give young entrepreneurs with online businesses?
What are best ideas startup to export in other countries?
Does Elon Musk set realistic goals?
What entrepreneurs have never worked for somebody?
What is the key to ServiceNow's success?
How did it feel to interview Elon Musk?
How does Gary Vaynerchuk invest?
What happens if a co-founder quits during an acceleration/incubation program?
I have an LLC. Am I a startup founder and entrepreneur?
What are some famous technical entrepreneurs in India?
In the timeline of a technology startup, when is it most likely that professional graphic design services are needed?
How would YOU pitch your startup that hopes to actually 'change the world'?
Why is Ronald Wayne not known to many, inspite he was also a founder of Apple?
If you could meet any religious founder today who will you meet?
Is there any data that shows how many startup founders worked at other startups before founding their own company?
How do I find co-founders (and do I need them)?
How do I effectively look for iOS developer [cofounder] for app startup we are building in Bay area?
Who is the founder of the Reliance India?
How would you use $60 as an entrepreneur?
Can you make more money as a godman than as a successful entrepreneur?
How can I reduce cost of airline tickets?
What are some useful metrics for healthcare startups?
Are most entrepreneurs ever going to get it right, or are all of their ventures probably going to fail no matter how many times they try?
Can introverts become successful entrepreneurs?
What Jimmy Wales do when he can't fall asleep?
Is a startup co-founder ever legally prohibited from resigning?
What is the typical number of board of advisors in a startup?
Where do I start as an Online entrepreneur?
What are the best ways to fund a hardware startup as an alternative to VC / angel funding?
I live near Silicon Valley and have heard of something called "startup weekend". Is this real/viable and how does one get involved?
Is there any other political positions Mark Zuckerberg is a likely candidate for, given he said he's not currently planning to run as President?
What is the average compensation for a VP of business development at a healthcare start-up technology firm?
What training/education is required for a entrepreneur?
How can I get global exposure while working in a startup?
What can I do with 100 dollars to get more money?
I have a great idea and prototype for the next big dating app, how do I get some to come on board as a co-founder in Dubai?
How can I communicate with Jimmy Wales and get his opinion on an idea similar to wikipedia?
How can a start up Paleo business find wholesale ingredients?
How can I meet fellow entrepreneurs online?
What is the next step for my test prep startup which I built alone with $6000 in revenue, knowing that I spend $560 to build it?
What are some questions first-time startup founders should be asking?
How can I start up with 10$?
How do you find out about startups that are struggling?
Would Jimmy Wales meet with me in a New Jersey Starbucks to discuss a variety of topics?
What are the benefits of switching from Founder to Employee?
Why are hackers essential for startups? How do they help?
How much seed capital did Mark Zuckerberg use to launch Facebook before getting with the big shot investors? How much did he bootstrap with early on?
What startup actually is and how can one startup from nowhere?
How much should equity be discounted relative to cash for my pay at my startup?
Where can I find startup mentors in Chennai?
Would you invest in a driven charismatic young entrepreneur?
How do very great entrepreneurs perceive the world?
What kind of business startup is the best for a woman?
Does anyone feel like kicking Mark Zuckerberg in the nuts?
How do entrepreneurs find white spaces in the market?
How did Elon Musk learn about business?
Has Quora met or exceeded the founders initial expectations?
What would Jimmy Wales do if he had to start again?
What percent of VC startups reach 10 million ARR?
How good is Lattice Innovations as a startup?
Which is the most successful startup in fashion?
What are the best undergrad universities for one aspiring to be involved in tech startups?
Why there aren't top writers in the Elon Musk topic?
What are the chances of my startup getting acquired by big existing player in the market?
Should startups aim to become a painkiller or a vitamin?
What do you think of Elon Musk's involvement in politics and the Trump administration?
What is the best strategy for a new internet startup with a live prototype, What do you first focus on? Do you start looking for customers or funding?
What is more beneficial for founding a startup: working as a programmer or as a manager in an established company?
What is the best way to structure a tech start up?
What can startups learn from Buzzfeed's impending failure?
How is Elon Musk legally digging a tunnel under LA?
What is the difference between entrepreneur and proprietor?
How can you know if any US-based tech startups/early stage companies are interested to set up in India?
United Kingdom: What low risk business can I start with £1000?
I have a startup idea. What is the best way to find a co-founder developer for my startup?
How do I get a co-founders in Dubai?
How did Elon Musk start an internet company without any technical skills?
How does Elon Musk find time to launch new ventures?
How do I become a "right founder"?
Does Jimmy Wales get recognized in public?
Does Elon Musk have any interest in visiting the moon or establishing a base there?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
How do I startup a new enterprise in rural area?
How do you get rid of that lonely feeling as a startup founder?
What are the necessary details one should kept in his mind while starting his startup so that it will not get failed in future?
What's my “founder’s story”?
Can startups build successful app marketplaces?
Is it risky to get into industries that you aren't very experienced in as an entrepreneur?
How can I send Jimmy Wales an email?
How many startups have you launched, and how did you recognize the market’s need for your business?
How does top entrepreneur passes time?
What are some Problems which be entrepreneurial opportunity?
How can I find a position in AR/VR startup with basics in programming (C++, Python, Matlab) and knowledge of optics, photonics, business and design?
How do I select the best startup?
What is Mark Zuckerberg chasing?
Do you believe that there is an entrepreneurial gene?
How do I become a revolutionary entrepreneur?
What are the most successful platform startup that Sangeet Paul Choudary advise?
Is it illegal or immoral to fire an employee after their granted equity increases in value drastically?
I am from the Caribbean and I am having a very difficult time finding a co-founder as the skill set is missing. What can I do get one from the States?
I want to start a robotics startup like schaft robotics. How would a business like that even make money?
How is to create a start-up scene in a city?
Is Elon Musk turning into a Trump supporter?
How can I start a business in Italy?
What are some of the most ingenious Pakistani start-ups?
What are the most promising medtech startups in Los Angeles?
Which movies do all entrepreneurs need to watch?
If you were Steve Jobs how would you convince a music label to sell a top artistes song for just 99 cents?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk, as one of the members of Donald Trump's council of business advisors? Will it be fruitful to the public?
Who is the founder of crewalley?
If persistence is the key to success, why do so many companies and startups fail?
Do venture capitalists and the industry discriminate against older founders?
Can I outsource the marketing of an initial startup?
What are some challenges faced by startups in using data science and analytics for building and growing?
Does being a successful young entrepreneur really need to be hard and why do investors seems scared to invest?
How will the neural lace transform human intelligence?
Why are teenagers not encouraged to start their own companies?
How many of you know about Bihar Entrepreneurs Association (BEA)?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite movie and why?
Do you feel betrayed by Elon Musk sharing and joining Trump views?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
What should an early stage San Francisco based startup know about paying a full-time remote (outside of US) team member?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
What carriers should entrepreneurs read?
Which startups created recently seem to have wide moats already?
How can I reduce cost of airline tickets?
What are basic tools required by startups?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
Why are most successful entrepreneurs of recent days from Silicon Valley?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
How did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg become a billionaire at such a young age?
What are the basic problems encountered in establishing a startup?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
How useful was getting an undergraduate degree to becoming a successful tech entrepreneur?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How did Periscope beat Meerkat?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
How badly are startups affected by demonetization?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
What are the right steps to get clients to your startup?
How much do you make as an entrepreneur?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What is the best way to communicate with tech staff on what you want to build, as a non-tech founder?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
Is it wrong when a person with a tech background thinks of quite a non-tech startup?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
Does LinkedIn offer anything, but a resume-centric profile format?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
Can a weak programmer become good entrepreneur?
What are the most important components of competitive intelligence for new entrepreneurs and what do they mean?
How does a young entrepreneur lead his or her own company without any experience? How do you know your employees are not making up their reports?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
What do investors look for in a founder?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What are some political startups that have exited successfully?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Who founded Divya Chetna Satsang?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur in economics?
What is the best way to explain to investors previous rollercoaster revenues?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What is hindering the growth of entrepreneurs in India?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
What does Elon Musk think about ISRO's launch of 104 satellites?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
What are your points to be considered while starting a Education Start up?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
What's all this fuss about starting a startup and becoming an entrepreneur?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
Is this news real about Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and New Zeland?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How can you mitigate VC bias against single-founder startups?
Is there a link between the entrepreneur’s Internet skills and the performance of its online startup?
How are college dropouts so successful entrepreneurs like Mark Zuckerberg?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Is creating a hardware startup worth it in today’s app-centric world?
Could you give some practical advices to help founders getting into Y Combinator?
Why aren't more women founders getting funded?
What is the story of Elon Musk?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
What are important tech and entrepreneurial conventions in San Francisco?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Why should you start your own company?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
I want to become an online entrepreneur, but I don't have a back account. How can I make money?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
What title is suitable for a young founder on name card?
What is Jimmy Wales favourite book?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
How do I find startups, non-profits, or mid-sized companies interested in working with students on collaborative coding projects?
What are some differentiating characteristics between Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Where can I find the best entrepreneurs to help me start a company, or to be guided and learn from them?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Who becomes CEO among co founders?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
Which incident motivated you to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What is more beneficial for founding a startup: working as a programmer or as a manager in an established company?
Can you become an entrepreneur or a startup founder without studying computer science?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
Would you mentor an entrepreneur who resides in India?
How can I build a startup without cofounder?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
Is there startup inflation?
I have a startup idea. What is the best way to find a co-founder developer for my startup?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
How do I become a "right founder"?
What happens to authorized and unissued common shares remaining after founders and pool have been issued common, and investors received preferred?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
Where can I find some examples of interview experiences that people had before becoming entrepreneurs?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
Adam D'Angelo, how should I prepare myself so that I can join your company?
How does an inventor get into start-ups without an entrepreneurial nature?
Does Mark Zuckerberg really intend to make a more civically engaged and wiser community?
Why do most start up end up before financing?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite and most treasured philanthropic moment or act?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Is it worth it to be an entrepreneur in Latin America (Mexico especially)?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
If I work like Elon Musk can I build something great in Malaysia?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What are some examples of women entrepreneurs who have built Unicorn companies?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
I am a non-technical founder starting an ecommerce site with minimal experience in this field. What position should I fill first to help me start?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
What could former startups do to build more than one breakout product? Are there any recommended strategies?
What stops an online startup from being replicated by a bigger competitor?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What do virtual assistants do?
What would Steve Jobs be doing right now if he was seventeen today?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
When you create a new project or idea for a startup, how exactly do you get your initial demo out there?
Do most startups distribute shares to all of the employees when they are going to the next round?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is structure of CO?
For the years that I worked for someone, I was putting on an act, and it was only when I started my own startup that I enjoyed myself. What is wrong with me?
What did Elon musk do about procrastination?
Being a tech-founder, I have zero technical friends to have as a co-founder, How can I find one?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
Can I get Adam D'Angelo to review my start-up and offer suggestions?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
What is the scope of the entrepreneurship-based training of NIESBUD? Do they help Indian women in establishing themselves as entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Does studying for the ACCA help in starting your own business, such as being an entrepreneur?
What are the most important books for startup founders to read?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
What are the most common mistakes that first-time entrepreneurs make, and how can they be avoided?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What market is bigger: entrepreneurs or corporate world?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
What are the challenges facing an immigrant entrepreneur?
How do I find a cofounder without losing the idea?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
What are the demographics/psychographics of entrepreneurs starting tech or other growth-oriented companies?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
What are the difficulties as a graduate to start a startup?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
How do you define the startup stereotype?
What are 3 pieces of advice every entrepreneur should know?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
Does Quora provide any special access to Jimmy Wales?
Will Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick be fired for his treatment of a driver?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
What should CEO/Founder need to do, to be approached by VCs?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
I want to open a food truck business. Will this happen for me?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
Can you really make a startup with $0?
How does Elon Musk deal with his libido?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Are there any groups in India for aspiring food entrepreneurs?
How will the neural lace transform human intelligence?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
Can I outsource the marketing of an initial startup?
How would you use $60 as an entrepreneur?
What is the process to be followed after I found a startup incubator program that suits me if I have not developed the product yet?
I'm thinking about traveling for a little bit after finishing highschool to clear my mind and find more friends, where should I go?
Which field has the potential for launching startups in the near future?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are IPOs important for aspiring investor-entrepreneurs/intrapreneurs?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are some useful metrics for healthcare startups?
Why Elon Musk said flying car cannot be consider as an alternate of road traffic?
Should I contact others CEOs of successful startups to look for advice or guidance to build my startup?
What are some startups that work at the intersection of tech and government?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
How apps like Jodel, After School, Yik Yak and Unseen started?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
What are the examples of most dumbest startups, that become successful later in its years?
As a startup, what would you like to get from a co-work space as a 'Startup Kit'?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
What are the best ways to fund a hardware startup as an alternative to VC / angel funding?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Is there any other political positions Mark Zuckerberg is a likely candidate for, given he said he's not currently planning to run as President?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
What are pros/cons of being a cofounder? What are the financial/legal liabilities especially if the startup fails?
How do I find a business partner or founding team members?
What is Elon musk creating?
Does Jimmy Wales come off as a pretentious Chardonnay socialist?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
Did you manage to find a job after your startup failed?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Why was it a bigger deal that the CEO of Uber was working with Donald Trump, but not so much that Elon Musk is?
Has anyone set up a successful external mentoring programme for all employees at a startup?
What are some websites/apps that let users post their startup ideas on, let people make recommendations and find cofounders to work with?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
How does one become a successful entrepreneur? What are some key qualities and important things to keep in mind when growing as an entrepreneur?
How do I know if my ideas are realistic?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
How can I meet fellow entrepreneurs online?
What would you do if you had to launch a new startup to profitability and growth as soon as possible?
Who are some famous examples of hustlers, hipsters and hackers?
I am working as a freelancer for agencies and I want a successful colleague to teach me how to attract direct clients. What can I offer him in return?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
How big of a problem do you think startup burnout is for startup founders & entrepreneurs?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
Are there startup learning tools?
How do I know that I have what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
Why does everyone call themselves an entrepreneur?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Will Uber CEO Travis Kalanick be able to effectively lead the company to success after the multiple scandals that hit him and Uber in 2017?
What is musk?
Does a founder risk bankruptcy and losing his money in a private company? Doesn't he make a non fluctuating profit?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
According to Jimmy Wales, how will sleep help me excel in life?
Is there a free blog or social media where entrepreneurs share ideas and conversations?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Why do so many startup founders come from Stanford?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
What does James Altucher think of Elon Musk?
Why can't anyone be as bright as Elon Musk?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
Does Jimmy Wales own a machete?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Can a foreigner be a co-founder of a company in the US?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How can a BBA graduate become a successful and innovative entrepreneur in E-COMMERCE?
Which of these majors should an entrepreneur chose: Accounting, Marketing, Economics, Business Law, Management, or Finance?
What does Elon Musk think about ISRO? Does he feel threatened?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
Do venture capitalists have idle cash?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What percent of VC startups reach 10 million ARR?
How many people are on a start up team?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
How do I find co-founder/s who love reading a lot?
How do I get entrepreneurs to gather into a community that will offer them several services?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What language should I know before starting a startup company of my own?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
I have a potential online business idea but no money. If I try crowdsourcing or look for a Tech Co-Founder, can I still be the main owner?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
What are some cool and creative names for an Internet based startup?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What are the best business startups in villages?
Has Jimmy Wales been to Bangalore?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
How should I present my requests to my co-founder?
Why is it hard for an international student to create his own startup under an F1 visa, when this startup can create jobs for native and local Americans?
Do people like Elon Musk, the late Steve Jobs and Richard Branson know about and watch stuff like Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Friends, movies, and porn like normal people do?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
What 1 book would you recommend to a person that immigrated to the USA so that they can understand what our founders wanted to create?
How do you execute well?
How much it would cost to make an app like Houseparty?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Can one join a company as an employee while he/she is the director of his/her own company?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
How do entrepreneurs raise money for their hedge funds?
How did Elon Musk start an internet company without any technical skills?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
What apps will you find in the phones of Obama and Mark Zuckerberg?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
How do you get rid of that lonely feeling as a startup founder?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
How many cars does Jimmy Wales own and which one of them is his personal favourite?
Why is healthcare and technology the most hot sectors pursued by entrepreneurs currently?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
How do I define founding stakes in a new company?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
How can I send Jimmy Wales an email?
Is it risky to get into industries that you aren't very experienced in as an entrepreneur?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
How can I email the Facebook founders?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
Are there any examples of con artists launching "startups" to swindle VC money?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What are your biggest time wasters in your startup or business?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Which startup founders have court cases against them for erotomania, such as paedophilia or are paedophiles ?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
I'm a sole founder. I want to bring on co-founders. What is a fair equity split?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
How many shares and/or salary can I give a Cofounder/CTO? The platform is 70% developed by my paid freelancer web developer.
How should/can I become entrepreneur?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
Which entrepreneurs truly derived most of their wealth from software engineering?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
Which is the best countries to start a online travel agency?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
What makes a great startup name?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
How can I learn CS at the level of (relatively speaking) Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Bill Gates, etc.?
What advice would you give to a new entrepreneur?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
How does one attract or find a part time senior developer as first employee in a bootstrapped startup with a well received MVP but no revenues?
How much do CEOs make?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
As an Angel investor, what are the top three things you look for in a potential investment?
How would YOU pitch your startup that hopes to actually 'change the world'?
What are some risk stories of successful entrepreneurs?
Why is Ronald Wayne not known to many, inspite he was also a founder of Apple?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
How can I find a co-founder for an AI research startup?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
Can Elon Musk take us to Mars? If so, would it be in a Tesla rocket spaceship?
What would be the billion dollar advice for a startup?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
If Elon Musk thought being President was the best route to accomplish his main goals, would he run (if he was legally allowed)?
What are some companies or investors, like Lok Capital, that are willing to invest in agriculture startup ideas?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Who is the founder of HP?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
Should I form a startup that break the norm?
Do you know you look like younger brother of Elon Musk?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
How can I start a small online delivery service?
What should I study at university to become a tech founder?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How do I quit a job I just started?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
How can I register my start up in the UK from my country, Egypt? And what are the benefits of being a UK company?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
Who are the most prominent non-technical startup founders?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Any good names for technical startup?
I have a startup idea for a laptop choosing service, how do I evaluate it's usefulness?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
Can a corporate lawyer explain some aspects of business to a new entrepreneur?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
What are the three main things a CEO of a start-up should do?
What is Jimmy Wales' worst professional experience?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the pros and cons of single-founded and co-founded startups?
Who is the father/founder of Osteometry?
Would you advise going alone or looking for a co-founder when starting a business?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
Do 500 startups invest in single founder startup?
How should I distract myself from good paying job offers a founder of a bootstrapped startup?
Has networking really helped your startup?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
If I have good technical background as a developer and am starting my startup should I play the development team leader role or should I hire one?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Who are the founders of Erasmus program?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
What city on Silicon Valley is the best for an entrepreneur?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
What things should first-time entrepreneurs look out for in their team?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
How do dev roles in startups change as the startup grows?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What made Elon Musk an innovator?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
What can I learn in 10sec about being an entrepreneur?
What can/should I do before starting a startup?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
What should be your daily routine, when you are planning to start a BPO?
I have an invention that can generate eco-friendly energy for free without the need of sun, wind or water power. How to get funded?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
Why doesn't Elon Musk read a book about public speaking to fix his speech impediment?
What would be your first thoughts about me if I told you I deleted Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat but kept my 8-10 daily newsletters and Quora?
What a non-tech person should learn to start a tech start-up?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
What is the most successful non-tech start up in the last 10 years?
Why are there so many Elon Musk fanboys when all of his current businesses are unproven and may never succeed?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the best entrepreneur ecosystem available in the world?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
I have a invention idea which increases electricity production of energy plant? How do I implement it?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What are the most important lessons aspiring founders can learn from Kalanick and Chesky?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
Is creating a lemonade stand considered entrepreneurial?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
Can I form a company but keep my name secret as a founder?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
In which sector should you not start a startup today?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
How do I write a mail to the founder of any startup to describe him the idea you have for the implementation in their business?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How did Elon Musk manage to make friends in a new city while working al the time?
United Kingdom: What low risk business can I start with £1000?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
What are the essential qualification to be a entrepreneur?
As an entrepreneur who started out with little money, how did you fund your company?
How do people still afford to live?
What is the startup scene like in Oxford and England in general?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
What were the first words Steve Jobs spoke to you?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do I get a co-founders in Dubai?
What are 3 things you must know as a new full-time online entrepreneur?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Who are some famous entrepreneurs from engineering background (and only a few people know about it)?
Can an Indian open company in the UK avail EIS by raising GBP 200,000 from UK investors? Can the founders migrate to the UK under a Tier 1 visa if the focus is UK markets?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
Who are some loner/reserved/no-friends tech founders?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
Can you suggest me some idea for a startup related to construction industry?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are the important things for entrepreneurs to do when starting a company?
Who is/was more imaginative - Elon Musk or Steve Jobs?
What problems do you face while running your Startup?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
Is Smartron startup a success?
When do I need to register LLC or C-Corp in every one state, where I sell ?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
How do you know when your startup is viable?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What is another card like founders card?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
Is Elon Musk boring?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
My life is crumbling need help a full time student aspiring to be an entrepreneur while being in debit theirs more to my story for anyone withadvice?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
What are best ideas startup to export in other countries?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
Do I have to learn engineering to be an entrepreneur?
What happens if a co-founder quits during an acceleration/incubation program?
How can Indian entrepreneurs nurture and exploit entrepreneurship and a startup ecosystem?
How can I explain to a newly grad with no startup experience that a 15% equity position for doing nothing other than ideating is very reasonable?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
What do you think are the pros and cons of taking investments early (before you have paying customers)?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Do startup founders get salaries for survival in the early stages of the company’s growth?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
What are some famous technical entrepreneurs in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
What startups are well known for starting without customers?
What are some stories that showcase the cleverness of entrepreneurs in personal interactions that helped them in business?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
Who is the founder of Shell Oil Company?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
How do I change my title as Founder & CEO after selling a company?
As Dropbox Co-Founder, what is your advice for a student who have just an idea for a startup company and want to implement it in the right way?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
I started working for a startup where my CTO is 1 year younger than me, what can I learn from such condition ?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
Are there any teen entrepreneurs out there in India?
What are the important things you need to be an entrepreneur?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Who was the real founder of Azad Hind Sena?
How are thousands of so called "Founders of startups" surviving in Bangalore? What do they do for a living as most startups are not even funded?
Do I need to prepare for JEE if I aspire to become an entrepreneur?
Did Elon Musk really pour 100% of his money into Tesla and SpaceX or he put 1-2 million dollars aside?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
At what age did Elon Musk lose his virginity?
What might the idea have been in the mind of Steve Jobs before launching the iPhone?
I live near Silicon Valley and have heard of something called "startup weekend". Is this real/viable and how does one get involved?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
Everyone claims to be an entrepreneur. Many are proud to hustle. What is the best way to cash in that trend?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
What is the possibility that Elon Musk will be one of the crew for the new SpaceX moon swing-by mission?
What is the best storyline to provide a technical status update to a CEO without the technical terms?
How can I gain traction like Quora?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
Which banks allow one to open a US bank account for a Delaware corporation as a non-resident?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
What is the main reason of failure of a startup? Why does most startups have hard time scalling-up
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Where should an entrepreneur go to learn how to launch a startup or small business and/or for help and resources along the way?
For an enterprise B2B company, is underpricing to gain traction a good strategy?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Is entrepreneurship only meant for techies?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the highest growing startups?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
What are the few amazing stories of Indian entrepreneurs who were college dropouts?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Is going to business school worth it to become an entrepreneur?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
When startup owners sell stake in their company and get funding for that, where does the funding money go? Into the company or owners’ pocket?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
Is there a course of everything about business/organization development?
What are some questions first-time startup founders should be asking?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
How did Peter Thiel go from law school to PayPal?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
Who are some great under-20 entrepreneurs in India?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Should Lonely Planet reply to me after they asked me for information on my travel tech startup?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
Are healthcare costs a big deterrent for Silicon Valley entrepreneurs?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Is Elon Musk right to be worried about the possibility of another global war and/or anti-technology movements?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
What is a social startup?
Who is the founder of Quora and when did it start?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
Who are some founders or CEOs who have a long time horizon and are not worried about short term results?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
I want an ex IIT student to be a co-founder in our startup. What are the groups/blogs/message boards where I can post this requirement?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
Would startups give up equity for office space? Looking for Founders perspectives
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
How do entrepreneurs meet girls in India?
Is Elon Musk planning to go to TRAPPIST-1?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Why there aren't top writers in the Elon Musk topic?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How did Google start up?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
How do Bill Gates and many other founders maintain control of their companies, even after their shares got diluted to being a minority shareholder?
Is it feasible and worthwhile for a non-technical startup founder to learn to code, enough to build the software's architecture?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
Will Elon Musk save human species from extinction?
Is Elon Musk a narcissist?
How does one begin becoming an entrepreneur and make it so far like you?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
Is it possible to get funding for a non-local startup if you live outside of US and can't afford Silicon Valley trips? Are there such examples?
From where did Rakesh Gangwal founder of indigo airlines got money to start such a big airline?
What is the best strategy for a new internet startup with a live prototype, What do you first focus on? Do you start looking for customers or funding?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What does Elon Musk plan to do about the fact that we have limited lithium?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What are ways to register as a Chinese domestic company, since the co-founder and legal representative can only register the company in Hong Kong?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
What would you advise a genius entrepreneur with no clue how to get his products live and run the ship himself, if he had to work alone?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
I have an option of developing both technical and non-technical background before I found a startup. Should I dive into both or I better choose one?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Why did you decide to be an entrepreneur?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
Why do so many young entrepreneurs think their ideas are worth billions?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How old were Mark Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates when they started their businesses?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
How much should we have for a startup company?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
What are the necessary details one should kept in his mind while starting his startup so that it will not get failed in future?
When did Elon musk become successful?
How could one start his own business if he is good at handicrafts?
One of my co-founders is incompetent, and sometimes throws around insults. Is it time to let him go?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How much time at the beginning of a startup must Founders spend together, without interruptions, to get off to a good start?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
How does top entrepreneur passes time?
What is the difference between an entrepreneur in the 1% and an ordinary person in the 99%?
Would studying Entrepreneurship help me avoid making common mistakes opposed to a "Born" entrepreneur?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
Did you face any co founder conflicts. If yes how did you resolve them?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any networking events for tech entrepreneurs at Silicon Valley that is held on weekends regularly?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How do I find a technical cofounder as a teen startup?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
If you only had $10,000 credit line, what lucrative businesses would you get into?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
What are the three most important topics to include in a leadership course transforming startup founders into confident, competent CEOs?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
Do venture capitalists and the industry discriminate against older founders?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What is the social life like of an entrepreneur/investor?
How many of you know about Bihar Entrepreneurs Association (BEA)?
What are some startup secrets that every entrepreneur should know?
What courses should I take to become an expert tech entrepreneur?
Money attracts everyone. How does Jimmy Wales manage to be an exception?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
Each time I have a revolutionary idea I would like to execute, I find out it's already taken - am I therefore unlikely to become a good entrepreneur?
Why do most startups fail before they even succeed?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Who is the first successful woman in entrepreneurship?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
Are most entrepreneurs ever going to get it right, or are all of their ventures probably going to fail no matter how many times they try?
Can introverts become successful entrepreneurs?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
What are the best and coolest networking spaces and hubs for startups in your opinion?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
Do you need technical background to start a tech startup?
Is a startup co-founder ever legally prohibited from resigning?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
Why don't big companies make bold moves, like Elon Musk and Steve Jobs?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
How do I find a job in start-up companies?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
How do I find technical co-founders on IdeaGist?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
Why do a lot of people keep thinking Elon Musk is just a good marketer and businessman?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
Do investors in startups also want the founder to invest money?
Would you say that Mark Zuckerberg is a good guy or doing good things?
What makes an entrepreneur choose the area of her specialty?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
What are the basics of a startup?
Did you dream to be a entrepreneur since childhood or when? Can anyone become entrepreneur by chance?
Can I monetise a concept that is not mine?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
Would Tesla be better off if Elon Musk was managing only this company?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What are the (dis)advantages of having multiple companies doing one thing each (Elon Musk) vs. having one company doing a lot of things (Google)?
Is it a good idea to give my technical team weekly sessions about entrepreneurship?
How can I motivate other startup founders to work?
What happens if you hire a coder who is better than the CTO of the startup?
What are the most successful companies built around the Amazon ecosystem?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
How do I start work with already existing startups?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
What does the schedule of an effective Founder, CEO of a Product Studio / Agency look like?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
Would Jimmy Wales meet with me in a New Jersey Starbucks to discuss a variety of topics?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
Are tech start up entrepreneurs mostly a bunch of Well meaning neoliberal libertarian anarchists who are only interested in making billions?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
Is it fine to give more then 50% of the shares to someone else who is willing to put money and resources into business and save it from failing?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
What is the founding story behind Sirocco apparel?
What is your advice for young entrepreneurs?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
What carriers should entrepreneurs chose?
Are entrepreneurs more likely to cheat and gamble?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
Are tenacity and strategic thinking the key traits of successful entrepreneurs?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
Where can I find local entrepreneurs that need investment?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
If Jimmy Wales was a normal person (not popular), what would he be doing in life?
What do Indians think about Elon Musk?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
What would Jimmy Wales do if he had to start again?
What would you ask to your favorite entrepreneur (author/specialist/CEO/consultant) if you had the opportunity?
How much a start up CEO makes?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
Why do Snap's founders and investors have shorter lock-up periods than employees post-IPO?
Are you nurturing young entrepreneurs under your wings?
Which kind of startup is more likely to succeed in Ranchi?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
How can I meet Elon Musk for even 1 minute?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
What is an inspirational story of an entrepreneur who navigated harrowing roadblocks to get a vision or dream started?
How did you find a co-founder/team for your startup?
How much money did the founder of bitcoin make?
How many from MICA have started their own start up after 2012 BATCH?
Should startups aim to become a painkiller or a vitamin?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Does Mark Zuckerberg have something personal against Spiegel?
How can I become influential?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
What are the most important skills an entrepreneur should work on himself?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What are the pros and cons of becoming the co-founder in early stage of career?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
If I invest $500K into my startup, how should that divide into my ownership?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
Does Jimmy Wales get recognized in public?
Did Elon Musk patent his reusable takeoff and landing rockets?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Which represent you best - being a writer or being an entrepreneur?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
What things should one keep in mind while pitching a startup idea?
How is working for a startup?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
How risky is it to start your own company?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
What experiences in your young adult life led you to become an entrepreneur?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What is the founder of Total S.A?
What are best and worst industries to start a business in? Is there any rating?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
How do I start a startup sideways while working in a another company?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
I would like to launch my startup but I do not know enough great people, what should I do?
As a VC or angel investor, how did you get convinced by a startup without a co-founder?
How can I find and recruit a technical cofounder as a non-technical cofounder?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
Is JP Maroney the founder of Harbor City Capital, Florida?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is the one piece of advice you would give young entrepreneurs with online businesses?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do you make the best use of your EMI options?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
What is the problem with an idealist and an early stage entrepreneur trying to execute their idea? What if they can pitch directly to an industry expert, VCs, or an angel?
Our hurdle is currently distribution of our product. What channels am I missing or should be pursuing to grow our startup without a strategic partner?
How did it feel to interview Elon Musk?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
Who is the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Who are the co-founders of very big companies but are very less popular?
What are examples of great early stage startup websites?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
Space X: Does any employees at Tesla and Space X ever see Elon Musk reading? If so how and what does he read?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How does it feel to meet Amit Bhardwaj (Founder of GBMiners) in person?
Is there any data that shows how many startup founders worked at other startups before founding their own company?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
Can I include my 6 months startup founder experience in my resume?
How much does the founder of a CEO company make a year if it's very successful?
Is there a way to develop an entrepreneurs mindset?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What is the secret of people (likes of Swami Vivekananda, Elon Musk) with a photographic memory?
Do you meet Elon Musk ofter as an OpenAI employee?
As a founder, should I also invest money elsewhere?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
Is it possible for an entrepreneur to get along with non entrepreneurs? (I talk about ideas, they talk about people & things)
What are the problems Elon musk is having getting a better range on his cars?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite movie and why?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How can I get my pending salary from a startup?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
How much time does an entrepreneur spend a week watching television?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
How did startup founders execute their ideas?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
Which is the best ever startup?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
For a startup, what kind of information about users and market that I need to know?
If you believe that you have a very good idea but are unable to bring it to market, is there a way to profit by selling the idea to someone else?
Why don't India have awesome tech giants like the US & mind boggling startups like the Tesla, SpaceX etc?
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What start-ups and companies have their offices at BHIVE Workspace?
What was your most difficult experience as an entrepreneur and how did you handle it?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
Steve Blank said, ‘all founders in a web or mobile startup need to learn how to code’. Do you agree?
What Jimmy Wales do when he can't fall asleep?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Is it necessary to have experience in a managerial role in order to be a successful entrepreneur? To what extent is it helpful for setting up a new startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
What does Elon Musk look like?
How do I become a founder in a corporation in Minnesota under 18?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
How should I continue with my Kickstarter funded business?
What I need to know if I want to be a tech entrepreneur from business background?
I am working on a business idea from last 1 year.Can someone (outside India) who has experience of leading a startup (CEO,CTO,VC..) review my website?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
What are vital skills for entrepreneurs to learn?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
How many startups have you worked for/on, so far?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
What made Elon Musk decide to get a degree in physics?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How can a start up Paleo business find wholesale ingredients?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
What the top 20 entrepreneurs in the world answered, when they were asked how they became successful?
Are you a start-up that wants to be reviewed?
What advice do you have for a budding Indian entrepreneur?
What are the problems that I will face in starting a startup if I am not 18 years old?
What makes a founder amazing and worth investing in?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Which 5 famous people from the 20th century history would you pick to play Monopoly, Charades and Ker-Plunk?
Do people like Elon musk & Bill Gates know a lot about business or do they take advise from people who know more?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
What is the entrepreneurial style of bringing ideas to life through tangible plans called?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
How can I (as a teen) develop the major skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
What do you know about startups?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
How does a startup founder avoid the trap of babysitting every detail of projects that people are working on?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
Should I leave college to build my empire?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What are some of history's greatest stories of getting zuckerberged?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
How do I become an entrepreneur if I don't have a business idea?
Who are Elon Musk’s top competitors?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
When did you realize entrepreneurship was for you?
How does Elon Musk feel about what just happened in Benghazi?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
When should you realise a start up is not working?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
How good is the network at Elon?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
Can I become advocate and entrepreneur at the same time?
How can you know if any US-based tech startups/early stage companies are interested to set up in India?
What is your best marketing advice for an entrepreneur who is from technology background?
What are your banking experiences as an entrepreneur in India?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
As an executive, business owner or a serial entrepreneur, what are your top 3 challenges?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
If we can build tunnels under cities like Elon Musk said why can't we build homes?
Why is Elon Musk preventing Tesla plant workers from organizing and asserting their rights?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
How can I create an app for a startup?
How do I start a company in the United states with a co-founder in India?
What online tools one should adopt to create awareness for a start up firm?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
In which area of agriculture can I become an entrepreneur in North India?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What are some great ways to get the media to write/report on your apps kickstarter campaign?
What does a graduate student bring to the table as a founder/director in an online start up? What kind of PE is interested in PhDs?
How to find more teenage entrepreneurs like yourself worldwide?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
What are some successful tech companies across the globe which has solo Founders ?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
How is your startup going?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Who is the founder of Adamjee Group?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
Is it a coincidence that some of the most successful tech entrepreneurs attended ivy leagues / great universities?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
How much should startup founders get paid?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Entrepreneurs, what does your spouse do to support you that helps you achieve more success? Do you ask for help, or does he/she just do it?
In the timeline of a technology startup, when is it most likely that professional graphic design services are needed?
If you are an entrepreneur, would you mind helping me by answering a couple of questions?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Are successful people both smart and hard working ? Or is one of them is enough to be successful ?
How can I be taken seriously as a teenage entrepreneur who has already had success?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
Did Steve Jobs make fortune on the backs of children?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Does Jimmy Wales believe in God? Why?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Would these startup founders get an equivalent pay package if they applied for a job in a Fortune 100 company?
Who is an entrepreneur and what kind of job does one do? If someone tells me that he is an entrepreneur, what should I understand from that?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
What is a startup prospect?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
What are the successful startups Who made significant contribution to society?
What problems do first time entrepreneurs in Singapore face?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
What are ways of creating MVP (website, mobile app) without technical background?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
How old can you be to start a start-up?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
Should I learn programming as a non-technical co-founder?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What have startup founders done as their main job before they left to work on their startup?
What is the best HR software for growing start up (more than 600 employees)?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
Who are some well-known serial entrepreneurs in Andhra?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build a MVP on their own?
What is an IoT startup?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Did you "Mark Zuckerberg" anyone like you stole credit?
At what age did Elon Musk find his first girlfriend?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
What does it take to be a founder of a IT company?
How do founders get paid?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
How do entrepreneurs motivate their employees?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
How would Jimmy Wales improve the public school system?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do I find an awesome technical co-founder for a bootstrapped startup?
Who is the founder of Hitachi?
How can a marketing co-founder show their work before launching a website?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
What is the best advice for a first time start up CEO?
What email address should I put on my business card if I am a serial entrepreneur?
Should a founder withdraw small amount as a salary if the startup has initial seed investment of 1M?
Has anyone asked to work for Jimmy Wales?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
What is preventing you from becoming an entrepreneur?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
When will Jimmy Wales meet Narendra Modi?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
How can I start up with 10$?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
Are you a better salesman, being a founder of your startup? If so, what are your techniques?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
Does Jimmy Wales believe that the internet can be provided free of cost, worldwide, in the near future?
How much seed capital did Mark Zuckerberg use to launch Facebook before getting with the big shot investors? How much did he bootstrap with early on?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
What are the best resources for a non-tech entrepreneur to learn coding while building his startup?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Should I do CA to become an entrepreneur?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Would you invest in a driven charismatic young entrepreneur?
What have been your most inspirational experiences as an entrepreneur and investor?
Can you be an entrepreneur without being an extrovert?
How can one empower the startup?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
How do I stop comparing myself to other successful young entrepreneurs?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
How mature is the startup ecosystem in Barcelona (exits, investment, events, etc.)?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
What is it like to work with a Mediocre slogging technical co-founder?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
What are some good summer entrepreneur ideas?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
How do I help to market a business through the development of an Android application?
What skills can I learn to be a better entrepreneur?
How will a start-up visa work if there are two or more cofounders outside the country?
I've always wanted to be a doctor and always an entrepreneur, can someone critique my idea?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
What are the best examples of successful low tech startups?
What are the successful startups from T-hub?
Have startup founders or CEOs faced difficulty in hiring non-immigrants, because of the H1B and other visas?
Where can I get a technical cofounder for my startup from Ranchi?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How does Elon Musk deal with burnout? Does he even experience it?
Is It necessary for a startup or a company that's private to write a letter and indicate the reasons why they close to the public?
What adds real value to your startup?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
What would be the best way to get advice from experienced entrepeneurs regarding your startup?
What do all successful entrepreneurs have in common?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
What are the best budget friendly methods of getting new clients in a B2B business?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
What documentation should you provide to a new employee to begin business development for your startup?
What are some of the conferences or public meetings on entrepreneurs in India?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
Do Jimmy Wales appreciate Jim Carrey?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
Should a generic pharma company be built next to a bulk drug-API mfg. company, and will there be any tech. & environmental issues if they are built next to each other?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
How do I sell my idea to existing, or new, startups?
How many startups have you launched, and how did you recognize the market’s need for your business?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
I'm 18 and I want to build a big agency, what books or learning material would you recommend?
What are some things I should know as an aspiring entrepreneur?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg crush competitors?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
Which programming competition start-up websites like (Codechef or Hackerrank) had to be turned down or closed because they weren’t successful?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
How would Mark Zuckerberg go about becoming President?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What should I do to become a lawyer and an entrepreneur?
What role did hair transplant play in Elon Musk's success?
How you think this startup should be implemented?
What are some on the startups you think have a great potential in the coming years?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Which is the youngest company founded in the world?
Is Elon Musk turning into a Trump supporter?
How can I start a business in Italy?
Why does Elon Musk rent a house?
Who are some entrepreneurs who single handedly saturated a market through their company?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
What are some good ideas for a new start-up?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What potential (business development strategy) do you see in a virtual tour platform with 15K tours of private businesses?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
I co-founded a tech startup and we are building an app. An angel has recently invested £50,000, what is the value of my 40% equity?
If you could meet any religious founder today who will you meet?
How can we bring an end to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What is present start up in our country?
How can organizational culture reinvent a company?
Why do some startups win?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
How do I find co-founders (and do I need them)?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
Is there a way to practice sales phone calls (even for free) without getting employed?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
How was your experience with the Hatchery Summer Cohort at the University of Toronto?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
Where can one find a Good Co-founder for a startup?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
Can you tell me why in the past you decided to be either entrepreneur or investor?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
As a startup founder and CTO sometimes I feel like employee number zero with founder shares, is there something wrong?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the startup code?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
Who was the founder of Uber?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
Why was Steve Jobs so amazing at marketing?
What are the things to be considered for a Startup firm?
Why is Elon Musk one of the great entrepreneur?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the average compensation for a VP of business development at a healthcare start-up technology firm?
Who is the founder of Quora and what was his/her purpose of the service?
Why won’t the founder(s) of Samsung be remembered quite like Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniack?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
What were the ups and downs of Mark Zuckerberg's life, and how did he overcome them?
What are your experiences in working with startups other than eCommerce or App based startups?
Is there any chemical engineer entrepreneurs?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
How should entrepreneurs approach the valuation question?
How will Amazon monetize Alexa?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
What are the most important qualities a startup founder needs to be successful?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
What are the biggest mistakes first time SaaS entrepreneur make?
How do we respond when sued by ex-founder for unpaid wages in California?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
How do entrepreneurs find motivation?
What is the next step for my test prep startup which I built alone with $6000 in revenue, knowing that I spend $560 to build it?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why did MixBIt by YouTube founders fail?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
Is it mandatory for an early stage start-up founder (CEO) to like the industry of his start-up in order to thrive and succeed?
How would Jimmy Wales react if there was an entire wikia dedicated to him, and only him?
What can earn you more respect in India - being an IAS officer or an entrepreneur?
What is the best bachelors and masters for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
What are the challenges that an entrepreneur faces in the healthcare sector?
Why do many entrepreneurs don't succeed?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
I'm co-founder and have no real investment money but Is there any way to buy out current CEO of my startup?
Why does Elon Musk say ''Our main competitors are national governments and hence the enforceability of patents is questionable", in his 2013 TED talk?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
I have to fire someone in my startup. What is your advice?
What should I do if I am running out of money in my bootstrapped startup?
Who is the founder of Accor?
How much would the two CEO founders of a company in Manhattan make if their company made $10 million in the 1st year?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Do startup founders typically receive additional stock grants after their initial 4 year vesting period?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so socially awkward?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
Would Elon Musk be such a huge success had he gone to some public university in the USA instead of Wharton (University of Pennsylvania)?
Founders: Did you utilize a brand strategist when you initially started your company?
Is anyone, knowledgeable about Elon Musk and what he does, interested in participating in an interview about him?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
Do you reach out to celebrities or famous people to see if they are interested in joining Quora (Elon Musk, Katy Perry, Tim Cook)?
I have validated ideas with a patent attorney for a startup. Do I learn coding or source a great technical co-founder, and if so, how?
How can founder make money for himself from a funded startup illegaly?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
When does the feeling of being trapped inside your business (startup/scalable non-tech company) wear off?
If a prospective buyer wants to do a code and database review, how do I prepare for this part of my startup exit?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
What do you think of Elon Musk's involvement in politics and the Trump administration?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
What can startups learn from Buzzfeed's impending failure?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
What significant changes would we see if Elon Musk did not exist?
Is it a good thing to never take any life advice from people you don't want to be like and take only from those who you would want to be like?
Who is the founder of edutap?
What advice do you have for first-time entrepreneurs selling a product?
Which are the activities and books that can help me to be a successful entrepreneur?
I want to be a doctor but also an entrepreneur, what do I do?
Should I put my own money for startup?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Does Elon Musk have any interest in visiting the moon or establishing a base there?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Should I continue my project, even if I find out that it was completed abroad? See details.
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
What advice you can give to a teenager who dreams to found a startup in future?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
How do I define the success of a startup?
What are the most promising Silicon Valley startups to watch for in 2017?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
What are possible (realistic) responses to asking for charity or guidance from a CEO in the limelight whom you have never met but deeply respect?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
How important is the quality of our platform in a marketplace startup?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How can I start a sustainable web development firm in a small town in India?
What country is Joe Armstrong (co-founder of Erlang) from?
What steps can I take to become a nutritionist?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
Can I join army and still become an entrepreneur while being an CS engineer from IIT?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
What if Elon Musk was born in India, what problems he might have faced do you think he could have achieved same feat as he did being an American?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What do startup CEOs use for tracking relationships and communication with investors and potential partners?
Currently, what is the most efficient way for like-minded investors and entrepreneurs to connect?
What are the most successful platform startup that Sangeet Paul Choudary advise?
Are there any high-quality public WhatsApp and Slack channels for startup founders?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is "create the illusion of choice" strategy in business ethical?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
What are some things that entrepreneurs should know before starting a startup?
What are the biggest struggles of soul based entrepreneurs? (Light workers, Energy Workers, Psychics)
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
To what extent do you agree with the following statement: "entrepreneurs must also be early adopters to be successful."?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
Why does Jimmy Wales not support young teenagers who have entrepreneurship qualities?
Where can I get support for my startup idea?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
How well did Caltech prepare you to be a startup founder and CEO?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
How can I successfully date a Pisces guy who is also a triathlete and entrepreneur?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
Does Elon Musk suffer from anxiety?
What qualities is required to become entrepreneur?
Who was the founder of sound?
Who's the founder of the dictionry?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
Who are some successful ENTP Entrepreneurs ?
How do I write a business model?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
Is VIT good for entrepreneurship?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
How much time would it take me to learn app developing from scratch?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
I wish to make a career in consulting, is there any particular startup is this sector?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
As an ambitious and young entrepreneur should I learn coding?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What would be a valuation model for app development agency?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are the benefits to a beginning entrepreneur if he have an Indian Patent?
In India is it possible for an under age to be an entrepreneur?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
If the entrepreneur’s goal is to monopolize a marketplace, then why do so many people want to start companies in the tech industry?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
How do I find a co-founder or partner for a startup in Lebanon?
What should be the attitude of an entrepreneur among people he is meeting for the first time?
Who is the most fearless entrepreneur of all times?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Which IIT has produced the most startups?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
You are a manager and you want to hire a UX designer. How do you choose him?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Does a PM at Uber have a better chance of creating a great company as an entrepreneur?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
Who can evaluate or provide feedback on my Idea?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
How do I interview engineers for startup for first time CEO?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Tell me the truth: Do all entrepreneurs worry that they're taking too much risk and at the same time worry that they're not being big and bold enough?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
I'm a new entrepreneur. How will creating systems help me?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
I have a brilliant pitch for Jimmy Wales. Can he reply?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
What are some ideas of startups for a Startup Weekend?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
What questions should a start-up founder ask a potential business partner?
What are the benefits of switching from Founder to Employee?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Can someone with a technical background create a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
What has your experience been like as a woman entrepreneur in a male-dominated sector?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
Which Indian colleges provide the best support to entrepreneurs?
What does imagination mean for Jimmy Wales?
What are the steps to become entrepreneur electronic?
What advice would you like to give future entrepreneurs?
How much should equity be discounted relative to cash for my pay at my startup?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Shops and Businesses give discount to customers and at the same time give cut to the coupon provider company. How do companies make profit then?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
Does anyone feel like kicking Mark Zuckerberg in the nuts?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
What do you think of Tai Lopez?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Is Kimbel Musk taller than Elon Musk?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
How can I build a business using Snapchat?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
How can startup founders get the most out of their relationship with investors?
Who was the founder of Azad Hind Fauz?
What are strengths and weaknesses of successful entrepreneurs?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
I am a non-technical founder starting an ecommerce site with minimal experience in this field, should I join an accelerator?
Who is the founder of Namco Limited?
Why did Steve Jobs only had 10 billion dollars when he died?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
Is Technology is the only way to become entrepreneur nowadays?
What kinds of people make the best startup founders?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
What should I do as a new startup CEO in China to survive given that most buyers are going to manufacturers rather than intermediaries?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
What is the best way to structure a tech start up?
Do startup companies need an office space?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Is being an entrepreneur a good thing?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Who would you choose to be your Business Partner and why?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Is Elon Musk a perfectionist?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
Should we be an entrepreneur, if the sole purpose to start is just to solve a problem?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
Did Jimmy Wales’ Wikipedia account face a sockpuppet investigation?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What path should I choose to become a tech entrepreneur?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
What's my “founder’s story”?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
What is the reason you want to build a startup?
What is Elon Musk favourite book related to startups?
What do most startups' workplaces look like in the first few weeks?
Would it be wise for a founder/CEO to sell all their shares if the company is failing?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
Should all co-founders get a CxO title?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How do I choose and develop a product for startup?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Who founded mathpix?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
How can I become intellectual and well versed in things I care about, like Jimmy Wales?
How do startups create their first selling script? I don’t know where to start.
Where can I find a template for a technical cofounder offer letter?
Is it illegal or immoral to fire an employee after their granted equity increases in value drastically?
Can I retroactively set up founder preferred stock? My company has no outside investors or valuation yet.
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Did great minds like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, have high marks when they were in school?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
I'm a student entrepreneur who struggled with depression in the past and can be a workaholic. What advice do you have in managing work/life tension?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
Which psychological characteristics do you find imperative in determining the success of an entrepreneur?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How can I use Elon Musk's first principle while studying subject like physics, chemistry?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is it like being in the accelerator program at Axilor Ventures?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Does being a successful young entrepreneur really need to be hard and why do investors seems scared to invest?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
What would be a good startup/franchise near Nashville, Tennessee?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
Is it harder to become an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley now because of the rising cost and demand?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
What are the strategies a founder should use in order to apply for YCombinator?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
I want to start my own start up business in software industry. What should I have to do first?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
How can a start up survive if it's not selling anything?
What is the best way to legally register your startup from home?
What is Musk afraid of?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
Why did Steve Jobs think he would die young and didn't want to live till 50?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
Tell us about yourself, personal bio and what led you to become an entrepreneur?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
Are there any tech startup in Tirunelveli?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
What magazines would Elon Musk subscribe to?
Where can I find a co-founder based on industry experience?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What are some fancy phrases that entrepreneurs use?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
We can all agree that starting a new business without market research is dangerous. So why so many entrepreneurs don’t make it?
How do certain entrepreneur's become famous?
What is your single biggest marketing challenge right now?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
What are the right questions to ask a small user base for a start up app in beta phase?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
How can I contact Bhavesh Aggrawal (Ola founder) for some entrepreneurial queries?
Who was the founder of Hindi?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Would an investor from your LinkedIn or Angel.co network be open to take a critical look at your executive summary?
How can I get global exposure while working in a startup?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
Would any entrepreneurs be interested in meeting in Ahmedabad for food and to talk about business?
What will Adam D'Angelo become if he is not a founder of Quora?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
What is the best way to structure founder equity for a sales expert?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Why doesn't Elon Musk incorporate a Conglomarate with SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla instead of 3 saparate companies?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
Is business development the closest thing to being an internal entrepreneur?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
How much equity can I give from my startup that would still keep me in control when the startup is successful?
How do I start up with innovative plot?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
Who is the co-founder of Synup?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
What brand name should I choose for a tech start-up?
What are the main marketing challenges for a startup founder?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
If you could idolize either Dan Bilzerian, or Elon Musk, who would it be?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
What should be the caliber of first employees in a startup?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How can I be an amazing entrepreneur?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What startup does Adam D'Angelo look upto in 2017?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
Can you share the story of your neighbourhood entrepreneurs who went from Zero to Crore?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Why do you aspire to be an entrepreneur?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
Why are most founders from Stanford?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
Can I find one technical co-founder from Bhubaneswar on Quora?
Should I be an entrepreneur or an employee? I'm 23.
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Entrepreneurs, what do you think of this makeup idea?
What startup actually is and how can one startup from nowhere?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
If the characters from The Wire were Silicon Valley giants which companies would they be?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
How do you solve the size problem in a dress rental service?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is so great about Elon Musk?
What are some successful startups?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg host Facemash?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
I'm the main of 4 cofounders and am about to invest $100k in our startup. What's the best way to structure things so they are fair for everyone?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Have you found it difficult to get press for your startup?
What is the attention span of Elon Musk?
What are Adam D'Angelo's tips for startup founders and CEOs?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are the problems faced by an unregistered startups?
Who are some successful internet entrepreneurs in the Middle East?
How much harder do you think your life would be, if you were a startup founder battling government corruption on top of everything else?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
What financial difficulties have you had in business and what advice would you give entrepreneurs concerning finances?
How big of a legacy will Elon Musk have?
What is the best major to study if you want to become an entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
What non-computer science startups are there in Brazil?
If Elon Musk can build a space company from scratch, why can't India make its own Fighter jets?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Do Googlers think like entrepreneurs?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What other fields of business could use a business platform like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
What are the most effective techniques for outreaching new entrepreneurs?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
Where do I find a good startUP team if I am an idea-creator?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How effective are blogs, white papers and social media for B2B selling with annual contract values of US$ 200K –1 million?
What if you have a start-up and your co-founders are Google and YouTube?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
Can a company have two founders?
What is it like to be the CEO of a tech startup without any coding experiences?
How can young entrepreneurs be taken seriously?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
How do I become a software entrepreneur and start a startup?
Whom does Jimmy Wales follow on Quora?
Can startups build successful app marketplaces?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
How does life change as an entrepreneur?
What's it like to work with Kevin O'Leary?
How would you have acted if you were Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What technology do you wish existed for your startup or established business?
How and where to find tech co-founders?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
As a founder of a Delaware company how do I handle expenses?
How can I find a position in AR/VR startup with basics in programming (C++, Python, Matlab) and knowledge of optics, photonics, business and design?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How much equity should I get as a co-founder rejoining after a two-year gap ?
Who found the batmenton?
Does Elon Musk have more influence over Trump?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
As first time entrepreneurs, what part of the process are people often completely blind to?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Why do people say going to college is the only way to success while many entrepreneurs disagree?
What are the qualities of successful self-made entrepreneurs?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
How does a startup founder deal with spouse who wants to have a long vacation constantly?
An investor sees a team of a startup. Is it a must to give equity to all of them? Can the team members be employed?
Who founded Pataliputra?
If you were Steve Jobs how would you convince a music label to sell a top artistes song for just 99 cents?
If you are starting your startup, Can you drop your introduction here and let each other know what are you upto ?
Who is the founder of crewalley?
What are the most successful startups in the Books market?
Who are successful entrepreneurs or business influencers to join Quora?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
How can I provide the most value to others in any field, and in return get something valuable from the viewpoint of an entrepreneur?
How much technical knowledge do founders need?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
What is the difference between founders, entrepreneurs and businessman?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
Is there too much hyper around entrepreneurs?
I want to build a startup with people, but where will we work from with no starting capital?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP? Whats your opinion?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the difference between "cofounder" and "part of founding team"? Can I call myself either one when I exited in 9.5 months and hold no equity?
How do founders handle expenses in an America start up?
Can you provide help in finding founders of successful B2C SME businesses?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
What do I need to open a company in the US?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
What is the typical number of board of advisors in a startup?
Where do I start as an Online entrepreneur?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
How much should we value my startup?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Is there a problem with starting a blog without a topic?
How can I find an absolute tech buddy for my new startup around Bhubaneswar?
Can a startup succeed if a founder is away during the critical startup period - say 3 months?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What makes a engineer to become a entrepreneur?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
How much of a social impact is created by the philanthropic foundation(s) established by entrepreneurs and business executives?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
What did you infer from your interview with Elon Musk?
How does Elon Musk find time to tweet?
Why did Jimmy Wales go to live in London?
What is the best unusual business advice you received?
How should I change my attitude from being a full time employee to becoming an entrepreneur?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
I have $50K in profits to reinvest in my business. Which should I choose? 1) Reinvest in my current operations, or 2) invest in a tangental idea?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
How can I get in touch with young entrepreneurs around me?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
What age did Gordon Miller start his first company and what was it?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
What do I have to do to find a tech cofounder in California?
What does a successful, smart and already wealthy tech-entrepreneur look for in a women whom he would want to marry?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
What's the difference between president and CEO in a company? Who's playing the bigger role?
How would Elon Musk's 30 layer tunnels avoid flooding?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How do I stop dreaming to become a startup cofounder and work hard as a software developer?
Can you legally remove equity from a co-founder that you want out of your startup?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
Who is exide batteries founder?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is it necessary to be street-smart to be an entrepreneur?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
If there is three quality all entrepreneur should have please tell us your three important quality?
How do I employ a suitable person for start-up?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
What caused Robert Westermeyer, the founder of habitsmart.com, to drop-out from his psychologist career?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Can my 15 year old brother be my co-founder in India?
What kind of business startup is the best for a woman?
Is there any founder or CEO of a well established ecommerce website for clothing and accessories on Quora?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
Should a 18 years old undergraduate student start entrepreneurship/investing/business?
Who is Quora’s founder?
What is some good advice for aspiring entrepreneurs in the education sector?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Should I keep working for the mission-driven non-profit startup which has a huge potential, but its founder seems to be having superiority complex?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Does Elon Musk know in and out about car designing, car manufacturing, launching satellites, solar cells, programming?
What tech startup accelerators exist in Toronto?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
How important is loyality when you are an entrepreneur?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What are the chances of my startup getting acquired by big existing player in the market?
How important is finding a (investment/entrepreneur) mentor? What are the qualities of a good mentor? How do I find a mentor?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
Why do entrepreneurs go to VC and private investors instead of banks?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
What psychological questions are useful in testing the character of a potential employee?
How do I select co-founder who has very less technical knowledge?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How many co-founder should we have? And why?
Who was the first person to make hi-tech messenger bags?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
How many startups started after 2014 in India?
What would be one thing you would suggest an entrepreneur must have?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
What do Indians think about Steve Jobs?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
How does Elon Musk find time to launch new ventures?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
How do I startup a new enterprise in rural area?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
How entrepreneurs were imagining future of their startup when they started, noticing other startups growing up and they were still struggling?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
What should I do to become an entrepreneur after my graduation?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
Who has a better lifestyle: a successful actor or a successful tech entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
Where do I will get flexible packaging like kurkure and lays chips in Maharashtra and Karnataka?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Another startup team has the same idea as us in a startup competition, should we join them or not?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What is the secret behind coming up with great ideas and how do I learn it?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
Is Jimmy Wales, a down to earth personality?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What are the successful startup in China?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
What is the key to ServiceNow's success?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
When will we use Quora?
Should I buy used laptops for my startup employees?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
How can a civil engineer become entrepreneur?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
You are given a choice to either hire Steve Jobs or Steve Wozniack. Who would you hire and why?
What is the nature of Agreement between founders in early start-up?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
What is it like to have co-founded a startup with your spouse?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of the Times of India?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Who is the founder of Team Treehouse?
I am selling my startup and keeping 15% of it. What details are important to contemplate in the deal?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
Why couldn't Steve jobs complete his college education? Give two reasons
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
Can you make more money as a godman than as a successful entrepreneur?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What is best title for entrepreneurial workshop?
Has anyone ever told Jimmy Wales about his awesome attitude?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
What is your favorite thing about working at a start-up? And what, if anything, would you give it up for?
Who is world's successful CEO and why?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
What did Jimmy Wales major in Indiana University?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
Can I know exactly what is a startup?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
What are ways to become an entrepreneur at a very young age?
What would Uber look like if Kalanick resigned and Elizabeth Warren were CEO?
Who are the founders of ANT Lab, India's first NanoTech company?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
How can I deal with sarcastic persons in my Startup team?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
I have an app idea. Which website will help me to find genuine co founder?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Will people now think twice before joining a startup?
Has Elon musk committed any crimes?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
What roles would you say a start-up needs to fill and how important are each?
How do I run or launch a startup while in college?
Our European Startup considers shipping our product to Russia. How would we go about that?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
Is Elon musk's team of SpaceX smarter than NASA?
How founders of hardware start ups can keep 30% equity?
What can I do with 100 dollars to get more money?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
Does Jimmy Wales like Star Wars?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What does it take to create a team for small technical startup in India?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
Can Indian companies give competition to Elon Musk's Tesla?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What do you consider to be the most valuable asset in a startup?
Is it possible to turn my blog into a company?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
I have a startup idea related to Indian Railways ticket booking. To whom should I reach in order to have a permission for implementing it?
How do I prove that aliens have hacked some of our brains with nanotechnology to create a big hype about entrepreneurship?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
Will pursuing an MBA help me with my dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Play Quiz 23?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk's remark referring to an impending need for a welfare state due to future advancements Super A.I?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can I use GoDaddy to host my startup?
What are some untold facts about Steve jobs?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
What does it take to have a successful tech startup?
Speaking financially, how do startups start and end?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
Can you name the students from St. Xavier School, Bathinda who started a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Who do startup founders ask for advice?
When joining a startup, what attributes do you look for in the CEO?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
Are there any Indian entrepreneurs willing to hire for a marketing profile?
How do you appoint and compensate a CTO if he is not a founder director?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
How can I switch from Infosys to a product based company (where I can do lots of coding) within one year after my Infosys training (98% on programming)?
How hard is it to make a startup company successful?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
How do you build a successful startup/business?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
Is MBA necessary for entrepreneurs?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
What is your take on building your core team and what was your strategy for hiring early employees?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
What tips do you have for entrepreneurs who need to put themselves "out there", especially when they're just starting out?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What is the difference between entrepreneur and proprietor?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
Is there enough space in the world for everyone to be an entrepreneur?
How do founders write their resume?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
What are some issues black women face when trying to become entrepreneurs?
How long did it take you to zero in on the right co-founder?
As an entrepreneur, how do you pass on your vision/idea to people you work with and make them believe in it?
Why should I hire a CTO instead of outsourcing the role?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
How do I form an idea for an startup?
Is a person involved in Multi-Level Marketing (MLM) an entrepreneur?
Why are we afraid of being entrepreneurs?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some highly successful entrepreneurs who had terrible high school grades and/or terrible standardized test scores?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How many hours did Elon Musk use to work when he was starting Zip2?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
How much does sound cloud owner earn?
What is the average value of a startup in India?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
What are some Problems which be entrepreneurial opportunity?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
What is Mark Zuckerberg chasing?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
I've made a new social media, how do I beat copycats with more resources?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
What prominent entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley are non-technical?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
Which would be a better founder/CEO for a startup company selling air fresheners, Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I am from the Caribbean and I am having a very difficult time finding a co-founder as the skill set is missing. What can I do get one from the States?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
I'm interested in history and genealogy - how can I use this interest to make money?
I want to start a robotics startup like schaft robotics. How would a business like that even make money?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
What is the best way to grow my web based startup's online presence?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What is the best way to keep control of a startup if the founder is not the CEO because he is working in another company?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
What tinyowl co-founders are doing now after merger with runnr?
What is some good advice for startup founders who want to hire and retain the best employees?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
What is the psychology behind successful businesses that 'disrupted' traditional industries? How did their founders recognize the flaw and exploit it?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
What would be the percentage of my share as a founder and non-investor?
Do start-ups need PR?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs who are not good sales person and introvert in nature?
What are some challenges faced by startups in using data science and analytics for building and growing?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
When does the CEO get in trouble with the parent company?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
What should I do if I want to be an entrepreneur but also an engineer?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
What top qualities does a startup CEO have?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
What does Jimmy Wales think of Indiana University?
How do I effectively look for iOS developer [cofounder] for app startup we are building in Bay area?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
Should a startup be positioned as a startup, or would that hurt our reputation because people might be skeptical about our ability to deliver?
What shall I do today to become successful entrepreneur in ten years?
I want to start my own business, but I'm afraid I will hate the type/industry, what should I do?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Carlson?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
When should Startup have a board members?
What skills should an aspiring entrepreneur learn?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
Is Birmingham a good place to launch a startup?
What is your successful startup story?
What are some rookie mistakes founders make during VC meetings?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
Who are some highly successful technology entrepreneurs who graduated from Cal Poly Pomona?
Can the co-founders license the IP (software) of a closing startup to themselves?
I'm 14 and I have a start up idea. How will I start?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
As a UK based tech startup, what legal work should be done before launch?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
How can I become someone like Elon Musk?
Why isn't Quora of all places more supportive of the idea of an entrepreneurial President?
What are the best books or online courses to learn the basics of starting a business and entrepreneurship in 2017?
Does Elon Musk have someone to look up to in the same way many people look up to Elon Musk?
What are the topics of entrepreneurship?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
When is the right moment to stop a project as a social entrepreneur?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for an automobile startup?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
What is your advice for a 20-year-old engineering student for building a startup?
What learning paths and implementation techniques did Adam D'angelo and Mark Zuckerberg follow to learn to code?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
What are Elon Musk's plans for colonizing Mars?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
After selling your first startup, site59.com, to Travelocity in 2002, what was the first big-ticket item that you bought?
Is there any successful startup in technology in Bangladesh?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Can only streetsmart people become successful entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
Entrepreneurs, I’d like to know what you think of this photography idea?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
What was your recent public speaking experience?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
Is it possible to be a successful entrepreneur if starting later in age?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What region on Earth has the best business opportunities for hot-shot, boot-strapped, IT or software developer SLASH entrepreneurs in 2017?
What will happen to the entrepreneurship craze when the stock market crashes?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
What are the basic needs for a perfect startup?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Which entrepreneur do you respect and appreciate the most, and why?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
If you are a female entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle when it comes to nutrition and fitness?
What would happen if Elon Musk combined all of his companies/projects into one large company? What if Elon Musk put it on the stock market?
What are the top five reasons you wanted to become an entrepreneur and did you succeed in that?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
Where do founders get salaries in early stages for their survival before company starts genrating enough revenues?
How can I contact Facebook founders thru email?
How can I profit from failing startups?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How should a startup founder's shares be treated in a California divorce where the stock is not completely vested?
Why most of the youngsters are going behind start ups?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
What is your advice for a nontech person starting a tech startup?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
What are some of the world's most interesting innovation or start up events which are lecture or presentation based?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Do you thank everyday to the founder of this beautiful website Quora?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Has Quora met or exceeded the founders initial expectations?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What are your advice you'd give to young age entrepreneur?
What do you dislike most about Steve Jobs?
Which is the most successful startup in fashion?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What are the all time industries for startups worth potential billions in the future?
Which are the most successful African startups?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
How can you work out equity and salaries for co-founders?
Does a politician or an entrepreneur have a higher lasting impact?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
How is virtual assistant useful?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
Steve Jobs was a very product-focused entrepreneur. Is this trend outdated, and if so, what’s the "next thing"?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
How could we detect an opportunity in the entrepreneurial life?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
How do I retain control of a startup with 3 co-founders with equal equity?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What can you expect in your first month of launching a startup?
If Tesla isn't making profits, how is Elon getting rich?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
How do I make a project of a startup?
Is it possible to become a successful entrepreneur in today's world?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
Where can I find a like minded person to join me in my start up?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
How can I decide how much time to spend per week on a good habit such as extracurricular reading?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
Who is the Mobike founder?
What is a good major to take as an entrepreneur who already has business, marketing, and many other experiences, and wants to expands its knowledge?
What are successful startups founded by Stanford alumni?
What would happen to the USA if Elon Musk became the POTUS?
What is the main point an entrepreneur should have noticed while struggling (mind set)?
What would be your ideal team for a startup?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
How much equity should I be getting if I am joining a prefunded startup as a CTO (non founder) in India? See details.
I made a game on Google Play and App Store. I am 14 years old and I am averaging $200 daily of it. What type of business can I create to earn more?
Which online products have the most customers?
Has anyone foregone or delayed an education at a top university to take part in Discover Praxis? What factors led you to that decision?
What is it like to spend some time with Elon Musk?
Do entrepreneurs need college?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
What is the difference between a start-up and business?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do you conduct a seminar for all aspirants who wish to be entrepreneurs or masters of their own businesses?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
What's a non-traditional or novel way that you met one of your co-founders?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are able to do things successfully, whatever they set their eyes on?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
Can you be a successful entrepreneur with a non-violent criminal felony in your history?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
Does the co-founder of a startup mobile game company brainstorm by himself for the next game?
What should I choose as my U G course if I desire to be an entrepreneur?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How long does it take a startup to get its first paying customer?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
What sets apart a great entrepreneur from an average one?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
Who is Jimmy Wales and what inspire him every day?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
How does Gary Vaynerchuk invest?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
What would happen if the BORG asimilated the founders (shapshifters in DS9)?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
How should I co-found a startup with American partners?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are the best enterprise software blogs for investors (not founders)?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
To what extent do top entrepreneurs share day-to-day business details with their spouse?
What is the best start up idea for Goa?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
When was BWFS founded?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
How can startup founders control fears: out of cash, product adoption, and especially failure?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
As a startup, are the founders entitled to a salary? If yes, who determines how much is appropriate for each partner, assuming the equity is 70:30?
Where can I find founders who need a remote developers team?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
Who is the founder of the Reliance India?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
If most people you talk to think your startup idea is bad, how do you know whether they are right or wrong?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Can an intrapreneur call himself the founder?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
What are the problems faced by entrepreneurs in Kolkata?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
What is something surprising about entrepreneurs?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What is it like to go through lay-offs at a startup?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
How can I get seed funding for my startup before registering the company?
What kind of problems (legal/technical) do businesses that run during the night face?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Who do you think is more successful, Elon Musk or Richard Branson`?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
What’s the main objective of an Entrepreneur,profit making only or solving peoples problems through the service he or she provides.
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
How can I create a non-profit organization about ending the 2 party system?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What are the areas for entrepreneurs in Electronics Field?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Where will Elon Musk's tunnel go?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How do I go about registering a startup in India, initially without any co-founders, but making provision for some in the future?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
What are the abilities required for being a successful sports entrepreneur?
Views on motivation of workforce by entrepreneurs?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
We are a startup working in the AR/VR space, and we have built a couple of platforms/solutions. Where do we find a suitable mentor for help?
What problem may arise when you take a qualified co-founder in your startup?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Have you started your own app development company?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
How can I get entrepreneurs to use my platform to build a business team for their startup?
What technology is bakuun.com built with?
What should I sacrifice to become a successful entrepreneur?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
How hard is it for Startup Founders to learn how to sell?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur without college? If so where is the best place to start?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
How do you find out about startups that are struggling?
What is the ideal number of directors a startup with $1–10 million in funding will have?
If your startup could consolidate an industry does that make it a good idea?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the most useful general and technical skills to build for launching a successful tech startup in the next 5 years (as a CEO, not CTO)?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
How do I become a startup entrepreneur?
What should I do if my co-founder is not working as hard as I am?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Where can I find the email of Travis Kalanick, Garret Camp, and the CEOs of Lyft, Postmates and Handy?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
Are there any blogs that write about the hard part of entrepreneur’s journey rather than only talk about their success?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
What advice would Adam D'Angelo give to other young entrepreneurs who want to start their own companies?
Where can I find startup mentors in Chennai?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
How can I prepare myself for building a Billion dollar (Tech) company?
Do startups in China face more or less regulation than startups elsewhere in Asia or around the world?
Did Google founders give any talks at conferences in the first few years?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
How do very great entrepreneurs perceive the world?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
What are the benefits and downsides of being the first service provider in a new market?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
Does it make sense to create a startup at 48 years of age?
What are the most common problems or frustrations of social entrepreneurs?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How do I fire my co-founders?
Why has India failed in creating more number of entrepreneurs?
My country isn't even listed on founder2be. I was denied visa to US. How can I find technical co-founder?
How good is Lattice Innovations as a startup?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
How do you work a lot, like Elon Musk or any CEO, and still stay healthy so that you don’t even get the flu?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
What are the 2 or 3 most promising startups in Europe for 2017?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
How is Elon Musk legally digging a tunnel under LA?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Why do employees leave startups for big brands?
When a venture-funded startup sells for less than the value of investors' liquidation preferences, do founders really get nothing?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
What advice do you have for people who want to start their own company?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
If our company employs people in Santa Monica with a $75 000 yearly salary, how much would we have to pay in typical employee benefits and taxes?
What is best business to startup in salem, Tamilnadu?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What key skills must a tech startup team have in order to succeed?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
Is there any entrepreneur who want to guide me because I want a mentor?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
What do you really need to do to make a startup successful? What do you need to do to make your product live and other jobs?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
How do you conduct a stake out?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
How can a 17 year old make $500,000 in a year?
What would be a thumb rule for an entrepreneur making a start?
Can I use the idea of my old company to start a new by removing two co-founders?
What's inside your work backpack as a startup CEO?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
Being an aspiring entrepreneur should I approach incubation center or develope a prototype if I am at idea stage?
I have a friend at Israel who want to start a business with me, what type of business we can framework?
Was John D. Rockefeller as young as Mark Zuckerberg when he made his billions of dollars in the 1800s?
What do you have to give to advisors of your startup?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
What deal should I make with a high potential startup with little or no money as a developer?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most pressing problems for startup founders in terms of mental health?
After the startup weekend, should I rebuild the team?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Would Elon Musk ever venture into Time Machine?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What tools do entrepreneurs wish to find online?
How can I find funding for a new consumer information storage service?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
What good local startups do you have in your country/city?
How does one go about finding government grant opportunities for startups in the US?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What are some of the most ingenious Pakistani start-ups?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
How can Mars be "warmed up" as Elon Musk implied during his September 2016 presentation?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
How do you find problems to solve as an entrepreneur?
How do you quit school and go straight to university?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
How can the younger generations aim to become entrepreneurs?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk, as one of the members of Donald Trump's council of business advisors? Will it be fruitful to the public?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
Which college major teaches you to get the most out of your money?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What are some startups that are working on "Turboxtax for X"?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
How does every entrepreneurs ease their life?
I wish to be a tech entrepreneur in evenings and in my spare time. Whats the best day job to support it?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
If a startup reaches out to me, how can I measure their success?
Do you feel betrayed by Elon Musk sharing and joining Trump views?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Where can I find talents willing to join a startup?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
As the CEO and founder of a new startup, is it ok not to ask for any salary, in order to get the startup going in its first phases?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
What questions can you ask wantrapreneurs to help them realize they are not entrepreneurs?
What are creative ways of packaging angel fund proposals which will be attractive to investors while protecting your interests as an entrepreneur?
Do successful CEOs have pets?
Is group buying dead? Why?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
I have an idea for a startup company, what is the best way to implement it?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
Is having technological knowledge important or advantageous for starting a successful start-up?
What podcast has made you smarter?
Can we expect Jimmy Wales in politics with the power of knowledge he has?
What is CallHippo?
What is step- by- step guide for an aspiring entrepreneur who is at idea stage?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
How will entrepreneurs spend their weekends?
Who are some famous women entrepreneurs in Hyderabad?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
Do you agree that startup founders must sacrifice almost everything they have to focus on building their startup?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is it important to be a graduate in order to become a CEO?
What training/education is required for a entrepreneur?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Is Elon Musk the most valuable and creative person in the World right now? If not, then who is?
How can I communicate with Jimmy Wales and get his opinion on an idea similar to wikipedia?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
I have a great idea and prototype for the next big dating app, how do I get some to come on board as a co-founder in Dubai?
Why don't Mark Cuban or Bill Gates, or someone like them start something revolutionary again one more time?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
How could I create a simple online startup? Includes ideas
How could the discovery of metallic hydrogen effect Elon Musks ventures?
Is it necessary for budding entrepreneurs to get work experience?
Would you support Elon Musk convincing President Trump to push Congress to heavily subsidise SpaceX at the expense of NASA?
What startups need to grow?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
Will Elon stays the CEO of Tesla after he met the engagements he made?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
Do bootstrapped CEOs or founders hand over a visiting card after meeting a VC or Angel investor or co-founder?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
What contact details should I put on my business card if I am a serial entrepreneur?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
Who among Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Elon Musk, and Mark Zuckerberg would you rather have as CEO of your startup company?
Is the founder of Uber friends with Gary veynerchuck?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
Was Larry Hoover founder if GD a Muslim?
Should my co-founder be as good and involved as I am into my startup?
How much do the richest founders of CEO in Manhattan make a year?
Is Uber CEO Travis Kalanick a total lightweight?
What are some key differences to keep in mind when recruiting developer/coders versus a cofounder-CTO for an an early-stage technical startup?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Who is the founder of INA?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
What was your experience in meeting Steve Jobs?
What exactly Startup is?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
How can one find a co founder who has interest in same field I.e cold pressed juicing?
Is there anyone who is an entrepreneur?
What are some good resources that teaches small businesses and entrepreneurs how to use social media to make a profit?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
Should startups have an office?
How do I become a company CEO?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
How good would Elon Musk be as president?
Who are some good entrepreneurs to research?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
Who are the best serial entrepreneurs on Quora?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
How often do startups turn into multimillionaire companies compared to non-startup companies?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
Are you an entrepreneur, and if so, would you mind answering a couple of questions?
Did Steve Jobs know people would become addicted to his company’s creations?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
As a startup founder/software developer/VP of Engineering/Product Manager, how do we stay updated about the latest research that help in our product?
What is your experience with entrepreneurship?
What do you think of Elon Musk's plans to launch Donald Trump into outer space?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
Before becoming a successful entrepreneur or startup founder, what was it like working in a lower role at a larger company that was not your own?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
What does a Non-technical CEO of a startup do?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
I own a gym in the UK but want to start an e-commerce or drop ship business. Can someone mentor me with an idea & help me set up for a % of profits?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder to build a startup from scratch?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
Do founders engineer the product by outsourcing and then gather a team, or have an idea gathers a team and all 10 people are founders now?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
When looking for a tech co-founder for a startup is it appropriate to ask them to create code to test them?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
When is it acceptable for startup founders to draw a market rate salary?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
Is timing the most important thing in the success of a startup?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
Would Uber be better off in the long run if Travis Kalanick were no longer CEO as of February 2017?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Can you list examples of successful non-US and non-EU startups?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Where were you when you found success?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
What helps an entrepreneur to have better status in society, being a helpful person and philanthropist or having an attitude and command over others?
Is fashion a good industry for entrepreneurs in 2017?
What will you do with just ₹1, being an entrepreneur?
How do I select the best startup?
If people consider Elon Musk to be a founder of Tesla, isn't it logical consider Peter Thiel a founder of Facebook?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
When do you think is the right time for a startup to join an incubator, if at all?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
What are some non-tech business ideas you don't mind sharing?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
How do I become a revolutionary entrepreneur?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
I have a designed a concept for a plush doll. Should I license it or should I try get someone to manufacture them for me and sell them myself?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
What is the best way to explain a failed startup on your resume or LinkedIn profile?
Do you have a potential startup project?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How is to create a start-up scene in a city?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What should the founder of a growing startup do to ensure that the data he gets is ground level true?
I'm looking for a technical co-founder in Dubai. Where can I find one?
What are some less encouraging examples of failed startup founders? Where are they now?
I have an LLC. Am I a startup founder and entrepreneur?
What are the most promising medtech startups in Los Angeles?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
What happens in a divorce in California if a startup founder gets his founder shares issued prior to marriage?
What are some startups that will boom in 2017?
Which movies do all entrepreneurs need to watch?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
How can I handle my startup?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
If persistence is the key to success, why do so many companies and startups fail?
What are some promising Bulgarian startups?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Why does Elon Musk think flying car is a bad idea?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
How can one find a startup team?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
Why are teenagers not encouraged to start their own companies?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
What mistakes do young founders often make that more experienced ones don't?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Is it possible to start an online delivery service, without logistics knowledge?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being entrepreneur?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
How does Elon Musk give everything he's got irrespective of what the circumstances may be (*)?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
How can someone become good entrepreneur with less investment?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
What necessary business knowledge does one have to acquire to be an entrepreneur?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
How do I manage the situation when I might be wrong and want some advice but don't want to hear no?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
How do you become employed by startups? How many startups (remote or otherwise) can you belong to at once?
How should I start working for my own startup?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
Are there any startups that have a database of professionals you can search for if you need a service done?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
What are the typical problems faced by non-technical startup founders with software freelancers?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
How do solo-founders deal with their startup while pitching for funds?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
How do entrepreneurs gain customers?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
How does Wanderu make money?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
How do I get a co-founder when none of your friends suits the co-founder role?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Chenab Group?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
Is figuring out certain universal qualities and desires the key to building a successful startup?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
Is it mandatory for new entrepreneurs to get a CRISIL rating to register as new entrepreneurs at MNRE?
How should I prepare myself to be a startup founder in the UK?
What kind of people will be born in the future? Will we have another Hitler or Steve Jobs ever again?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
What are some of the better ways to make money off your body besides physical labor or skill?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Are most billionaires just shareholders or "entrepreneurs", in other words, business people who own a lot of stocks? Does it matter how they acquired those stocks?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
How do you learn the skills needed to be a CEO in a startup?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
Why are hackers essential for startups? How do they help?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What is the best idea for a one-man internet startup in Healthcare today?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
I want to be an entrepreneur but everyone kills my spirit, what should I do?
As an adult immigrant to America, how did you get started with opening your own business?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
Was being an entrepreneur your first dream? If not, what was?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
How did you find co-founder in just two weeks after applying to Y Combinator?
What kind of co-founders are more likely to cheat the founders?
If entrepreneurs were scientists, who would be what?
Does Elon Musk have house plants? Are they cheery?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What should an enterprise tech founder who is doing all of the selling do to run highly effective webinars?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
Did Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk or someone else in this field play video games hardcore?
How do young entrepreneurs build companies without having working experience in the corporate world?
Is this course “MIT’S APPROACH TO DESIGN THINKING” worth for a desiring entrepreneur?
Who is the founder/s of Starbucks Corp?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
How do entrepreneurs find white spaces in the market?
Why is Elon Musk digging tunnels under Los Angeles?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What are the best books for future online entrepreneurs?
How did Elon Musk learn about business?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
What can a 14 year old start doing if he wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
Has Elon Musk read the book Red Mars?
I want to start a technology company. Where do I begin?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
What are the best undergrad universities for one aspiring to be involved in tech startups?
Can I get Jimmy Wales contact information for startup idea sharing ?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
How were the most famous entrepreneurs like when they were teenagers?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Who founded paper?
What would Elon Musk response be to Richard Muller saying that electric cars isn't the solution to climate change?
Is there proper age for entrepreneurship?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the future of the EU?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How can one best overcome being a "want-repreneur" to become an entrepreneur?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
Are there any start up working on 3D Holography?
Who are the founders of Exploring64 Mathematics?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What was the first answer that Adam D'Angelo wrote?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
My startup gives rewards to students in response to grades with the hopes of improving their performance. Would a scientific paper serve any purpose?
What is the best startup you have discovered in 2017?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
How many of you respect Steve Jobs and why?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
What type of mechanisms can we set up in a two-person startup that can do healthy tie-breaking?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
What are Ashton Kutcher’s secrets to keeping productive with all of his projects?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
What are the startups by the alumni of IIFT?
Do you believe that there is an entrepreneurial gene?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
Can you name a few successful young African American entrepreneurs? Preferably Millennials
What are the online courses should I take to become a successful entrepreneur without an MBA?
Would Elon Musk's Hyoerloop concept revolutionize transportation?
Which MBA is preferable if my aim is to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of apps does Mark Zuckerberg use?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
What are the effective ways to market a Consulting business?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
What are the best startup accelerator programs in Zurich?
What are some common mistakes that startup founders make when pitching to investors?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk set realistic goals?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
What entrepreneurs have never worked for somebody?
Is it possible in India also, to become successful billionaire entrepreneur like Elon Musk who got success with his Ideas only ?
What startups do you think will make it big in 2017 and which are destined to tumble?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
Can become entrepreneur without studies?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
What are best trades in MBA to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Where is the start-up hub in Dublin?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
How can find myself an entrepreneur mentor who can guide me?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
How much equity should a tech co-founder ask for?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
What do you think about Flipkart and Ola's appeal to the Indian government?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How about a start-up in which a person is entrepreneur to start online charity application in India?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
I work for a SaaS based startup and just became the sole developer. What do I do?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
I have INR 20k so which type of business I can start?
What happens if an entrepreneur and farmers work together for change Indian agriculture?
What is your favorite thing about working at a start-up? And what, if anything, would you give it up for?
What are some startups that work at the intersection of tech and government?
What is the best way to legally register your startup from home?
Is entrepreneurship trendy?
What are the best and coolest networking spaces and hubs for startups in your opinion?
How can I start a small online delivery service?
What do I need to open a company in the US?
I wish to make a career in consulting, is there any particular startup is this sector?
What is the best HR software for growing start up (more than 600 employees)?
What is it like to go through lay-offs at a startup?
How do you startup a business with a low investment?
Was Instagram founded by guys with a technical background?
Is there a website on practical implications of entrepreneurship research?
How do I bounce back after being fired from a start up?
Why do most startups purchase MacBooks for their employees?
Are there any tech startup in Tirunelveli?
"Generalists are best at defining problems, specialists at solving them". Do you agree?
What are the best books or online courses to learn the basics of starting a business and entrepreneurship in 2017?
What are the things to be considered for a Startup firm?
Is it a good practice in the executive summary of a start-up with good traction (4 years) to divide the full funding needed to tranches?
What would you do and react if Facebook wants to buy your start up company?
Should you protect your idea before pitching to investors?
How do I start an online business with no experience with computers and litttle to no start up?
Is it allowed to list your company in AngelList before your company is formally incorporated?
If you were starting a tech company to make lots of money what kind of company would you start?
What is your single biggest marketing challenge right now?
I want to start a sports complex based in Lucknow. How do I start?
What are the right steps to get clients to your startup?
Do you see any value in higher education for entrepreneurship?
How can a startup grow so fast and is there any mature company able to grow that fast (about 3-7% per week)?
What companies are similar to Carbon Five that works with a lot of start-ups?
What are the biggest HR challenges the tech startups are facing with? How do you overcome them?
How can I gain traction like Quora?
What are the best startup forums where one can discuss the topic and ask questions?
Why do startups focus on a website or app to build solutions to problems?
How many Israeli startups were founded in 2016?
Why should a professional join a startup?
At which age are entrepreneurs more likely to receive funding from investors?
I would like to open a small clothing store in the mall. What brands should I start with?
Who would you rather have leading you, someone who has read 700 books or someone who has done 700 deals?
What are the problems that I will face in starting a startup if I am not 18 years old?
How do I start work with already existing startups?
What are the best startups of 2016 around the globe?
What preparation must I do before opening a stationery shop?
Is it possible to turn my blog into a company?
Is there any website to find an internship for new startups?
Can a biologist go into startups?
How does someone without a CS background make a big ripple in the tech startup world?
What permissions do I need to start a canteen in corporate company?
How do I start up with innovative plot?
What where the reasons that got Spotify to buy preact? Did preact failed as a business?
Why do startups like tinyOwl fail in India?
How can I write a one-page Internet startup business plan?
I am planning to open up a department store in Rajasthan. How should I start? What are the main things I should keep in mind?
What are the best startup plans for small cities?
Can anyone provide any information about the incubation program launched by advantedge in Noida?
Is it fine to give more then 50% of the shares to someone else who is willing to put money and resources into business and save it from failing?
How do I go about starting up a talk show for startups?
Does founders of tech startup code with their team? Is it necessary for them to learn to code?
Is creating a hardware startup worth it in today’s app-centric world?
How can you systematize your Internet startup business?
How do I find new startups to approach with my marketing consultancy?
How do you start a franchise business with no money?
What are some of the world's most interesting innovation or start up events which are lecture or presentation based?
What differentiates a lifestyle business from a startup?
Should a 18 years old undergraduate student start entrepreneurship/investing/business?
Who founded maketechnologydisappear.com?
How does Jimmy Wales answer all questions related to him?
What tech startup accelerators exist in Toronto?
What should be the tech (IT) developer's percentage in a startup's revenue?
How do I help to market a business through the development of an Android application?
How can I build a business using Snapchat?
What is an investment startup?
What are some top startups to watch out for in 2017?
What are some great tips for a newly started business that sells unique products?
What are the 2 or 3 most promising startups in Europe for 2017?
When should you realise a start up is not working?
What are the best business startups in villages?
How can I check with IOT (internet of things) if a car is parked on a parking spot?
Is there proper age for entrepreneurship?
How can a coder for a startup legally protect his business interest?
Do startup companies need an office space?
Why is it hard for an international student to create his own startup under an F1 visa, when this startup can create jobs for native and local Americans?
What are some of the unique and interesting startup companies which you wish to introduce?
What non-computer science startups are there in Brazil?
Does Elon Musk have similar political views than Peter Thiel's?
What are the best budget friendly methods of getting new clients in a B2B business?
Who is the founder of Amazon?
How can I start my own clothing label online?
What is the startup scene like in Oxford and England in general?
I have an option of developing both technical and non-technical background before I found a startup. Should I dive into both or I better choose one?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
How invest 5000 USD in my MVP?
I want to start a pharmaceutical manufacturing company. I am having a confusion in for which type of product do I approach.?
Do all successful enterpreneur need to have the guts to do something that is morally/unethical in their enterpreneurship journey?
If our company employs people in Santa Monica with a $75 000 yearly salary, how much would we have to pay in typical employee benefits and taxes?
Are there any start up working on 3D Holography?
How did your tech startup grow?
Which are the startups founded in 2016 and running successfully in India?
Which kind of Investors a start up should choose after 1 & 1/2 years of incubation and first product ready for marketing?
Can an incubator, Incubate a technology which don't have established company?
Which Indian startups have succeeded in Africa?
How can you profitably transform an Internet startup business?
How do I form an idea for an startup?
How old was Steve Jobs when he was removed from Apple?
Which Business is useful for startup?
What are problems that startups and businesses are facing these days?
How do I sell my idea to existing, or new, startups?
What are best and worst industries to start a business in? Is there any rating?
How can a 17 year old make $500,000 in a year?
What's it like to work with Kevin O'Leary?
What are the most promising Silicon Valley startups to watch for in 2017?
If I run an online business, what title should I take?
How important is the quality of our platform in a marketplace startup?
What technology do you wish existed for your startup or established business?
How many holidays do people generally take in a year?
What innovation ideas were unsuccessfully pitched to employers and later went on to become successful independent businesses?
I have a friend at Israel who want to start a business with me, what type of business we can framework?
What are some of the challenges entrepreneurial parents face?
How do I create the right culture at a startup or small business?
What financial concerns do small business owners have?
How can you radically transform an Internet startup business?
As a customer success manager, what would most likely utilize your work?
What can a non tech person with an idea do to find great techies and build a tech company?
What prominent entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley are non-technical?
What are some non-tech business ideas you don't mind sharing?
I am not a techie guy. What kind of startup can I start?
Why is everyone counting their marks rather than enjoying their 12th holidays?
I really want to start a startup like Aldebaran Robotics. I don't want to start any other kind of business. What should I do?
Which programming competition start-up websites like (Codechef or Hackerrank) had to be turned down or closed because they weren’t successful?
How do I manage money of a startup company?
What are the best startup accelerator programs in Zurich?
I have a designed a concept for a plush doll. Should I license it or should I try get someone to manufacture them for me and sell them myself?
How did you hear about Y Combinator?
What startups do you think will make it big in 2017 and which are destined to tumble?
How have you implemented the Blue Ocean strategy in your personal/professional lives?
Would a subscription system, with discounts for people that regularly contribute, work for Medium?
What is the expected ship time for a startup?
How do I get startup plans?
What are some good ideas for a new start-up?
As an Angel investor, what are the top three things you look for in a potential investment?
How do you start-up a company during recession?
Should I go for $10,000 investment for my startup which is generating $50,000 in profits annually? (Read Details)
What are the most promising startups related to biotechnology or similar biological sciences for 2017?
How many are the most successful IIMians startups?
What is present start up in our country?
Do start-ups need PR?
Can Lyft survive as an independent company?
What are the problems faced by students while starting a career or getting their dream job?
What is the best start up idea for Goa?
How will moving to Silicon Valley increase the probability of my startup succeeding?
Would you start a start up idea/company which is already started by someone?
What would be the billion dollar advice for a startup?
What do general labor startups need for a minimum viable product, or to get early-stage leads?
Where can I post a business opportunity that is not side by side with hundreds of scammers?
Have you ever found an interesting startup and wished it was yours?
I think my website design for my startup is amateurish. Will early users care about this?
What are the best ways to lose my money?
Where can I find talents willing to join a startup?
What happens if an entrepreneur and farmers work together for change Indian agriculture?
Can a person from very ordinary educational background be an entrepreneur?
How do I divide equity in my startup? When I have potential co-founders are ready to invest the seed funding
Why do I work so hard to become a successful entrepreneur but never make it?
What are the factors that lead individuals to become entrepreneurs?
Is passion always a driver to success for start-up founders?
I need a passionate and technical co-founder for my startup in healthcare. From where can I get him?
Should I get a degree if I want to found a startup, or is it a waste of time?
How many months it took to build your startup?
Will Mark Zuckerberg's renouncement of Atheism impact technology?
Who is the original founder of Microsoft?
What experiences should be made into a business?
What will be the networth of Jimmy Wales if Wikipedia is like normal website?
How do I get idea for start up i want to be an entrepreneur?
What are the tax benefits to Indian entrepreneur for incorporating a startup in Dubai?
What are the best startup forums where one can discuss the topic and ask questions?
What kind of companies are best to work at (as a designer or developer) to give you the skills to launch your own startup?
What is your story as a teen entrepreneur, and which company did you found?
What is the best way to connect with female entrepreneurs in Canada?
I want to devote my life to producing things of my design, technology and wealth. Will becoming an entrepreneur be the best course of action for me?
I have a large, loosely defined piece of a startup that I left, and the founder has become non-communicative. What are my options?
Who are some well-known entrepreneurs that graduated form lower tier universities?
How many Israeli startups were founded in 2016?
What do you think the dead entrepreneurs or scientist be doing in heaven?
How important to a startup's success are the CEO's fame and public persona?
At which age are entrepreneurs more likely to receive funding from investors?
What are some really nice Facebook Groups for entrepreneurs?
What should be kept in mind before starting an start-up?
How can a foreign entrepreneur be successful in silicon Valley?
Are there any successful millionaires in Europe who might be interested in working on a possibly even bigger web project than the previous one?
I was a startup CEO that was fired without cause. I'd like to tell my story publicly so others can learn from it. What is the downside of doing this?
Why do startups like tinyOwl fail in India?
Has Jimmy Wales experience failure in his career at least once and if he did, how did he overcome it?
Can anyone provide any information about the incubation program launched by advantedge in Noida?
Which is easiest - getting a job in a hedge fund, or raising seed capital for a startup?
What do entrepreneurs do to get their mind off business?
Who is responsible for deciding CEO/founder salary?
Does founders of tech startup code with their team? Is it necessary for them to learn to code?
What Elon Musk thinks about President's Trump intention to leave the Paris agreement on climate change?
If I went back in time and created Facebook before Zuckerberg does, would it be the same success?
Can a company or startup with a geographically distributed workforce effectively compete with those who are not?
Which are some of the best talks on entrepreneurship you have seen?
Is it necessary to settle in Silicon Valley to establish a successful startups?
What is the difference between what shareholders vote on and board members vote on? We’re trying to understand some basics in corporate governance.
What differentiates a lifestyle business from a startup?
Do you know the bad sides of Woz (Steve Wozniak)?
As a founder, how did you find your first iOS developer?
What is the best way aspiring entrepreneurs can utilize college in the US?
What is the best way to introduce new services to your existing company?
Who founded maketechnologydisappear.com?
How does Jimmy Wales answer all questions related to him?
Should I stay in college until I found a startup?
Who are the founders of BIGO live apps?
What is the difference in management of big companies and startups?
How much does intelligence actually matter in terms of being a successful entrepreneur?
What does Jimmy Miller think of Morgan Llywelyn's books?
Do people believe that India has need of real entrepreneurs?
When should I quit a regular job to start a startup, and what should I do to survive?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about the starting and scaling of a non-profit organization?
What is basic difference between a social entrepreneur and simply entrepreneur?
I am the founder of a startup beverage company. How much equity should I offer to the person who formulated the drink that I had the idea/concept for?
I am a CS undergrad who wants to be an entrepreneur. I have a chance to do a minor in either entreprenuership or EE. Which one should I choose?
How can a coder for a startup legally protect his business interest?
What should I do to make great products?
How did Jimmy Wales feel about religion?
Does Elon Musk have similar political views than Peter Thiel's?
Who is the founder of Amazon?
What are listed companies founded prior 2000 with the biggest number of founders?
Can a founder of a startup studio be a social entrepreneur? If not, how can he change the business model to be so?
Do all successful enterpreneur need to have the guts to do something that is morally/unethical in their enterpreneurship journey?
What does Jimmy Wales' typical daily routine look like, how does he keep himself motivated and what makes him tick?
Which are the startups founded in 2016 and running successfully in India?
Is a founder's agreement necessary to establish equity in a C-Corp startup? Or is there another document?
How old was Steve Jobs when he was removed from Apple?
At which stage, in the development of SpaceX, did Elon Musk came up with the concept for how to reuse his rockets?
What are the tech driven steps involved to begin a tech startup?
How do exit strategies for start-ups really work for founders (not investors) in terms of a percentage share, post exit?
What is an entrepreneur visa?
If I get a funding of lets say $3M, how much money I can take as a startup founder?
Why does Jimmy Wales seem to have so much time?
How many holidays do people generally take in a year?
Are there any websites where you can find entrepreneurship mentors for college students for free?
How do you establish equity in a corporation with 3 founders, legally?
What can a non tech person with an idea do to find great techies and build a tech company?
Why companies run down, or close down against the wish of the founders?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about being on the list of the top 100 most influential people in the world? How does he use this influence?
Which B. Tech streams are best for aspiring tech entrepreneurs in India?
Why did Elon Musk endorse Rex Tillerson?
Are YouTuber's entrepreneurs?
Why is Ripple supported when the founders own half of the coins?
What are some tips that Jimmy Wales would give to any entrepreneur who is just starting?
As a startup founder, where did you work and take people's cash from?
How can I be Jimmy Wales?
As an Indian entrepreneur, is it better to stay in India or go to US for a startup?
How many are the most successful IIMians startups?
Which 5 WikiPedia articles would Jimmy Wales choose to preserve for posterity?
How will moving to Silicon Valley increase the probability of my startup succeeding?
Walter White should be considered as an entrepreneur or an employee?
Is this pretty common in other accelerator programs to be able to force founders to buy back accelerator's equity?
Who is behind the company Zillion and who founded it?
If a co-founders leaves the company during the 1 year cliff period, how does the the equity get reallocated post the exist?
Are those realistic costs for a startup for the first year?
Does Elon Musk really believe that the world is going to be bombarded by meteors, and so he built SpaceX?
Would you rather work for a top research institution, or start your own company?
Will Jimmy Wales invite me into his home?
Where can I find successful agricultural entrepreneur start-ups stories and ideas?
Is it possible to begin a startup with your co founder located at remote location?
How do I get a physique like Elon Musk?
How can I build the foundations of a multi-platform business with no starting capital and insufficient personal expertise?
If an Indian can run Microsoft or Google, why can’t he create one in India?
Can anyone share with me their own stories of being an entrepreneur?
Who is the CEO of AGF?
How do most SaaS companies manage to charge between $29-$299 per month and still get to $50 million or even $100 million in ARR?
What is the life-cycle of startup in general? Who should pursue the idea of being an entrepreneur and how?
Is the SaaS conversion rate measured against all new signups or only active users?
How can I contact Mr. Ankit Goyal (Kreatryx co-founder) through email regarding my queries about Klassroom program feb batch ?
Should we replace our CEO with another cofounder?
Is becoming a Senator harder than super successful entrepreneur?
Does Elon musk remember what he reads?
Are enterprising entrepreneurs in the manufacturing industry of the U.S. largely successful? How do you find a market entry strategy?
How difficult is it for a fresher to be an entrepreneur?
Do young entrepreneurs inspire you?
What are the cost expenditures to think about while starting a new SaaS?
Who are the most trustworthy investors with a founders IP?
What are influential factors on individuals to become entrepreneurs?
Could you tell me about your experience of being a founder of a startup with both a technical and a non-technical background?
Is it valuable to join an organization like Vistage or entrepreneurs Organization?
Who is the founder of IBM?
If I contact the startup founders through email or through LinkedIn to write content for my startup blog will they provide the content?
How will the movie The Founder affect McDonald's?
What are advantages and disadvantages for a startup founder to be a generalist?
Why do some highly academic smart people make terrible entrepreneurs?
What do the best entrepreneurs think about getting a degree?
What are my funding options for my mobile app MVP if I have no money?
What should be considered in order to become a successful entrepreneur in West Africa.?
At the end of a 2 month web development bootcamp I want the organizers to approach me (an MBA) for their start-up. How do I make this happen?
Do you think the reason Elon Musk tried to learn the violin was because Einstein played it?
What is the best way to start an entrepreneurship journey?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, what would be the purpose of the game?
What are my chances of setting up a startup in the US?
What can governments execute in order to promote entrepreneurial ideas?
What do Kurt Cobain and Elon Musk have in common?
Would Tesla, Solar City and SpaceX all collapse if Elon Musk died?
Is it good to found a startup as a generalist who does technical and non-technical part as well?
What are some movies most liked by Jimmy Wales?
How can I run a company and be in the technical side?
I recently had an idea for a startup, where can I discuss it with a bigtime CEO or a founder?
Why should we go for entrepreneurship?
Can I've some entrepreneurs who have bounced back off severe bankruptcy? (In India, the commoner, the poorer the better!)
What is the best method to learn to program like a good programmer?
Are CEOs with a generalist background better off? Should a CEO be a generalist? I generally mean a startup CEOs.
How has Paytm's massive growth affected FreeCharge?
Which field you think need startups?
Does Jimmy Wales have a lot of friends?
How can I find a millionaire founder who has experience, time, can invest and lead us to take our innovative unique web solution to global level?
Is assigning 20% shareholding to a founder-CEO fair?
Who is the founder of Koenigsegg Agera?
Does Elon Musk still find time to read books?
Who are some successful young entrepreneurs?
I'm stuck between being an entrepreneur and going after a job. My hometown has literally killed my ambition. How can I survive?
What is the way to be a successful CEO of a successful and well known company?
What if a startup fails? Do the founders have to pay back?
Why should an entrepreneur start a company with a co-founder?
I would like to meet Jimmy Wales in person, what can I do?
Who are some of the best known business professors?
What major skill should I develop as a teen to be a successful entrepreneur in future?
What are the start up costs for an employment agency?
What does Jimmy Wales think of Messi and Ronaldo? Whom does he prefer?
Is it possible to found and sell a tech startup entirely on one's own (without cofounders and outsourcing)?
What are time-told strategies that entrepreneurs have employed to get people excited enough to donate work to their cause?
What are the key differences with famous and not so famous entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Sega Corporation?
Whose pocket does IPO money goes to, the founders’ or the companies’?
How to Build a marketplace platform with little capital ?
How do I hire devs when I'm a non tech single founder?
Who are the best early-stage (seed and series A funded) start up founders in India?
How many entrepreneurs have more than one life-changing success?
What does Ernest W Adams think of Elon Musk?
I'm 17 and wanted to become a successful entrepreneur. What should I do to increase my knowledge?
What are the best European stock trading apps?
Why Elon musk is indispensable?
What can we do to be Elon Musk?
"Be a generalist, hire specialists". Is it a good advice for entrepreneurs and startup founders?
Can startup be considered as project?
Where can I find tech entrepreneurs who are less concerned about working in Silicon Valley at Google and more about helping more people with tech?
Is it a good idea to become a generalist if I want to found a startup?
How important is it to have a co-founder when launching a startup?
Which are the best networking groups for women entrepreneurs in Gurgaon?
As a technical person, is it a good idea to start SaaS business without non-technical co-founder?
How do I choose the right people for board of directors in growing startup?
What kind of people should I have in a startup?
What are things a startup must do to succeed?
What programmers-entrepreneurs do you know?
How do I contact startup founders to write content for our blog?
How do I go from being a researcher to being an entrepreneur?
Which economic class are most entrepreneurs?
My co-founder left last year and I paid her back $ invested from the company revenue. Do I have to send her a 1099 for taxes?
Which successful startups (if any) have used scrum successfully?
What would happen if a social media start-up competed against Facebook?
How does Jimmy Wales gain web traffic with small start-up websites?
How much should a co-founder get, if he will not continue working in the company?
How do you hire a good technical co-founder for your company if your are not an expert in technology?
What do founders expect from a VC/BA ?
Why are so many people on Quora entrepreneurs?
What needs to happen in the startup world to get women more involved as entrepreneurs?
How much voting power do founders have in billion dollar startups?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build his product on his own?
What is the most Time-Consuming part of a startup?
Why does it seem like 50% of all Quora questions have to do with Elon Musk?
What are some unusual facts about Steve jobs?
What does working for Steve jobs is?
Are there any entrepreneurs from Glasgow who want to be interviewed for a postgrad project?
What are advantages and disadvantages of being a technical founder of a startup?
Does Elon Musk believe in the ice age theory?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
How do I get noticed by someone like Elon Musk?
What makes startups so time consuming?
What is the best way for a startup founder to contact you as an investor?
What is the best way for an aspiring entrepreneur to start when you have no business background and are not sure where to start?
What are the odds that a religion is born from Elon Musk's views, accomplishments and values?
What are challenges faced by entrepreneurs in using data for building and growing a successful company?
As an investor, if you could ask founders only one question before making a funding decision, what would it be?
Should the founder demand their salary as part of business plan while trying to get funding?
How would I build accounts as a young entrepreneur in the security market?
How smart is Mark Zuckerberg?
Should a (main) startup founder be a generalist?
What is the best way to promote/advertise your mobile app before launching or opening?
Is being a programmer and an entrepreneur a good or even the best combination?
How much spare time do Jimmy Wales get in a day?
Is it okay to found a startup as a generalist who does everything (technical and non-technical part)?
What business generalists do you know?
What are Elon musk's best contributions to science?
What are the least motivating factors for entrepreneurs?
For first time entrepreneurs, emerging startups, & startups that are gaining traction what do you think are 4 main areas they should focus on/learn?
Should an entrepreneur/CEO be good at the technical part of his/her business?
What is the difference between a mobile app release and a startup?
Do startup founders continue to code with growth of their business?
I want to do startup and need more time for it so, I had decided to not to study class 12th. How can I make my parents agree for that?
What is the best way to find a business minded co-founder?
As a single person with no seed money, how can you succeed in selling services in a startup being built from ground 0 if you can't afford employees?
What kind of background check do VCs do on the entrepreneurs they fund?
Can a startup be done without a team?
What can male founders do to help break the boys' club culture of the startup world?
How do I overcome entrepreneurial fear?
Is it true that technical founders are more important than non-technical ones in the beginning of a startup?
When should a founder look for seed funding?
How easy is it to become a startup founder?
Should I get a full time job to fund the development of my startup?
Is there any CEO who doesn't use the products of his own company?
How often do MVP stage startups get funded with only solo founders?
What compensation package should I get my startup co-founder?
Can I succeed in tech world as non tech person?
Do startups need generalists? Why?
What do you mean by successful entrepreneur?
How do you market an Internet startup with no marketing budget?
Should an organization’s purchasing professional behave like an entrepreneur?
Whom would you consider as the best salesperson among all of the entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Quintiles?
How does an entrepreneur compare to a skydiver?
Which type of difficulties does a female entrepreneur face that are non existents for male entrepreneurs?
How did Steve Jobs get his ideas?
How do non-equity driven Accelerators help entrepreneurs keep 100% of the upside?
How do I achieve CEO post?
Is Elon Musk engaging in glitzy marketing when he publicly talks about the economic significance of first stage self-recovery and re-usability?
Is Iconiq Capital a founder friendly venture firm?
For a seed round, is it typical for founders to take out some money to pay for or reimburse the founders for past expenses?
Does Jimmy Wales know about Indian culture?
What skills do small/medium sized startup founders and CEOs find lacking in new employees?
Should a CEO of a startup pay for his own travel expense if his family in NYC and he is on a temporary contract (contingent on funding) in Germany?
What's the best way to source a business to business list for Malaysia and/or Singapore?
Who was the founfer of the Asia's 2nd largest fruit Mandi?
Who is Elon Musk and why is he so popular?
Is there any way to identify a successful startup?
Who is/was most badass CEO ever?
Can Elon Musk be Elon Musk without hardworking, laser focus, never give up attitude?
How should I distribute my startup's equity as we grow?
Will I be unsuccessful as an entrepreneur if I stop doing my high school homework and let my grades flunk and just work on my business?
How did you signifantly grow your small digital marketing service?
What is the hardest part of a tech startup?
Where can I find Singapore business listing sites?
Why does everyone try to be an entrepreneur?
How can a startup grow its user base very fast?
Can I stay in private hostels while studying at VIT Chennai?
What are some dropshippers who work with Shopify that are good for startups or beginner entrepreneurs?
What college major produces the most entrepreneurs?
Is it common on startup acquisition that the founders agree not to compete in the same category when they leave?
What is some advice for entrepreneurs looking to face off against industry giants in a market?
Is Erdogan actually one of the FETO cofounders?
What is the biggest problem of VCs worth solving?
What would be the most important habits for a successful entrepreneur?
How do you start a cellphone startup?
Who owns PGurus web portal? Who is the founder and chief editor?
What is your daily schedule like?
When you build a website together, how do you divide the titles "founder" and "co-founders"?
How will Elon Musk's gigafactory help the world?
Are you looking to build a startup in 2017?
What does it mean to be successful young entrepreneur?
How do you reinvent yourself as an entrepreneur?
Who are some inspirational entrepreneurs? What is their success story?
Do you see any entrepreneurial opportunity in developing a place for digital detox?
Do founders and angel investors believe more in Ivy League alumni?
What are the best books on mobile application startups?
Shark Tank (TV series): Why is Kevin O'Leary so nasty?
Which gets listed first, a CEO or a co-founder?
How was Thumbtack founded?
What is the future of immigration for foreign entrepreneurs in the US?
Why is Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk, but not with Warren Buffett?
Today the CSIR (government of India) announced a 400cr start-up fund. Can we expect more scientists to become entrepreneurs as a result of this?
What should I learn, as a teen, to become a successful entrepreneur?
Who is founder of histology?
Do initial founders in a startup get salaries at the initial phase? How much?
Why do many entrepreneurs decline Kevin O'leary's licensing deal?
What are some things to watch out for as a startup employee as a founder leaves?
Where can I find the right co-founder for my startup www.info4kids.com with right technical and marketing skills?
Did Steve jobs know he would become successful?
Why do so many founders not have their first customer?
How can entrepreneurs aim/take advantage of in countries like Turkey?
How can founders exchange info about their VCs or angels without stressing the relationship to their own VCs or angels?
How can a startup answer the question "what prevents a bigger company from taking your idea?"
How can I find a cofounder for my fermented beverage startup in India?
Do co-founders work for zero salary until they get seed fund?
How does one go about starting a world changing group like anonymous or sumofus?
Is the ACCA worth it? Can it help you become an entrepreneur?
Where do entrepreneurs get their ideas from?
Why is Elon Musk seen as one of the best entrepreneur in the world?
Does a startup co-founder necessarily have to own 50% of the equity?
What should I do to have a chance to work under Jimmy Wales?
How can I market a startup on a very low budget?
How can I replace the position of Jimmy Wales in Wikipedia?
Who are the founder of Sun Group?
How knowledgable about how to build a business are the richest Founder/CEOs, compared to average entrepreneurs or people in business academia?
Who founded ESPNcricinfo?
What are the most optimal strategies to raise a $3m seed round in SF in 2017?
What is Elon Musk’s next big project?
Are there any startups in Nagpur?
I am going to start a blog about different inspiring startup stories and want the startup founders to write about there journey how can I reach them?
How can I become a lifestyle entrepreneur or a travelpreneur?
Will the relatives of the founders of CommonFloor.com also quit after the founders are forced out of Quickr?
How is BetaPage 2.0 different from other start-up communities?
What are the common challenges an entrepreneur faces?
What are some creative alternatives to forming a C corp in order to get investments from angels or VCs?
What are the most promising startups founded in 2016?
What should your initial startup team look like?
Can a company do business without a clear USP? What is the difference between USP and UVP?
Do founders and angel investors find it easier to invest in the alumni of Google, Microsoft, Apple, and Facebook?
How many ideas/companies actually got funded in the Startup Weekend events?
What was it like to grow up with two successful entrepreneurs as parents?
What proofs do I show when asked for in an IIM interview about my own startup? I resigned becoz I was not getting well with my co-founder.
How can India generate more entrepreneurs?
How can I crowdfund survival money or emergency fund for while I get my startup freelance writing company off the ground?
Starting up a company is a challenging task, and finding the best co-founder is too difficult. How do you find the correct partner?
What are some good behaviours to become a good entrepreneur?
Why didn't Elon Musk co-brand his companies SpaceX and Tesla?
Would Jimmy Wales like to come over for dinner?
If you were the founder of a startup about to be acquired, would you try to incentivize your talent to stay?
How do I become an entrepreneur if I am 21 and introverted?
Is it healthy for teens to have a work ethic like Elon Musk?
Should Founders take salary from the seed fund, and how much?
How do great(busy) people get time to be happy?
Can I become the next Elon Musk?
Who are the founders of Cisco Systems?
Should someone with tech skills and a passion for startups, but in a ton of debt in their mid-twenties, move to SF or somewhere else to build a company?
What is Palkesh Asawa's favorite startup and why?
If a startup decides to pivot, in what cases the ongoing vesting contracts should NOT be maintained?
I want a cofounder for an online music magazine who can add value to the company. How do I get someone?
I am looking to invest some amount in a startup, how can I approach the founders?
How do you handle world news as an entrepreneur?
Entrepreneurs: How often do you play video games?
Can some friends start working from their homes and build their own startup ?
How should I do marketing for my 2 startup apps as a 20 year old with $200 in bank account?
What financial planners are used and recommended by startup founders/CEOs in the Bay Area?
How can a new entrepreneur mitigate personal financial risk during bootstrapping?
How can I create own brand of mobile accessories by importing quality products and selling under my brand name?
Why is Jimmy Wales so much smarter than us? What did he do to become successful?
What is your biggest challenge or Frustration as an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of TripGully.com?
Does one need to go to a school as prestigious as Lehigh to be a successful entrepreneur like yourself?
What is better: setting up your own startup and being your own boss or working with a company and gradually rising up to become its CEO?
What does it take to be a successful entrepreneur in the fashion industry?
Shall I leave this startup to join Aditya Birla?
Will Elon musk say "I should have traveled more" or "I should have spent more hours in office" in his death bed?
What are the habits we should get rid of to be successful and productive as Elon Musk and Steve Jobs?
What do you think of Robert Kiyosaki as a businessman?
Are there any games or websites for a future entrepreneur?
How do I make a great sales presentation?
Would you support an entrepreneur over big brand companies? Why or why not?
What is the biggest mistake aspiring entrepreneurs make?
How useful is "Rich Dad, Poor Dad"?
Why is startup cost important?
Can I get an O-visa to immigrate to the USA as a startup founder?
How will Jimmy Wales rate himself for several roles he is playing in his life (like as a son, as a CEO, as a partner)?
How do colleges get founded?
What is a determinant of successful teams includes the time and number of possessions?
How can a young successful entrepreneur in a developing country attend Davos as a speaker?
Can investors sue the founder of a startup if it fails?
Does leaving a startup early still give you exit credibility?
Who is the founder/founders of KenFolios?
Would tech revolutionaries like Jobs and Musk be even more revolutionary today had they attended the m&t program at upenn?
How could I become a private prison CEO/founder/owner?
What successful startups have been started by lone founders?
What successful startups had layoffs in their early days?
What are the startup industries to watch?
As the founder of a beautiful startup, how do you normally expand your team? How do you choose which scope of the startup to strengthen?
How much more difficult is it to run a tech startup without taking in investment?
Can I tell an employee the perceived value of his stock options assuming the company gets sold?
What business skills did you wish you had as a startup founder?
I'm an entrepreneur, looking for a suitable mentor to help me build my startup. How do I find one?
Where should most entrepreneurs work from?
What are the most important things for an entrepreneur to know?
What are the core skills to be an entrepreneur?
What are some good majors to become a successful entrepreneur?
For startup founders, how can you determine what advice is full of corporate bullshit?
Who is smarter, Tony Stark, Bruce Banner, Elon Musk, or Steve Jobs?
What are some early stage startups that will become unicorns in 2017?
How long did you work on your first startup for?
Would reading books on software architecture be the best topic for a non-tech founder to understand the plight of a tech team?
How can we set up a strong base for a startup?
How do I compete with a company that has unlimited capital and I don't?
What's the best way for a biotechnology startup team to access scientific articles?
What is the stake/equity sharing percentage between founders and investors?
What do start-up entrepreneurs value with their mentor/advisor?
What are some things the founders should consider when choosing a company's values?
Who do you see as up and coming innovative leaders similar to Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
What if I say I'm happier than Jimmy Wales?
If Elon Musk is successful in sending expeditions to Mars, what type of economic and social structure will Martians have?
What does it takes to be a successfull entrepreneur and to build a great corporation?
What or who does Jimmy Wales dislike?
What are the best examples of successful founders who built tech they needed themselves?
Does Elon Musk believe in global warming?
Is Robert Kiyosaki’s network marketing a fraud?
Why doesn't Elon musk take donations to help fund SpaceX ?
How come Elon Musk doesn't get emotional over divorce?
Who are some of the good entrepreneurs in Noida?
Is it wrong to speculate that entrepreneurs ask meaningful questions for a living?
Our startup is on its last leg and I had a falling out with the founder. What's the process of bowing out and letting go of my shares?
What do you think made Facebook's founder more famous than Google's founders?
Does Elon Musk have a big part in Tesla R&D?
Do start-up studios build prototypes, or do they just provide ideas and training to future founders?
Why does Jimmy Wales always tries to be decent guy?
What have been your breakthrough moments as an aspiring entrepreneur?
Who are the founders of Cisco Systems?
What is Flipkart's stock distribution between various funders and founders?
Who is the founder of Paypal?
I am looking to invest some amount in a startup, how can I approach the founders?
How can a new entrepreneur mitigate personal financial risk during bootstrapping?
Why is Jimmy Wales so much smarter than us? What did he do to become successful?
The most successful entrepreneur and investor in our industry contacted our startup, but he has already invested in a competitor so what does he want?
What is the most important advice would Guy Kawasaki give a hardware startup founder that is less meaningful for software startups?
In case you don't find an investor, is it feasible/good idea to make money by taking workshops at colleges about your technology?
As a non-tech founder, What progress can I make on my startup before outsourcing it or finding a CTO?
What is the greatest advice you can give on becoming an entrepreneur and learning how to market and sell?
Should I first work at a startup before launching my software business?
How does it feel the moment your startup is funded?
What are some great resources for entrepreneurs who are looking for angel investors and don't know where to begin?
What Things entrepreneur should not do while starting-up?
How do single founders take a vacation?
Hw can I start a new startup?
Is there any Institution which evaluates startup which is Internationally widely accepted and how much it will cost for the evaluation approximately?
Who is legend27?
Who are Elon Musk's role models?
I have fleshed out an idea for an app start up, should I go about developing a prototype myself or recruit/outsource?
Will Amazon Alexa stay dominant or does a startup have a chance?
Should I choose one man startup over small company of 80 people?
Do you think it's okay for not having a co-founder in startup?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
Why is Jimmy Wales so successfull?
Is it probable for someone to become a good programmer, entrepreneur, and scientist? He has BSc IT, some entrepreneurial but not scientific background
I want to build my start-up but I have no ideas - what should I do?
What are the perks of launching a startup?
What ways do you think about start ups that is different from the common methods?
What's the name of the founder of PayPal?
Which are the top most difficulties in starting a startup?
What things should would-be entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
Do company founders get a salary and equity?
Which successful entrepreneurs have a business degree?
What does it takes to be a successfull entrepreneur and to build a great corporation?
How do you make a staffing company?
What are common problems that occur with "founder CEO's"?
What's the proper definition of a billion dollar company?
What are the biggest problems with consumer internet non-technical founders from a VC perspective?
Are there any entrepreneurs/businessmen who took bigger risks than Elon Musk, over the course of the history? How did taking these risks pay off?
Is Jimmy Wales rich?
How can a convicted felon become successful? (so they won't have to go back down the road of crime)
Can you explain how entrepreneurs 'make meaning'?
How should I do marketing for my 2 startup apps as a 20 year old with $200 in bank account?
What is your biggest challenge or Frustration as an entrepreneur?
Will Elon musk say "I should have traveled more" or "I should have spent more hours in office" in his death bed?
Is Elon Musk a modern day superhero?
As an entrepreneur and team leader, how do I get others to work effectively, without being bossy?
What are some policy issues associated with launching a startup?
Do authors such as Jimmy Wales get embarrassed when looking at articles they wrote a few years ago?
Should a new grad attorney, with poor jobs prospects, become an entrepreneur?
What percentage of Series A deals in the United States are from Y Combinator, Techstars, and 500 startups?
Founder of highly valued startup (5%) is leaving the company, looking to sell shares. If company/shareholders don't buy, what is best way to sell?
Does leaving a startup early still give you exit credibility?
Is your success really worth your sacrifices as an entrepreneur?
What should I do to be like Elon Musk or Larry Page apart from the technical side?
What are the things that Jimmy Wales have done which contributed him to be in this position?
How could I become a private prison CEO/founder/owner?
Where should most entrepreneurs work from?
Do you need a team to bring your start-up into the hands of experienced personnel, or can you do it alone?
What is a simple list of categories of product/services entrepreneurs create once and sell many times?
What was special about working with Steve Jobs?
Guy Kawasaki: What are the risks and advantages for a startup founder to be the main evangelist for his / her brand?
Who are the best sport's entrepreneurs?
Bootstrapped Startup running out of money, what shall I do?
After SolarCity, SpaceX, Tesla and OpenAI, what's next for Elon Musk?
Can I ask a startup's founder for a capitalization table?
What are the basic needs to start our own startup?
How would protectionist policies for local start-ups affect the entire start-up ecosystem of a certain region?
Why is Jimmy Wales the best?
What is the best way to approach CTOs for building a tech based business?
What does the startup Blueberry Home do?
What should be your strategy while Undergraduation for becoming a successful entrepreneur in future?
Entrepreneurs: How often do you play video games?
Is it possible as an African to become a successful American entrepreneur?
When is it time to quit or look for another idea, as a startup founder?
What do you do when your idea is already built by another startup?
Did Steve Jobs actually put an iPod prototype in water?
Who is the founder/founders of KenFolios?
Would tech revolutionaries like Jobs and Musk be even more revolutionary today had they attended the m&t program at upenn?
Can I tell an employee the perceived value of his stock options assuming the company gets sold?
Should aspiring entrepreneurs avoid having a girlfriend until after they become successful?
How do I answer the question: "difference of my startup with another startup"?
What business skills did you wish you had as a startup founder?
What is InMobi's stock distribution between founders and funders?
What is the road that will lead you to be an entrepreneur?
For startup founders, how can you determine what advice is full of corporate bullshit?
As a new member of the Forbes 30 Under 30, is Keiana Cave becoming the next Elon Musk/Mark Zuckerberg?
What do start-up entrepreneurs value with their mentor/advisor?
Where does a middle aged retired successful entrepreneur meet younger women in Southeastern Connecticut?
What or who does Jimmy Wales dislike?
When a startup is sold, where does the money go?
I have an idea for a startup, how do I implement it?
Could Elon Musk do what he has done without going to school? Would his companies be better?
How do I get co-founders while running an OPC?
What do you think made Facebook's founder more famous than Google's founders?
What is the new startup to watch?
What does a company founder’s salary slip contain?
How is Tai lopez helping people with his courses ? as an example the Social media marketing test group!
How did Elon musk meet Talulah Riley?
How did you get good at negotiating? If you're an entrepreneur, how useful was this skill to your success?
Should I outsource my MVP before taking a co-founder to earn respect & appreciation?
What will happen if every YouTube user subscribed to Red?
Is Mark Zuckerberg likely to go into politics?
Would you use your own money to start a startup?
What are the 10 qualities an entrepreneur should not have, and name any entrepreneur who has these qualities and yet is still successful?
What do I have to do to show you that I'm worthy of your mentorship?
What are the best jobs and job markets for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How can I became an entrepreneur? I am studying in class 12 right now
Why isn't Elon Musk actively trying to improve battery technology?
As an entrepreneur, how do you realize you can't continue with your business project?
Should I first work at a startup before launching my software business?
A startup's co-founder, also working as full time employee in another firm, wants to do his Masters as soon as he can. How can he achieve this?
What should you do when you don’t share the same vision of your startup with your co-founder?
Who are the well known serial entrepreneurs in the US?
Do you know of any business ideas that were funded solely on the merit of the idea and without any prototype or whatever else?
Did Evan Spiegel's age (and accompanying perspective) give him any advantages as a start-up founder?
How much did Steve Jobs contribute to the iPhone?
My wife doesn't support my entrepreneurial projects and thinks Im megalomaniac. What should I do?
Do you have a startup idea but don't know how to implement it?
What is the difference between startup company and entrepreneurs?
Should I live with my co-founder?
Will Amazon Alexa stay dominant or does a startup have a chance?
What are the pitfalls of starting a tech start-up?
Do you think it's okay for not having a co-founder in startup?
Is it probable for someone to become a good programmer, entrepreneur, and scientist? He has BSc IT, some entrepreneurial but not scientific background
What are all the things I should do to become an entrepreneur?
Who is (are) the founder(s), and CEO of Faraday Future?
How do I apply for Canadian PR as a cofounder in a Canadian startup?
Where can I find extensive data on tech startup financials and success rates?
What are some interesting, untouched startup ideas that you wish should exist?
How often does an entrepreneur have sex?
Which successful entrepreneurs have a business degree?
Do you think Steve Jobs would be disgusted in what Apple was doing now?
How does Jimmy Wales define objectivism?
How should my team treat our startup's prototyping facility, when it belongs to one of the founders as his private property?
What is a good business idea to help you get your feet wet in the business world when you have a lot of time rather than money to start off?
Do I need to go to Harvard to be a successful tech entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Paswan Samaj?
Who is the founder of JJList?
How has your experience racing an Ironman helped you as a startup founder/leader and as a mom?
What is enterpreneur?
What's the proper definition of a billion dollar company?
Is it possible for an average dude to contact Elon Musk? If so, how?
Is Jimmy Wales mastermind?
How can I make myself have a work ethic and focus like Elon Musk?
If I am an entrepreneur, is it worth it to continue college?
What are the steps that an entrepreneur takes to become successful?
How can a convicted felon become successful? (so they won't have to go back down the road of crime)
Is it possible to secretly own a superyacht?
Is it good to raise money from VCs/angel investors?
What are the basic thing we shouldn't know before starting a startup?
How can I contact Shraddha Sharma, the founder of Your Story?
Has Elon Musk read Firestarter by Michael Flynn?
Do you think Steve Jobs got enough credit for the iPhone?
How do tech entrepreneurs delegate their ways into wealth?
Is Elon Musk full of BS?
What products are made by Mark Zuckerberg?
How and when did Elon Musk build a body as perfect as a model?
How many employees should a company have before one starts using the CEO descriptor?
As an entrepreneur and team leader, how do I get others to work effectively, without being bossy?
Do authors such as Jimmy Wales get embarrassed when looking at articles they wrote a few years ago?
What percentage of Series A deals in the United States are from Y Combinator, Techstars, and 500 startups?
How do you define the term startup campus?
How do entrepreneurs get on TV?
Is your success really worth your sacrifices as an entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg think that he was doing the right thing when he sold out his Harvard class mates to the CIA for personal gain?
How much does it cost to hire the CEO of your startup?
What do VCs look for?
How can I get involved in startups as a founder in SF?
How an early stage Indian tech startup can relocate in Silicon Valley?
What is a simple list of categories of product/services entrepreneurs create once and sell many times?
How can I find a Sales/Biz Dev co-founder in California?
What are the different trouble an individual face while starting his own startup what should be his approach to get funding?
What is the funding amount given to young entrepreneurs for their startups by MSME, and what is the procedure for it?
Who became rich based on stock options they received as employees in corporations of which they were neither the founders nor relatives of the founders?
What is it like to meet Elon Musk when he was in Zip2 or Paypal?
Is there a service or profession whose purpose is to scale up inexperienced startups that suddenly have enough capital to do so?
Should you give free stuff to cancelled subscribers?
What programs recommend me similar to BaseCamp to boost my startup? I need enter in the Silicon Valley ecosystem to raise funds and make networking.
What degree would be most helpful to me if I wish to be an entrepreneur?
What are the pros and cons of a double trigger with a 6 year vest for founders of a startup?
How is Tai lopez helping people with his courses ? as an example the Social media marketing test group!
According to Mark Zuckerberg, who are his competitors?
How would protectionist policies for local start-ups affect the entire start-up ecosystem of a certain region?
Who will be responsible for Wikpedia when Jimmy Wales is no more?
Do all co-founders need be present when raising a seed round?
What does the startup Blueberry Home do?
How do I ship my businesses products if I work 9-5?
Should I write about Jimmy Wales as an assignment about entrepreneurs my economics teacher gave me? Can Jimmy Wales help me?
What are some promising industries for future tech entrepreneurs?
What are some unique Internet startup business strategies that work?
Who are the largest entrepreneurial personalities on social media?
Does Jimmy Wales believe in aliens?
What do you do when your idea is already built by another startup?
Why did Elon Musk list "tunnels" instead of The Boring Company in his Twitter handle?
What is the optimal structure of a startup SaaS B2B sales team? 
What are some cool startups launching in Atlanta this year?
What is the religion of Mark Zuckerberg’s wife?
What is InMobi's stock distribution between founders and funders?
How privileged was Elon Musk in his upbringing relative to his fellow citizens?
What is the road that will lead you to be an entrepreneur?
What is the vertical management that Elon musk does?
Are there successful startups that recruited a team online to design/build physical products?
Is the average successful blogger wealthier than the average successful startup founder?
What countries have the best entrepreneurs?
Who are the top 15 entrepreneurs in India?
How do I answer "Tell us about yourself, your personal bio and why you became an entrepreneur”?
What are the pros and cons of a 4-year-vest and a 6-year-vest for startup founders?
What are some things I need to know before starting a money transfer company for remittances?
What makes a small food startup attractive to big distributors?
How do I get co-founders while running an OPC?
What does the market for Series A investment look like, heading into 2017?
Do entrepreneurs really get leads and verification from Quora?
What are some startups ideas through which one can earn a handsome amount?
Who will leave a greater legacy: Elon Musk or Barack Obama?
Where does a middle aged retired successful entrepreneur meet younger women in Southeastern Connecticut?
What TV series' does Jimmy Wales watch?
How do I find a co-founder in Delhi?
How did Elon musk finish high school and five months of University of Pretoria by 17?
How can b2b startups identify prospects who are looking for their service as cheaply as possible?
What are the topics a startup founder should follow in Quora?
Who is the founder of iPhone?
What people would you talk to if you have a startup that you need to get off the ground?
How is your business scalable?
What are the common basic principles that every successful entrepreneur follow?
How do I go from a startup idea to a real company, and what are the legal steps?
Is it possible to create a checklist to sumup the chances of success of a startup?
Is dual employment allowed in IT MNCs in India?
Why do entrepreneurs need to be resilient?
Entrepreneurs: how do you deal with the fact that many problems are just invisible, hidden, intangible problems?
How does the co-founding thing work?
Does an entrepreneur need a network?
Why am I so hurt in my life?
Has Jimmy Wales ever done Acid or partied on ecstasy in his life?
What is the best education for aspiring internet entrepreneurs?
What are the most promising startups in your country to watch for in 2017?
Does it make sense to look for a mentor while startup idea is at inception?
Which location is optimal for an aerospace start-up?
What does it mean when a start-up 'exits?
Can Ahmedabad be a startup hub?
What was the competitive landscape like when when Steve jobs started the iPhone and when it launched?
Will Mark Zuckerberg run for political office?
Do you agree with what Kanwal Rekhi has to say about Flipkart founders?
What are the benefits of being an entrepreneur?
What is the most badass thing about Elon Musk?
How much capital is needed to startup a maritime surveillance company?
My co-founder writes messy/bad code what should I do, it is slowing me down?
What are some well known companies founded by siblings?
Why are only 2% of tech founders economics majors?
Who do you think is the coolest entrepreneur?
What would you suggest a young person who is trying to become an entrepreneur?
What are the best startups you know about?
What is the goal of an entrepreneur?
What are the best free websites to meet co-founders?
What is the hardest thing about being a entrepreneur?
Why can’t we nuke Mars, in order to create a new atmosphere, as per Elon Musk's ideas?
How would you compare start-ups started by IITians vs those started by IIM graduates? What are those start-ups? How do they differ?
Does Elon Musk have any apprentices or anyone he can pass the torch to when he can no longer run his projects?
Is Rahul Yadav a douchebag among startup founders?
Can a VC ask for copies of filed patents as part of due diligence?
I am founding a biomedical device startup. What good advice would experts in the field give me in order to succeed?
What technical skills can be taught to people with no formal education over a period of a few months, in order to prepare them for great startup ideas?
What are some ways to prepare financial skills for my startup?
What should I do if my co-founder is building the product too slowly whereby competitors are launching before us?
What are the startups in India which are fighting global warming/climate change?
How much is a start up worth?
Who is the most successful thief-cum-entrepreneur?
Would a Silicon Valley leader like Mark Zuckerberg be a good thing for American politics, should he decide to run for office?
Should you charge users in an enterprise SaaS?
Does an MBA in marketing or in operations help if one has entrepreneurial aspirations in the future? If so, what B-School would be good?
What legal problems did you face in your startup?
Are there any medical entrepreneurs on here (who have M.D. title)? What are your experiences so far?
I have a great idea for a bar/club. What is the process to get financing for the project?
Do you think it's viable to put 'premium' video content behind a paywall?
Did the founders of Atlassian know how to code?
What are the biggest mistakes made by new entrepreneurs?
What specific things can creatives (architects, designers, artists) start doing to be on the path to becoming savvy, successful entrepreneurs?
What skills must a serial entrepreneur have?
What is it like as a CEO or founder to have to massively downsize your company?
What should I invest my time in?
Who is the founder of course4coders?
Which entrepreneurs had simultaneous failed ventures before making it relatively big and how many times did they fail?
I and my co-founder are about to build a product, but we use two different dev stacks, how do we go about this?
Can you work in law as an entrepreneur without ever becoming certified to practice law yourself?
How do entrepreneurs work for equity?
Is it difficult to become a millionaire from a tech startup in the Middle East?
Why is Indiana a poor place to start a tech company?
Why are so many entrepreneurs flaky?
How much did Elon Musk's ex-wives get in the divorce?
What phone and notebook does Elon Musk use?
As an investor what is your view, if a founder uses his first startup employee to build MVP for his second startup?
What are the best books about start-ups?
What is the future of Startup companies in US - 2017?
As an entrepreneur, what would you advise me?
How can we analyse a Startup Deal?
Why isn't the US government replaced by startups?
If an immigrant startup founder exits by making 150 million USD, can he take that money back to his country?
What do startup accelerators look for in technical co-founders?
How much do you make as an young entrepreneur?
How can I get past the problem of finance for all my startup ideas?
What sentence does every entrepreneur have to say when he wakes up?
Will the first hire of my startup be a co-founder?
I want to build a company involving in data analytics research & advisory. What day job would be right for an aspiring entrepreneur with bills to pay?
Should I have a business partner as an entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales's plan of his life after the age of 60?
What is the best option for online identification verification for a startup?
How can an aspiring entrepreneur make the most out of his masters in US?
How does Uber's pricing model work?
Why is there more support available for founders of product-oriented startups vs. software development (service) companies?
What steps should I take and goals should I set to become a successful entrepreneur?
Who are some notable Chinese entrepreneurs?
What books would you recommend for a Tech Guy and Aspiring entrepreneur?
Will Jimmy Wales respond if I email him?
Do entrepreneurs need to "know it all" in order for their business to survive?
Marketing experience is equally important whether we do startup or reputed company?
How do I save an employee through non-technical ideas in MNC for operations?
What is the first step to create a startup?
How can one add value as an non-technical intern to an incubator?
What are the most important skills of a TECH entrepreneur?
How do entrepreneurs partake in multiple business operations at once, particularly in terms of how they might work for equity and work remotely?
What happens to pre operative expenses in case of a start up?
If you reach Mars before Elon Musk, what kind of deal would you make with him?
How many sales are made in a day by new startup?
Does high school really determine whether you will be successful?
Can a teenager start a biotechnology company?
What are the top 5 need to knows for an entrepreneur?
Should you keep a funny name for your startup so that people will remember it, or will people not take your startup seriously?
What were the symptoms of future entrepreneurs?
Why does some states create some incentives to increase its own entrepreneurial culture while others do not?
When registering a Delaware C-corp, you need to assign the shares. How does the vesting come into play then? Does the founders agreement overrule?
Is Elon Musk losing money?
Would US investors invest in a product, if the founder plans to run the company in Indonesia?
Who are top tech CEOs and founders that are immigrant turned American citizens (like Elon Musk)?
I have a great idea in my head. How can I get it out and into the real world?
Did Jimmy Wales ever or will chat with someone personally?
For how long would recognition as a “Startup” be valid?
How does Elon Musk still have a perfect eyesight without the need to wear spectacles?
If you could ask Elon Musk one question, what would it be?
Who is founder of camera?
What are some big startup events organized in India?
Should more young people become entrepreneurs in East Asia?
How many entrepreneurs are there in Massachusetts?
What are some important things to know about Peter Theil for 1st time startup founder?
What's the best way for a new social media agency to get clients?
Are 6 co-founders too much for a startup?
When registering a Delaware C-corp, how many shares of common and preferred stocks should we issue and at what value? How many for co-founders?
What is a good non-founder CFO deal to put together for new start-up but with traction & market interest?
What are the steps to make a start up successful?
Are videobooks going to be the next big thing?
Who is Elon Musk's ex girl friend?
Would you have wanted to be friends with Steve Jobs? Do you consider yourself a sycophant?
What is it like to be a young entrepreneur?
Is there any platform where I can invest in online startups?
How do serial entrepreneurs work for equity?
Who are top founders and CEOs in the world who had not divorced their spouse?
As a solo founder, shouldn't I still execute a reverse-vesting for future investment possibilities?
Have you already found what you are looking for?
Is it compulsory for a start-up partnership to have a majority shareholder?
What do I do with my talented co-founder who doesn't seem to be engaged 100% of the time?
How can I become a stupid person?
Why did Elon Musk invest in DeepMind?
Do founders keep tabs on which employees exercise their options?
What would be your best quote that resonates within you that has helped you achieve what you have today? Why?
When an investor provides x% of a start-up's capital, do they earn x% of the profits just like the investors who are also running it?
Are there advantages to hiring a local software firm?
What is the business of Leaflines?
Why did Bill Gates retire from Microsoft so young?
How do I start a startup project while there are many threads?
I have a good idea for a startup. Is there any way I can work with a team of coworkers online?
Which nanodegree should I do if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Can I run a business startup along with my graduation?
Should I worry about my star engineer getting poached by other companies in CES?
Why do you think Elon Musk wants to only live 100 years?
How do I find a technical person in Pune for my start up?
Does Elon Musk take courses on leadership or does it come naturally to him?
Why is it so easy for entrepreneurs that have had previous success to raise funds from VCs for their new venture despite not having field expertise?
What is a good book for tech company founders?
How do you become an entrepreneur after leaving high school with little money?
How does Elon Musk respond to criticisms of electric cars?
What is the psychological difference between a CEO and founder of a big company?
If cofounder is not sure of working full time with his startup after some time how can he get his invested money back if he is quitting from startup?
Who was the founding technical backbone of Apple?
What is a good way to find team members for a start-up company at a university?
What are the top 3 important reports that you look at every month as a business owner?
If you owned a startup and a business giant tries to steal your product, what steps would you take to save your startup?
How do I get a date with Elon Musk? If he could only give me 10 hours of his time, that's ok. I'am extremely patient and down to Earth. Mars RULES;)
What are some AI startups to follow in 2017?
How do technical founders deal with their non-tech founders within a tech company?
How can I become a combination of Bruce Wayne and Elon Musk?
What are the essential roles that have to be played in a biomedical startup (biomedical device) between co founders?
Are there more startup mentors than startup entrepreneurs in India?
What is a good job or career for me?
If you funded a startup for $22 million and it got sold for $375 million, did the investors make a profit of $353 million?
Is Jimmy Wales a billionaire?
Do I have to be a great programmer to found a startup?
How important is mental stability for an entrepreneur to succeed?
What are the necessary accounting setups and documents a startup needs to make to get started?
What is the founder principle?
Would you give up your work-life balance to be the founder and CEO of an enormously successful startup?
Is there anyone who could guide in building a startup for free?
How did kanban market itself to drive growth and popularity against competitors?
Why are large, successful companies in the U.S. almost always talked about synonymously with their CEOs?
Is Elon Musk the Nicola Tesla of our time?
Who is the best money maker of the world?
Can you help me to make my very first article better?
Who are some famous homosexual entrepreneurs?
How did Shiv Khera start his company?
I want to build an applicant tracking software (ATS). Is it a good idea to work on it?
I am torn between becoming an entrepreneur and pursuing a PhD. Does anyone have any advice?
Would you rely on Gumroad in 2017?
What were the sleeping habits of Elon musk and nikola Tesla?
Where and how can I find a best partner for my startup?
How do you motivate yourself as an entrepreneur?
How long did it take for your first startup to see any revenue?
Do you know how to get a startup bridge loan, based on a grant that has been awarded but not yet paid to the startup?
Where would Elon Musk be if he hadn't created PayPal and didn't have money?
What nature of work did Jimmy Wales do when he was initially working on Wikipidea?
Which business would you start if you had only 1,00,000 rupees and how will you divide your expenses from scratch?
Is it necessary to display a company board outside the registered address (rented property) for a Software Startup in India?
What are major differences between an employee and entrepreneur?
How is the current tech startup ecosystem different from the 90's tech boom?
What is your plan to earn one million INR in year 2017?
I'm an entrepreneur, exited on my first venture (beverages). I now want to work for a consumer goods VC firm - is this realistic with my background?
What do you think billionaires/innovators of tomorrow are or should be studying?
My uncle has successfully built a company specializing in selling meat, should I ask him for advice on growing a tech startup?
Which famous entrepreneurs are socialist?
Does Jimmy Wales watch Peaky Blinders?
I want to start a startup. I am familiar with iOS but not web development. Should I start the the startup as an iPhone app and then later expand?
Does Jimmy Wales meet anyone if one of the successfull person wants to meet him then?
How should I execute this business idea?
What was the transition from employee to entrepreneur like for you?
Is age 29 too late to become an entrepreneur?
I'm a smart college student. What do I need to become a smart entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales pretty much always have a buyer waiting to acquire Wikipedia and if so, how much?
What is usually the maximum number of people involved in a startup?
How is amber found?
What are some things to keep in mind for a successful startup?
What is the goal of Promethea?
What is Martin Skhreli’s new startup about?
When did Adam D'Angelo start using Linux?
When should a startup with only a single founder create a team before seeking funding?
How do startup founders survive amidst bills, food, rent, etc., and earning nothing in the first 1–2 years of their business life?
What is an accredited investor and what are the benefits of being one, if you're an entrepreneur who wants to operate his/her own companies?
Who do most nonprofit entrepreneurs hire for their finance & accounting needs?
What are some new ideas of non-technical events?
Would network marketing help me become a good entrepreneur?
Is the phrase "I own my own business" the new "I'm a vegan"?
How did Google start their campuses for entrepreneurs?
How does it feel to be fired from a startup?
Should Elon Musk invest in Brazil with SolarCity?
If Elon Musk wants to send people to Mars, don't those people need special training? When would that be happening?
How do I ask an entrepreneur to be my mentor?
I have a startup idea and just recruited my final team member. What should I do to become a great CEO and have the right execution?
What steps does a food entrepreneur take to get their product on the market?
Is it possible to sell the shares of an LLP in India?
If I brushed up against Elon Musk's robe would I be healed?
How do I find a co-founder for an online music magazine to take it to the next level?
What are some useful tips for opening and operating a successful home-based sandwich business?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
What should an early stage San Francisco based startup know about paying a full-time remote (outside of US) team member?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
What carriers should entrepreneurs read?
Which startups created recently seem to have wide moats already?
How can I reduce cost of airline tickets?
What are basic tools required by startups?
If an Indian can run Microsoft or Google, why can’t he create one in India?
Who is the founder of Paypal?
How can a new entrepreneur mitigate personal financial risk during bootstrapping?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
How did Elon musk meet Talulah Riley?
Why are most successful entrepreneurs of recent days from Silicon Valley?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
How did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg become a billionaire at such a young age?
What is the greatest advice you can give on becoming an entrepreneur and learning how to market and sell?
What are the basic problems encountered in establishing a startup?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
How useful was getting an undergraduate degree to becoming a successful tech entrepreneur?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
Who is the founder of IBM?
How did Periscope beat Meerkat?
How many months it took to build your startup?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
How much more difficult is it to run a tech startup without taking in investment?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
How badly are startups affected by demonetization?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
What are the right steps to get clients to your startup?
How much do you make as an entrepreneur?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What is the best way to communicate with tech staff on what you want to build, as a non-tech founder?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
Is it wrong when a person with a tech background thinks of quite a non-tech startup?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
Does LinkedIn offer anything, but a resume-centric profile format?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
What skills must a serial entrepreneur have?
Is it hazardous to health to live in a continuous state of brainstorming? And if so, how to overcome it?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
Who is legend27?
Can a weak programmer become good entrepreneur?
What are the most important components of competitive intelligence for new entrepreneurs and what do they mean?
How does a young entrepreneur lead his or her own company without any experience? How do you know your employees are not making up their reports?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
Is it wrong to speculate that entrepreneurs ask meaningful questions for a living?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
What do investors look for in a founder?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What are some political startups that have exited successfully?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
How can we analyse a Startup Deal?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Who founded Divya Chetna Satsang?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur in economics?
What is the best way to explain to investors previous rollercoaster revenues?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
Why is there more support available for founders of product-oriented startups vs. software development (service) companies?
Who are some notable Chinese entrepreneurs?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the most badass thing about Elon Musk?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What is hindering the growth of entrepreneurs in India?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
What does Elon Musk think about ISRO's launch of 104 satellites?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
Who is responsible for deciding CEO/founder salary?
Do YouTube founders regret selling YouTube for Google?
What are your points to be considered while starting a Education Start up?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
What's all this fuss about starting a startup and becoming an entrepreneur?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
Is this news real about Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and New Zeland?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What is the best way to start an entrepreneurship journey?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How can you mitigate VC bias against single-founder startups?
Is there a link between the entrepreneur’s Internet skills and the performance of its online startup?
How are college dropouts so successful entrepreneurs like Mark Zuckerberg?
What's the best way for a new social media agency to get clients?
What business generalists do you know?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Is creating a hardware startup worth it in today’s app-centric world?
Could you give some practical advices to help founders getting into Y Combinator?
Why aren't more women founders getting funded?
What is the story of Elon Musk?
Is it necessary to settle in Silicon Valley to establish a successful startups?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
What are important tech and entrepreneurial conventions in San Francisco?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
How do I overcome entrepreneurial fear?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
What phone and notebook does Elon Musk use?
Why should you start your own company?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
How does it feel to be fired from a startup?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
Are there any medical entrepreneurs on here (who have M.D. title)? What are your experiences so far?
I want to become an online entrepreneur, but I don't have a back account. How can I make money?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
What title is suitable for a young founder on name card?
What is Jimmy Wales favourite book?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
How do I find startups, non-profits, or mid-sized companies interested in working with students on collaborative coding projects?
What are some differentiating characteristics between Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Where can I find the best entrepreneurs to help me start a company, or to be guided and learn from them?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Who becomes CEO among co founders?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
Which incident motivated you to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What is more beneficial for founding a startup: working as a programmer or as a manager in an established company?
Can you become an entrepreneur or a startup founder without studying computer science?
What is the life-cycle of startup in general? Who should pursue the idea of being an entrepreneur and how?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
How do startups start?
Does Elon Musk have similar political views than Peter Thiel's?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
Would you mentor an entrepreneur who resides in India?
How easy is it to become a startup founder?
How can I build a startup without cofounder?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
Is there startup inflation?
I have a startup idea. What is the best way to find a co-founder developer for my startup?
I am founding a biomedical device startup. What good advice would experts in the field give me in order to succeed?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
How an early stage Indian tech startup can relocate in Silicon Valley?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
How do I become a "right founder"?
What happens to authorized and unissued common shares remaining after founders and pool have been issued common, and investors received preferred?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
Where can I find some examples of interview experiences that people had before becoming entrepreneurs?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
Would Tesla, Solar City and SpaceX all collapse if Elon Musk died?
Should a (main) startup founder be a generalist?
I have a great idea for a bar/club. What is the process to get financing for the project?
Adam D'Angelo, how should I prepare myself so that I can join your company?
How does an inventor get into start-ups without an entrepreneurial nature?
Does Mark Zuckerberg really intend to make a more civically engaged and wiser community?
Why do most start up end up before financing?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite and most treasured philanthropic moment or act?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Is it worth it to be an entrepreneur in Latin America (Mexico especially)?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
If I work like Elon Musk can I build something great in Malaysia?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What are some examples of women entrepreneurs who have built Unicorn companies?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
I am a non-technical founder starting an ecommerce site with minimal experience in this field. What position should I fill first to help me start?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
What could former startups do to build more than one breakout product? Are there any recommended strategies?
Is it possible to found and sell a tech startup entirely on one's own (without cofounders and outsourcing)?
What stops an online startup from being replicated by a bigger competitor?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
As an entrepreneur, how do you stay emotionally stable?
What do virtual assistants do?
What would Steve Jobs be doing right now if he was seventeen today?
If cofounder is not sure of working full time with his startup after some time how can he get his invested money back if he is quitting from startup?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
When you create a new project or idea for a startup, how exactly do you get your initial demo out there?
Do most startups distribute shares to all of the employees when they are going to the next round?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is structure of CO?
For the years that I worked for someone, I was putting on an act, and it was only when I started my own startup that I enjoyed myself. What is wrong with me?
What did Elon musk do about procrastination?
Being a tech-founder, I have zero technical friends to have as a co-founder, How can I find one?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
Can I get Adam D'Angelo to review my start-up and offer suggestions?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
What is the scope of the entrepreneurship-based training of NIESBUD? Do they help Indian women in establishing themselves as entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Does studying for the ACCA help in starting your own business, such as being an entrepreneur?
What are the most important books for startup founders to read?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
What are the most common mistakes that first-time entrepreneurs make, and how can they be avoided?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
How can I become a lifestyle entrepreneur or a travelpreneur?
How did you hear about Y Combinator?
What is the optimal structure of a startup SaaS B2B sales team? 
Who is the founder/founders of KenFolios?
What were the symptoms of future entrepreneurs?
Who are some billionaire entrepreneurs that didn't introduce their company to the stock market?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What market is bigger: entrepreneurs or corporate world?
Why did Elon Musk endorse Rex Tillerson?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
What are the challenges facing an immigrant entrepreneur?
What are advantages and disadvantages for a startup founder to be a generalist?
Do founders and angel investors find it easier to invest in the alumni of Google, Microsoft, Apple, and Facebook?
How do I find a cofounder without losing the idea?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What business skills did you wish you had as a startup founder?
What is InMobi's stock distribution between founders and funders?
How privileged was Elon Musk in his upbringing relative to his fellow citizens?
What are some good majors to become a successful entrepreneur?
What are some tips that Jimmy Wales would give to any entrepreneur who is just starting?
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
What are the demographics/psychographics of entrepreneurs starting tech or other growth-oriented companies?
How do you start-up a company during recession?
What are some good behaviours to become a good entrepreneur?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
What's the best way for a biotechnology startup team to access scientific articles?
What are the difficulties as a graduate to start a startup?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
How do you define the startup stereotype?
What are 3 pieces of advice every entrepreneur should know?
When a startup is sold, where does the money go?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
Does Quora provide any special access to Jimmy Wales?
Will Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick be fired for his treatment of a driver?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
What should CEO/Founder need to do, to be approached by VCs?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
Can you really make a startup with $0?
How does Elon Musk deal with his libido?
I want to open a food truck business. Will this happen for me?
Should I get a full time job to fund the development of my startup?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Who is Elon Musk's new personal assistant? Is she the blond woman that escorted him at Trump's meeting on Dec 13?
Are there any groups in India for aspiring food entrepreneurs?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
How will the neural lace transform human intelligence?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
What are time-told strategies that entrepreneurs have employed to get people excited enough to donate work to their cause?
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
Can I outsource the marketing of an initial startup?
How would you use $60 as an entrepreneur?
What are some startups ideas through which one can earn a handsome amount?
What is the process to be followed after I found a startup incubator program that suits me if I have not developed the product yet?
How do I find a co-founder in Delhi?
I'm thinking about traveling for a little bit after finishing highschool to clear my mind and find more friends, where should I go?
Which field has the potential for launching startups in the near future?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are IPOs important for aspiring investor-entrepreneurs/intrapreneurs?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are some useful metrics for healthcare startups?
Why Elon Musk said flying car cannot be consider as an alternate of road traffic?
I am looking to invest some amount in a startup, how can I approach the founders?
Should I contact others CEOs of successful startups to look for advice or guidance to build my startup?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
What are some startups that work at the intersection of tech and government?
The most successful entrepreneur and investor in our industry contacted our startup, but he has already invested in a competitor so what does he want?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
How apps like Jodel, After School, Yik Yak and Unseen started?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
How do I divide equity in my startup? When I have potential co-founders are ready to invest the seed funding
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
What are the examples of most dumbest startups, that become successful later in its years?
As a startup, what would you like to get from a co-work space as a 'Startup Kit'?
Which economic class are most entrepreneurs?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Does Jimmy Wales know about Indian culture?
What is the best ways to find a Technology start-up partner? Looking for that über moment
What are the best ways to fund a hardware startup as an alternative to VC / angel funding?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Why does some states create some incentives to increase its own entrepreneurial culture while others do not?
Is there any other political positions Mark Zuckerberg is a likely candidate for, given he said he's not currently planning to run as President?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
How do I get noticed by someone like Elon Musk?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
Who is/was most badass CEO ever?
What are pros/cons of being a cofounder? What are the financial/legal liabilities especially if the startup fails?
How do I find a business partner or founding team members?
What is Elon musk creating?
What experiences should be made into a business?
Does Jimmy Wales come off as a pretentious Chardonnay socialist?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
Did you manage to find a job after your startup failed?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
Who are top founders and CEOs in the world who had not divorced their spouse?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Why was it a bigger deal that the CEO of Uber was working with Donald Trump, but not so much that Elon Musk is?
Has anyone set up a successful external mentoring programme for all employees at a startup?
What is your story as a teen entrepreneur, and which company did you found?
Can a startup be done without a team?
My wife doesn't support my entrepreneurial projects and thinks Im megalomaniac. What should I do?
What is the best way to connect with female entrepreneurs in Canada?
What are some websites/apps that let users post their startup ideas on, let people make recommendations and find cofounders to work with?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
Is there any CEO who doesn't use the products of his own company?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
How does one become a successful entrepreneur? What are some key qualities and important things to keep in mind when growing as an entrepreneur?
What is the future of Startup companies in US - 2017?
How do I know if my ideas are realistic?
Is Rahul Yadav a douchebag among startup founders?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
How can a startup grow its user base very fast?
What are the pitfalls of starting a tech start-up?
How can I meet fellow entrepreneurs online?
What would you do if you had to launch a new startup to profitability and growth as soon as possible?
Who are some famous examples of hustlers, hipsters and hackers?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
I am working as a freelancer for agencies and I want a successful colleague to teach me how to attract direct clients. What can I offer him in return?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
What should be kept in mind before starting an start-up?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
How big of a problem do you think startup burnout is for startup founders & entrepreneurs?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
What permissions do I need to start a canteen in corporate company?
Are there startup learning tools?
How do I know that I have what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
Why does everyone call themselves an entrepreneur?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
How do I apply for Canadian PR as a cofounder in a Canadian startup?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
How can I find a person again whom I found on Omegle?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Will Uber CEO Travis Kalanick be able to effectively lead the company to success after the multiple scandals that hit him and Uber in 2017?
What is musk?
Does a founder risk bankruptcy and losing his money in a private company? Doesn't he make a non fluctuating profit?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
Would US investors invest in a product, if the founder plans to run the company in Indonesia?
According to Jimmy Wales, how will sleep help me excel in life?
Is there a free blog or social media where entrepreneurs share ideas and conversations?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Why do so many startup founders come from Stanford?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
What does James Altucher think of Elon Musk?
Why can't anyone be as bright as Elon Musk?
How would I build accounts as a young entrepreneur in the security market?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
Does Jimmy Wales own a machete?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Can a foreigner be a co-founder of a company in the US?
What are the best examples of successful founders who built tech they needed themselves?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How can a BBA graduate become a successful and innovative entrepreneur in E-COMMERCE?
How come Elon Musk doesn't get emotional over divorce?
Which of these majors should an entrepreneur chose: Accounting, Marketing, Economics, Business Law, Management, or Finance?
What does Elon Musk think about ISRO? Does he feel threatened?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
Do venture capitalists have idle cash?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What percent of VC startups reach 10 million ARR?
How many people are on a start up team?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
How do I find co-founder/s who love reading a lot?
How do I get entrepreneurs to gather into a community that will offer them several services?
Why isn't the US government replaced by startups?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What language should I know before starting a startup company of my own?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
I have a potential online business idea but no money. If I try crowdsourcing or look for a Tech Co-Founder, can I still be the main owner?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
What are some cool and creative names for an Internet based startup?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What are the best business startups in villages?
What are some AI startups to follow in 2017?
Has Jimmy Wales been to Bangalore?
Does one need to go to a school as prestigious as Lehigh to be a successful entrepreneur like yourself?
What degree would help if I wanted to be a healthcare entrepreneur?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
How should I present my requests to my co-founder?
Why is it hard for an international student to create his own startup under an F1 visa, when this startup can create jobs for native and local Americans?
Do people like Elon Musk, the late Steve Jobs and Richard Branson know about and watch stuff like Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Friends, movies, and porn like normal people do?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
Who do you think is the coolest entrepreneur?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
What 1 book would you recommend to a person that immigrated to the USA so that they can understand what our founders wanted to create?
How do you execute well?
How much it would cost to make an app like Houseparty?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Can one join a company as an employee while he/she is the director of his/her own company?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
How can I start my own clothing label online?
What are the things that Jimmy Wales have done which contributed him to be in this position?
Did Steve jobs know he would become successful?
Where should most entrepreneurs work from?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
How do entrepreneurs raise money for their hedge funds?
How did Elon Musk start an internet company without any technical skills?
What should be considered in order to become a successful entrepreneur in West Africa.?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
What was special about working with Steve Jobs?
What apps will you find in the phones of Obama and Mark Zuckerberg?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
Do co-founders work for zero salary until they get seed fund?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
Is the ACCA worth it? Can it help you become an entrepreneur?
How do you get rid of that lonely feeling as a startup founder?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
How many cars does Jimmy Wales own and which one of them is his personal favourite?
When should a founder look for seed funding?
Why is healthcare and technology the most hot sectors pursued by entrepreneurs currently?
How much it cost me to register my startup in India? (Iam a single founder, no partner)
Can elaborate startups be successful?
How do I define founding stakes in a new company?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
How can I send Jimmy Wales an email?
Is it risky to get into industries that you aren't very experienced in as an entrepreneur?
What does Jimmy Wales think of Messi and Ronaldo? Whom does he prefer?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
How do you market an Internet startup with no marketing budget?
How can I market a startup on a very low budget?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
How can I email the Facebook founders?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
Are there any examples of con artists launching "startups" to swindle VC money?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What are your biggest time wasters in your startup or business?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Are there any startups in Nagpur?
Which startup founders have court cases against them for erotomania, such as paedophilia or are paedophiles ?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
As a customer success manager, what would most likely utilize your work?
What can a non tech person with an idea do to find great techies and build a tech company?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
I'm a sole founder. I want to bring on co-founders. What is a fair equity split?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
How many shares and/or salary can I give a Cofounder/CTO? The platform is 70% developed by my paid freelancer web developer.
How should/can I become entrepreneur?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
Which entrepreneurs truly derived most of their wealth from software engineering?
Did Steve Jobs actually put an iPod prototype in water?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
Which is the best countries to start a online travel agency?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Should aspiring entrepreneurs avoid having a girlfriend until after they become successful?
How can virtual address benefit your Startup?
What makes a great startup name?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
How can I learn CS at the level of (relatively speaking) Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Bill Gates, etc.?
What advice would you give to a new entrepreneur?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
How does one attract or find a part time senior developer as first employee in a bootstrapped startup with a well received MVP but no revenues?
How much do CEOs make?
Is it good to found a startup as a generalist who does technical and non-technical part as well?
Are there successful startups that recruited a team online to design/build physical products?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
As an Angel investor, what are the top three things you look for in a potential investment?
Starting up a company is a challenging task, and finding the best co-founder is too difficult. How do you find the correct partner?
How would YOU pitch your startup that hopes to actually 'change the world'?
What are some risk stories of successful entrepreneurs?
Why is Ronald Wayne not known to many, inspite he was also a founder of Apple?
Is the average successful blogger wealthier than the average successful startup founder?
Would you have wanted to be friends with Steve Jobs? Do you consider yourself a sycophant?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
How can I find a co-founder for an AI research startup?
Do startup founders continue to code with growth of their business?
How do I become an entrepreneur if I am 21 and introverted?
How do I answer "Tell us about yourself, your personal bio and why you became an entrepreneur”?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
Can Elon Musk take us to Mars? If so, would it be in a Tesla rocket spaceship?
Why was Steve Jobs scared of buttons?
What would be the billion dollar advice for a startup?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What makes a small food startup attractive to big distributors?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
I think my website design for my startup is amateurish. Will early users care about this?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
What are the best ways to lose my money?
Who will leave a greater legacy: Elon Musk or Barack Obama?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
If Elon Musk thought being President was the best route to accomplish his main goals, would he run (if he was legally allowed)?
What are some companies or investors, like Lok Capital, that are willing to invest in agriculture startup ideas?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Who is the founder of HP?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
Should I form a startup that break the norm?
Do you know you look like younger brother of Elon Musk?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
How can I start a small online delivery service?
What should I study at university to become a tech founder?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How do I quit a job I just started?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
How can I register my start up in the UK from my country, Egypt? And what are the benefits of being a UK company?
How do you startup a business with a low investment?
What is the founder principle?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
How do I bounce back after being fired from a start up?
What skills do small/medium sized startup founders and CEOs find lacking in new employees?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
Does Elon Musk have any apprentices or anyone he can pass the torch to when he can no longer run his projects?
Who are the most prominent non-technical startup founders?
I have a great idea in my head. How can I get it out and into the real world?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Any good names for technical startup?
Is there a habit of kidnapping or assassinating business competitors at the Fortune 500 level?
I have a startup idea for a laptop choosing service, how do I evaluate it's usefulness?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
I'm an entrepreneur, looking for a suitable mentor to help me build my startup. How do I find one?
Can a corporate lawyer explain some aspects of business to a new entrepreneur?
A startup's co-founder, also working as full time employee in another firm, wants to do his Masters as soon as he can. How can he achieve this?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
What are the three main things a CEO of a start-up should do?
What is Jimmy Wales' worst professional experience?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
Where would Elon Musk be if he hadn't created PayPal and didn't have money?
Which business would you start if you had only 1,00,000 rupees and how will you divide your expenses from scratch?
What are the pros and cons of single-founded and co-founded startups?
How can a startup grow so fast and is there any mature company able to grow that fast (about 3-7% per week)?
Who is the father/founder of Osteometry?
Would you advise going alone or looking for a co-founder when starting a business?
Who is Elon Musk's ex girl friend?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
What are some things the founders should consider when choosing a company's values?
I have a startup idea in an unregulated market, should I first register the company or find a co founder?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
Do 500 startups invest in single founder startup?
How should I distract myself from good paying job offers a founder of a bootstrapped startup?
Has networking really helped your startup?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
If I have good technical background as a developer and am starting my startup should I play the development team leader role or should I hire one?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Who are the founders of Erasmus program?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
What city on Silicon Valley is the best for an entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk take courses on leadership or does it come naturally to him?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
Is it possible to begin a startup with your co founder located at remote location?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
What things should first-time entrepreneurs look out for in their team?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
Is dual employment allowed in IT MNCs in India?
How do dev roles in startups change as the startup grows?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What financial planners are used and recommended by startup founders/CEOs in the Bay Area?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
Is there any website to find an internship for new startups?
Is Erdogan actually one of the FETO cofounders?
I was a startup CEO that was fired without cause. I'd like to tell my story publicly so others can learn from it. What is the downside of doing this?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What made Elon Musk an innovator?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
Who owns PGurus web portal? Who is the founder and chief editor?
Do I have to be a great programmer to found a startup?
What can I learn in 10sec about being an entrepreneur?
What can/should I do before starting a startup?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
What should be your daily routine, when you are planning to start a BPO?
I have an invention that can generate eco-friendly energy for free without the need of sun, wind or water power. How to get funded?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
Why doesn't Elon Musk read a book about public speaking to fix his speech impediment?
What would be your first thoughts about me if I told you I deleted Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat but kept my 8-10 daily newsletters and Quora?
What a non-tech person should learn to start a tech start-up?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
Which are the top most difficulties in starting a startup?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
What are my funding options for my mobile app MVP if I have no money?
Do company founders get a salary and equity?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
What is the most successful non-tech start up in the last 10 years?
As an investor, if you could ask founders only one question before making a funding decision, what would it be?
Why are there so many Elon Musk fanboys when all of his current businesses are unproven and may never succeed?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the best entrepreneur ecosystem available in the world?
How can we set up a strong base for a startup?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
I have a invention idea which increases electricity production of energy plant? How do I implement it?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Who are some inspirational entrepreneurs? What is their success story?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What are the most important lessons aspiring founders can learn from Kalanick and Chesky?
What does it takes to be a successfull entrepreneur and to build a great corporation?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
How can I find a millionaire founder who has experience, time, can invest and lead us to take our innovative unique web solution to global level?
I want to do startup and need more time for it so, I had decided to not to study class 12th. How can I make my parents agree for that?
What is it like as a CEO or founder to have to massively downsize your company?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
When did Adam D'Angelo start using Linux?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
What is the best way aspiring entrepreneurs can utilize college in the US?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
What are the best books on mobile application startups?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
Is creating a lemonade stand considered entrepreneurial?
How does Jimmy Wales answer all questions related to him?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
Can I form a company but keep my name secret as a founder?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How can I contact Shraddha Sharma, the founder of Your Story?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
In which sector should you not start a startup today?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
How do I write a mail to the founder of any startup to describe him the idea you have for the implementation in their business?
What should I do to make great products?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
Why is startup cost important?
How do entrepreneurs get on TV?
How did Elon Musk manage to make friends in a new city while working al the time?
United Kingdom: What low risk business can I start with £1000?
Can you help me to make my very first article better?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
What are the essential qualification to be a entrepreneur?
As an entrepreneur who started out with little money, how did you fund your company?
What are influential factors on individuals to become entrepreneurs?
How do people still afford to live?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
What were the first words Steve Jobs spoke to you?
What is the startup scene like in Oxford and England in general?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do I get a co-founders in Dubai?
Is it possible for the CEO of a startup to kick the silent investor out of the company?
What are 3 things you must know as a new full-time online entrepreneur?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
Who became rich based on stock options they received as employees in corporations of which they were neither the founders nor relatives of the founders?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Who do you see as up and coming innovative leaders similar to Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Who are some famous entrepreneurs from engineering background (and only a few people know about it)?
Can an Indian open company in the UK avail EIS by raising GBP 200,000 from UK investors? Can the founders migrate to the UK under a Tier 1 visa if the focus is UK markets?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
Who are some loner/reserved/no-friends tech founders?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
How do entrepreneurs work for equity?
Who are the young entrepreneurs in Chennai?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
How do I find a technical person in Pune for my start up?
Can you suggest me some idea for a startup related to construction industry?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are the important things for entrepreneurs to do when starting a company?
Was BlackRock a startup in its beginning?
If a co-founders leaves the company during the 1 year cliff period, how does the the equity get reallocated post the exist?
Who is/was more imaginative - Elon Musk or Steve Jobs?
What problems do you face while running your Startup?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
Is Smartron startup a success?
When do I need to register LLC or C-Corp in every one state, where I sell ?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
How do you know when your startup is viable?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What is another card like founders card?
What are some of the challenges entrepreneurial parents face?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
Is Elon Musk boring?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
My life is crumbling need help a full time student aspiring to be an entrepreneur while being in debit theirs more to my story for anyone withadvice?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
What are best ideas startup to export in other countries?
Does Jimmy Wales believe in aliens?
How important is mental stability for an entrepreneur to succeed?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
What should your initial startup team look like?
Where can I find some professional advice for my Startup?
What is the vertical management that Elon musk does?
How would you compare start-ups started by IITians vs those started by IIM graduates? What are those start-ups? How do they differ?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
Do I have to learn engineering to be an entrepreneur?
What happens if a co-founder quits during an acceleration/incubation program?
How can Indian entrepreneurs nurture and exploit entrepreneurship and a startup ecosystem?
How can I explain to a newly grad with no startup experience that a 15% equity position for doing nothing other than ideating is very reasonable?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
What are some big startup events organized in India?
What do you think are the pros and cons of taking investments early (before you have paying customers)?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Do startup founders get salaries for survival in the early stages of the company’s growth?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
What are some famous technical entrepreneurs in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
What do start-up entrepreneurs value with their mentor/advisor?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
What startups are well known for starting without customers?
What are some stories that showcase the cleverness of entrepreneurs in personal interactions that helped them in business?
If Elon Musk is successful in sending expeditions to Mars, what type of economic and social structure will Martians have?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
Who is the founder of Shell Oil Company?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
How do I change my title as Founder & CEO after selling a company?
As Dropbox Co-Founder, what is your advice for a student who have just an idea for a startup company and want to implement it in the right way?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How did Steve Jobs get his ideas?
What is Flipkart's stock distribution between various funders and founders?
What are examples of famous startups that went very lean (i.e. followed closely the key idea of the Lean Startup Methodology)?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
I started working for a startup where my CTO is 1 year younger than me, what can I learn from such condition ?
Are there any teen entrepreneurs out there in India?
What are the important things you need to be an entrepreneur?
What people would you talk to if you have a startup that you need to get off the ground?
What is a good way to find team members for a start-up company at a university?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
What happens if an entrepreneur and farmers work together for change Indian agriculture?
What is the most important advice would Guy Kawasaki give a hardware startup founder that is less meaningful for software startups?
Why do I work so hard to become a successful entrepreneur but never make it?
What is better: setting up your own startup and being your own boss or working with a company and gradually rising up to become its CEO?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Who was the real founder of Azad Hind Sena?
Is entrepreneurship trendy?
How are thousands of so called "Founders of startups" surviving in Bangalore? What do they do for a living as most startups are not even funded?
Do I need to prepare for JEE if I aspire to become an entrepreneur?
Did Elon Musk really pour 100% of his money into Tesla and SpaceX or he put 1-2 million dollars aside?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
At what age did Elon Musk lose his virginity?
What might the idea have been in the mind of Steve Jobs before launching the iPhone?
I live near Silicon Valley and have heard of something called "startup weekend". Is this real/viable and how does one get involved?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Who was the founfer of the Asia's 2nd largest fruit Mandi?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
How long did you work on your first startup for?
Everyone claims to be an entrepreneur. Many are proud to hustle. What is the best way to cash in that trend?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
Is there any Institution which evaluates startup which is Internationally widely accepted and how much it will cost for the evaluation approximately?
Who are the well known serial entrepreneurs in the US?
What are the steps to make a start up successful?
What is the possibility that Elon Musk will be one of the crew for the new SpaceX moon swing-by mission?
What is the best storyline to provide a technical status update to a CEO without the technical terms?
How can I gain traction like Quora?
For first time entrepreneurs, emerging startups, & startups that are gaining traction what do you think are 4 main areas they should focus on/learn?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
Which banks allow one to open a US bank account for a Delaware corporation as a non-resident?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
What is the main reason of failure of a startup? Why does most startups have hard time scalling-up
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Where should an entrepreneur go to learn how to launch a startup or small business and/or for help and resources along the way?
For an enterprise B2B company, is underpricing to gain traction a good strategy?
How often do MVP stage startups get funded with only solo founders?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Is entrepreneurship only meant for techies?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
Can I become a technical co-founder of a startup who only manages engineers but not actually write code?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
What are the highest growing startups?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What are the few amazing stories of Indian entrepreneurs who were college dropouts?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Is going to business school worth it to become an entrepreneur?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
When startup owners sell stake in their company and get funding for that, where does the funding money go? Into the company or owners’ pocket?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
Is there a course of everything about business/organization development?
What are some questions first-time startup founders should be asking?
How can I create own brand of mobile accessories by importing quality products and selling under my brand name?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
How do I choose the right people for board of directors in growing startup?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
What are the best startup plans for small cities?
What do entrepreneurs do to get their mind off business?
How did Peter Thiel go from law school to PayPal?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
Who are some great under-20 entrepreneurs in India?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Should Lonely Planet reply to me after they asked me for information on my travel tech startup?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
Are healthcare costs a big deterrent for Silicon Valley entrepreneurs?
If you could ask Elon Musk one question, what would it be?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
If I went back in time and created Facebook before Zuckerberg does, would it be the same success?
Why do so many people fail to understand the concept of productivity?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Is Elon Musk right to be worried about the possibility of another global war and/or anti-technology movements?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
How do I compete with a company that has unlimited capital and I don't?
What is a social startup?
What is a good business idea to help you get your feet wet in the business world when you have a lot of time rather than money to start off?
Did the founders of Atlassian know how to code?
Who is the founder of Quora and when did it start?
Who is the founder of Paswan Samaj?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
Who are some founders or CEOs who have a long time horizon and are not worried about short term results?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
I want an ex IIT student to be a co-founder in our startup. What are the groups/blogs/message boards where I can post this requirement?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
Would startups give up equity for office space? Looking for Founders perspectives
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
How do entrepreneurs meet girls in India?
If I am an entrepreneur, is it worth it to continue college?
Who are the founders of BIGO live apps?
Is Elon Musk planning to go to TRAPPIST-1?
Can I make a partnership in a startup with someone abroad?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
Shark Tank (TV series): Why is Kevin O'Leary so nasty?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Why there aren't top writers in the Elon Musk topic?
How many entrepreneurs have more than one life-changing success?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How did Google start up?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
How do Bill Gates and many other founders maintain control of their companies, even after their shares got diluted to being a minority shareholder?
Is it feasible and worthwhile for a non-technical startup founder to learn to code, enough to build the software's architecture?
What are the basic thing we shouldn't know before starting a startup?
Has Elon Musk read Firestarter by Michael Flynn?
If an immigrant startup founder exits by making 150 million USD, can he take that money back to his country?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
Will Elon Musk save human species from extinction?
Is Elon Musk a narcissist?
How does one begin becoming an entrepreneur and make it so far like you?
Is there anyone who could guide in building a startup for free?
How do you handle world news as an entrepreneur?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
How do I get a date with Elon Musk? If he could only give me 10 hours of his time, that's ok. I'am extremely patient and down to Earth. Mars RULES;)
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
Is it possible to get funding for a non-local startup if you live outside of US and can't afford Silicon Valley trips? Are there such examples?
From where did Rakesh Gangwal founder of indigo airlines got money to start such a big airline?
What is the best strategy for a new internet startup with a live prototype, What do you first focus on? Do you start looking for customers or funding?
What is your biggest challenge or Frustration as an entrepreneur?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
What should I learn, as a teen, to become a successful entrepreneur?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What does Elon Musk plan to do about the fact that we have limited lithium?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What are ways to register as a Chinese domestic company, since the co-founder and legal representative can only register the company in Hong Kong?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
What would you advise a genius entrepreneur with no clue how to get his products live and run the ship himself, if he had to work alone?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
I have an option of developing both technical and non-technical background before I found a startup. Should I dive into both or I better choose one?
What are some creative alternatives to forming a C corp in order to get investments from angels or VCs?
How invest 5000 USD in my MVP?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Why did you decide to be an entrepreneur?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
Why do so many young entrepreneurs think their ideas are worth billions?
What does Jimmy Wales' typical daily routine look like, how does he keep himself motivated and what makes him tick?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How old were Mark Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates when they started their businesses?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
How much should we have for a startup company?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
What are the necessary details one should kept in his mind while starting his startup so that it will not get failed in future?
When did Elon musk become successful?
How could one start his own business if he is good at handicrafts?
One of my co-founders is incompetent, and sometimes throws around insults. Is it time to let him go?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
What is the best option for online identification verification for a startup?
How much time at the beginning of a startup must Founders spend together, without interruptions, to get off to a good start?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
How many holidays do people generally take in a year?
How does top entrepreneur passes time?
What innovation ideas were unsuccessfully pitched to employers and later went on to become successful independent businesses?
What is the difference between an entrepreneur in the 1% and an ordinary person in the 99%?
Would studying Entrepreneurship help me avoid making common mistakes opposed to a "Born" entrepreneur?
What does the startup Blueberry Home do?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
Can some friends start working from their homes and build their own startup ?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
I really want to start a startup like Aldebaran Robotics. I don't want to start any other kind of business. What should I do?
What programmers-entrepreneurs do you know?
Is becoming a Senator harder than super successful entrepreneur?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
Did you face any co founder conflicts. If yes how did you resolve them?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What is the biggest mistake aspiring entrepreneurs make?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any networking events for tech entrepreneurs at Silicon Valley that is held on weekends regularly?
Why are so many people on Quora entrepreneurs?
What are the most promising startups founded in 2016?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
How do I answer the question: "difference of my startup with another startup"?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Who is the most successful thief-cum-entrepreneur?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How do I find a technical cofounder as a teen startup?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
If you only had $10,000 credit line, what lucrative businesses would you get into?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
What are the three most important topics to include in a leadership course transforming startup founders into confident, competent CEOs?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
Do venture capitalists and the industry discriminate against older founders?
Would you start a start up idea/company which is already started by someone?
What are some things I need to know before starting a money transfer company for remittances?
What do general labor startups need for a minimum viable product, or to get early-stage leads?
What major skill should I develop as a teen to be a successful entrepreneur in future?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
Which nanodegree should I do if I want to be an entrepreneur?
What is the social life like of an entrepreneur/investor?
How many of you know about Bihar Entrepreneurs Association (BEA)?
What are some startup secrets that every entrepreneur should know?
What courses should I take to become an expert tech entrepreneur?
Money attracts everyone. How does Jimmy Wales manage to be an exception?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
Each time I have a revolutionary idea I would like to execute, I find out it's already taken - am I therefore unlikely to become a good entrepreneur?
Why do most startups fail before they even succeed?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
Who is the first successful woman in entrepreneurship?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
Are most entrepreneurs ever going to get it right, or are all of their ventures probably going to fail no matter how many times they try?
Can introverts become successful entrepreneurs?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Can Ahmedabad be a startup hub?
How can I contact Mr. Ankit Goyal (Kreatryx co-founder) through email regarding my queries about Klassroom program feb batch ?
What books would you recommend for a Tech Guy and Aspiring entrepreneur?
What are the best and coolest networking spaces and hubs for startups in your opinion?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
Do you need technical background to start a tech startup?
Is Mark Zuckerberg likely to go into politics?
How do colleges get founded?
Is a startup co-founder ever legally prohibited from resigning?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
Would you use your own money to start a startup?
How do technical founders deal with their non-tech founders within a tech company?
Why don't big companies make bold moves, like Elon Musk and Steve Jobs?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
How do I find a job in start-up companies?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
Should I get a degree if I want to found a startup, or is it a waste of time?
How do I find technical co-founders on IdeaGist?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
How does it feel the moment your startup is funded?
Should I first work at a startup before launching my software business?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Who is founder of camera?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
Why do a lot of people keep thinking Elon Musk is just a good marketer and businessman?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Would reading books on software architecture be the best topic for a non-tech founder to understand the plight of a tech team?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How did you signifantly grow your small digital marketing service?
Do investors in startups also want the founder to invest money?
Would you say that Mark Zuckerberg is a good guy or doing good things?
What makes an entrepreneur choose the area of her specialty?
Does Jimmy Wales pretty much always have a buyer waiting to acquire Wikipedia and if so, how much?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
What are the basics of a startup?
Did you dream to be a entrepreneur since childhood or when? Can anyone become entrepreneur by chance?
Can I monetise a concept that is not mine?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
What kind of companies are best to work at (as a designer or developer) to give you the skills to launch your own startup?
What is the goal of Promethea?
Would Tesla be better off if Elon Musk was managing only this company?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
What do you think the dead entrepreneurs or scientist be doing in heaven?
What compensation package should I get my startup co-founder?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the difference between startup company and entrepreneurs?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What are the (dis)advantages of having multiple companies doing one thing each (Elon Musk) vs. having one company doing a lot of things (Google)?
Is it a good idea to give my technical team weekly sessions about entrepreneurship?
At which age are entrepreneurs more likely to receive funding from investors?
Do start-up studios build prototypes, or do they just provide ideas and training to future founders?
How can I motivate other startup founders to work?
Will Amazon Alexa stay dominant or does a startup have a chance?
How do you become an entrepreneur after leaving high school with little money?
What are some dropshippers who work with Shopify that are good for startups or beginner entrepreneurs?
What happens if you hire a coder who is better than the CTO of the startup?
What are the most successful companies built around the Amazon ecosystem?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
How do I start work with already existing startups?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
Is it probable for someone to become a good programmer, entrepreneur, and scientist? He has BSc IT, some entrepreneurial but not scientific background
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
What are the most promising startups in your country to watch for in 2017?
Can I get an O-visa to immigrate to the USA as a startup founder?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
What does the schedule of an effective Founder, CEO of a Product Studio / Agency look like?
Has Jimmy Wales experience failure in his career at least once and if he did, how did he overcome it?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
Would Jimmy Wales meet with me in a New Jersey Starbucks to discuss a variety of topics?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
Are tech start up entrepreneurs mostly a bunch of Well meaning neoliberal libertarian anarchists who are only interested in making billions?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
Is it fine to give more then 50% of the shares to someone else who is willing to put money and resources into business and save it from failing?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
How often does an entrepreneur have sex?
What is the founding story behind Sirocco apparel?
What is your advice for young entrepreneurs?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
What carriers should entrepreneurs chose?
What are the odds that a religion is born from Elon Musk's views, accomplishments and values?
Are entrepreneurs more likely to cheat and gamble?
What is the new startup to watch?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
Where and how can I find like minded entrepreneurs to create a start up together?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
Are tenacity and strategic thinking the key traits of successful entrepreneurs?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
How should my team treat our startup's prototyping facility, when it belongs to one of the founders as his private property?
How can I run a company and be in the technical side?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
Where can I find local entrepreneurs that need investment?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
If Jimmy Wales was a normal person (not popular), what would he be doing in life?
What do Indians think about Elon Musk?
Are CEOs with a generalist background better off? Should a CEO be a generalist? I generally mean a startup CEOs.
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
Are there advantages to hiring a local software firm?
What would Jimmy Wales do if he had to start again?
What would you ask to your favorite entrepreneur (author/specialist/CEO/consultant) if you had the opportunity?
How much a start up CEO makes?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
Why do Snap's founders and investors have shorter lock-up periods than employees post-IPO?
Are you nurturing young entrepreneurs under your wings?
Which kind of startup is more likely to succeed in Ranchi?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
How can I meet Elon Musk for even 1 minute?
Do people believe that India has need of real entrepreneurs?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
Will the first hire of my startup be a co-founder?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
What is an inspirational story of an entrepreneur who navigated harrowing roadblocks to get a vision or dream started?
How did you find a co-founder/team for your startup?
How much money did the founder of bitcoin make?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about the starting and scaling of a non-profit organization?
How many from MICA have started their own start up after 2012 BATCH?
Should startups aim to become a painkiller or a vitamin?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
What is start-up management?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Is Elon Musk a modern day superhero?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
What are the most important skills of a TECH entrepreneur?
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Does Mark Zuckerberg have something personal against Spiegel?
How can I become influential?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
What are the most important skills an entrepreneur should work on himself?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
Would you give up your work-life balance to be the founder and CEO of an enormously successful startup?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Who is the founder of Amazon?
Can a founder of a startup studio be a social entrepreneur? If not, how can he change the business model to be so?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
How much does it cost to hire the CEO of your startup?
What are the pros and cons of becoming the co-founder in early stage of career?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
How can entrepreneurs aim/take advantage of in countries like Turkey?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
If I invest $500K into my startup, how should that divide into my ownership?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk still have a perfect eyesight without the need to wear spectacles?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
Who is founder of Quora and how much they earn from it?
Does Jimmy Wales get recognized in public?
Which are the startups founded in 2016 and running successfully in India?
How much spare time do Jimmy Wales get in a day?
What are the different trouble an individual face while starting his own startup what should be his approach to get funding?
Did Elon Musk patent his reusable takeoff and landing rockets?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Which represent you best - being a writer or being an entrepreneur?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Where do entrepreneurs get their ideas from?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
What things should one keep in mind while pitching a startup idea?
How is working for a startup?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
How risky is it to start your own company?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
What experiences in your young adult life led you to become an entrepreneur?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What is the founder of Total S.A?
As an investor what is your view, if a founder uses his first startup employee to build MVP for his second startup?
What are best and worst industries to start a business in? Is there any rating?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What are the most successful launch marketing plans for startups?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
How do I start a startup sideways while working in a another company?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
I would like to launch my startup but I do not know enough great people, what should I do?
As a VC or angel investor, how did you get convinced by a startup without a co-founder?
How can I find and recruit a technical cofounder as a non-technical cofounder?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
Which type of difficulties does a female entrepreneur face that are non existents for male entrepreneurs?
Is JP Maroney the founder of Harbor City Capital, Florida?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is the one piece of advice you would give young entrepreneurs with online businesses?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do you make the best use of your EMI options?
Why are large, successful companies in the U.S. almost always talked about synonymously with their CEOs?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
What is the problem with an idealist and an early stage entrepreneur trying to execute their idea? What if they can pitch directly to an industry expert, VCs, or an angel?
Our hurdle is currently distribution of our product. What channels am I missing or should be pursuing to grow our startup without a strategic partner?
What are the best startups you know about?
How did it feel to interview Elon Musk?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
Who is the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Who are the co-founders of very big companies but are very less popular?
What are examples of great early stage startup websites?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
Space X: Does any employees at Tesla and Space X ever see Elon Musk reading? If so how and what does he read?
Why is Ripple supported when the founders own half of the coins?
How smart is Mark Zuckerberg?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
Do you think it's viable to put 'premium' video content behind a paywall?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
What are Elon musk's best contributions to science?
Why didn't Elon Musk co-brand his companies SpaceX and Tesla?
Are videobooks going to be the next big thing?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
Why is your photo is identical with the founder of XeGains.com?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How does it feel to meet Amit Bhardwaj (Founder of GBMiners) in person?
Is there any data that shows how many startup founders worked at other startups before founding their own company?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
Can I include my 6 months startup founder experience in my resume?
If you were the founder of a startup about to be acquired, would you try to incentivize your talent to stay?
What is usually the maximum number of people involved in a startup?
How much does the founder of a CEO company make a year if it's very successful?
Is there a way to develop an entrepreneurs mindset?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What is the secret of people (likes of Swami Vivekananda, Elon Musk) with a photographic memory?
What does the market for Series A investment look like, heading into 2017?
Do you meet Elon Musk ofter as an OpenAI employee?
As a founder, should I also invest money elsewhere?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
Is it possible for an entrepreneur to get along with non entrepreneurs? (I talk about ideas, they talk about people & things)
What are the problems Elon musk is having getting a better range on his cars?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite movie and why?
Is this pretty common in other accelerator programs to be able to force founders to buy back accelerator's equity?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How can I get my pending salary from a startup?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
How much time does an entrepreneur spend a week watching television?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
How did startup founders execute their ideas?
Why am I so hurt in my life?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
Which is the best ever startup?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
Do entrepreneurs need to "know it all" in order for their business to survive?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
For a startup, what kind of information about users and market that I need to know?
If you believe that you have a very good idea but are unable to bring it to market, is there a way to profit by selling the idea to someone else?
Why don't India have awesome tech giants like the US & mind boggling startups like the Tesla, SpaceX etc?
What are the necessary accounting setups and documents a startup needs to make to get started?
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What was your most difficult experience as an entrepreneur and how did you handle it?
Steve Blank said, ‘all founders in a web or mobile startup need to learn how to code’. Do you agree?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
What Jimmy Wales do when he can't fall asleep?
What start-ups and companies have their offices at BHIVE Workspace?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
Who are the most trustworthy investors with a founders IP?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Is it necessary to have experience in a managerial role in order to be a successful entrepreneur? To what extent is it helpful for setting up a new startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
What are my chances of setting up a startup in the US?
What does Elon Musk look like?
Do you see any value in higher education for entrepreneurship?
Is being a programmer and an entrepreneur a good or even the best combination?
How should I distribute my startup's equity as we grow?
Do you know of any business ideas that were funded solely on the merit of the idea and without any prototype or whatever else?
How do I become a founder in a corporation in Minnesota under 18?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
I have a good idea for a startup. Is there any way I can work with a team of coworkers online?
Which field you think need startups?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
How should I continue with my Kickstarter funded business?
What I need to know if I want to be a tech entrepreneur from business background?
I am working on a business idea from last 1 year.Can someone (outside India) who has experience of leading a startup (CEO,CTO,VC..) review my website?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Who are some of the best known business professors?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
What are vital skills for entrepreneurs to learn?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
I have a startup idea and just recruited my final team member. What should I do to become a great CEO and have the right execution?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
How many startups have you worked for/on, so far?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
What made Elon Musk decide to get a degree in physics?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How can a start up Paleo business find wholesale ingredients?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
What the top 20 entrepreneurs in the world answered, when they were asked how they became successful?
Are you a start-up that wants to be reviewed?
What advice do you have for a budding Indian entrepreneur?
What makes a founder amazing and worth investing in?
What are the problems that I will face in starting a startup if I am not 18 years old?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Which 5 famous people from the 20th century history would you pick to play Monopoly, Charades and Ker-Plunk?
Do people like Elon musk & Bill Gates know a lot about business or do they take advise from people who know more?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
What is the entrepreneurial style of bringing ideas to life through tangible plans called?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
How can I (as a teen) develop the major skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
What do you know about startups?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
How does a startup founder avoid the trap of babysitting every detail of projects that people are working on?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
Should more young people become entrepreneurs in East Asia?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
Should I leave college to build my empire?
Which are some of the best talks on entrepreneurship you have seen?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
What is enterpreneur?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What are some of history's greatest stories of getting zuckerberged?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
Is it good to raise money from VCs/angel investors?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
Who is the best money maker of the world?
Which gets listed first, a CEO or a co-founder?
How do I become an entrepreneur if I don't have a business idea?
Who are Elon Musk’s top competitors?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
When did you realize entrepreneurship was for you?
How does Elon Musk feel about what just happened in Benghazi?
What is Palkesh Asawa's favorite startup and why?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
When should you realise a start up is not working?
How can I check with IOT (internet of things) if a car is parked on a parking spot?
What is the future of immigration for foreign entrepreneurs in the US?
Will Elon musk say "I should have traveled more" or "I should have spent more hours in office" in his death bed?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Are there any games or websites for a future entrepreneur?
How good is the network at Elon?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
Can I become advocate and entrepreneur at the same time?
How can you know if any US-based tech startups/early stage companies are interested to set up in India?
What is your best marketing advice for an entrepreneur who is from technology background?
What are your banking experiences as an entrepreneur in India?
Why can’t we nuke Mars, in order to create a new atmosphere, as per Elon Musk's ideas?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
What should I do to be like Elon Musk or Larry Page apart from the technical side?
What successful startups had layoffs in their early days?
As an executive, business owner or a serial entrepreneur, what are your top 3 challenges?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
How can I get involved in startups as a founder in SF?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
What is a simple list of categories of product/services entrepreneurs create once and sell many times?
If we can build tunnels under cities like Elon Musk said why can't we build homes?
Should you charge users in an enterprise SaaS?
Why is Elon Musk preventing Tesla plant workers from organizing and asserting their rights?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
How can I create an app for a startup?
How do I start a company in the United states with a co-founder in India?
What is the best method to learn to program like a good programmer?
What online tools one should adopt to create awareness for a start up firm?
What is the difference between a mobile app release and a startup?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
In which area of agriculture can I become an entrepreneur in North India?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
How do startup founders survive amidst bills, food, rent, etc., and earning nothing in the first 1–2 years of their business life?
Do startups need generalists? Why?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What are some great ways to get the media to write/report on your apps kickstarter campaign?
What does a graduate student bring to the table as a founder/director in an online start up? What kind of PE is interested in PhDs?
Should Elon Musk invest in Brazil with SolarCity?
How to find more teenage entrepreneurs like yourself worldwide?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
What are some successful tech companies across the globe which has solo Founders ?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
How is your startup going?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What financial concerns do small business owners have?
What is the most inspiring and motivating movie for future startup founders?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
If you funded a startup for $22 million and it got sold for $375 million, did the investors make a profit of $353 million?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
Are enterprising entrepreneurs in the manufacturing industry of the U.S. largely successful? How do you find a market entry strategy?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about being on the list of the top 100 most influential people in the world? How does he use this influence?
How much should a co-founder get, if he will not continue working in the company?
What are challenges faced by entrepreneurs in using data for building and growing a successful company?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Who is the founder of Adamjee Group?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
Is it a coincidence that some of the most successful tech entrepreneurs attended ivy leagues / great universities?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
How much should startup founders get paid?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
How much is a start up worth?
For how long would recognition as a “Startup” be valid?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Entrepreneurs, what does your spouse do to support you that helps you achieve more success? Do you ask for help, or does he/she just do it?
In the timeline of a technology startup, when is it most likely that professional graphic design services are needed?
If you are an entrepreneur, would you mind helping me by answering a couple of questions?
Should the founder demand their salary as part of business plan while trying to get funding?
What was it like to grow up with two successful entrepreneurs as parents?
Do you know how to get a startup bridge loan, based on a grant that has been awarded but not yet paid to the startup?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Are successful people both smart and hard working ? Or is one of them is enough to be successful ?
What are the most promising startups related to biotechnology or similar biological sciences for 2017?
Can I've some entrepreneurs who have bounced back off severe bankruptcy? (In India, the commoner, the poorer the better!)
How can I be taken seriously as a teenage entrepreneur who has already had success?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
Did Steve Jobs make fortune on the backs of children?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Does Jimmy Wales believe in God? Why?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Would these startup founders get an equivalent pay package if they applied for a job in a Fortune 100 company?
How do I ask an entrepreneur to be my mentor?
Who is an entrepreneur and what kind of job does one do? If someone tells me that he is an entrepreneur, what should I understand from that?
I want to start an online business which I don't have to deal with customers directly. Which opportunities are there?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
What is a startup prospect?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
What are the successful startups Who made significant contribution to society?
Are those realistic costs for a startup for the first year?
What problems do first time entrepreneurs in Singapore face?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
What are ways of creating MVP (website, mobile app) without technical background?
How does Elon Musk respond to criticisms of electric cars?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
How old can you be to start a start-up?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
Should I learn programming as a non-technical co-founder?
How do I achieve CEO post?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
Can a person from very ordinary educational background be an entrepreneur?
How can I become a combination of Bruce Wayne and Elon Musk?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
How do I contact startup founders to write content for our blog?
What will happen if every YouTube user subscribed to Red?
What is the first step to create a startup?
What have startup founders done as their main job before they left to work on their startup?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
Who are some well-known serial entrepreneurs in Andhra?
What is the best HR software for growing start up (more than 600 employees)?
I need a passionate and technical co-founder for my startup in healthcare. From where can I get him?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Can a teenager start a biotechnology company?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build a MVP on their own?
What is the hardest thing about being a entrepreneur?
How can I became an entrepreneur? I am studying in class 12 right now
Does Elon Musk believe in the ice age theory?
How do I start an online business with no experience with computers and litttle to no start up?
What is an IoT startup?
Will Mark Zuckerberg's renouncement of Atheism impact technology?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
What nature of work did Jimmy Wales do when he was initially working on Wikipidea?
Did you "Mark Zuckerberg" anyone like you stole credit?
At what age did Elon Musk find his first girlfriend?
What is the best way to promote/advertise your mobile app before launching or opening?
Hw can I start a new startup?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
What are the biggest HR challenges the tech startups are facing with? How do you overcome them?
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What if I say I'm happier than Jimmy Wales?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
What does it take to be a founder of a IT company?
How do founders get paid?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What can male founders do to help break the boys' club culture of the startup world?
Why doesn't Elon musk take donations to help fund SpaceX ?
How can I become a stupid person?
How do entrepreneurs motivate their employees?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
How would Jimmy Wales improve the public school system?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do I find an awesome technical co-founder for a bootstrapped startup?
Who is the founder of Hitachi?
How can a marketing co-founder show their work before launching a website?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
What is the best advice for a first time start up CEO?
As an entrepreneur, what would you advise me?
What email address should I put on my business card if I am a serial entrepreneur?
Should a founder withdraw small amount as a salary if the startup has initial seed investment of 1M?
I would like to open a small clothing store in the mall. What brands should I start with?
Has anyone asked to work for Jimmy Wales?
If a startup decides to pivot, in what cases the ongoing vesting contracts should NOT be maintained?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
What is preventing you from becoming an entrepreneur?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
When will Jimmy Wales meet Narendra Modi?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
How can I start up with 10$?
What kind of people should I have in a startup?
What does it mean when a start-up 'exits?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
Which is easiest - getting a job in a hedge fund, or raising seed capital for a startup?
As an entrepreneur, can I become a billionaire if I don't go public?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
Are you a better salesman, being a founder of your startup? If so, what are your techniques?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
Does Jimmy Wales believe that the internet can be provided free of cost, worldwide, in the near future?
How much voting power do founders have in billion dollar startups?
Are you looking to build a startup in 2017?
If I contact the startup founders through email or through LinkedIn to write content for my startup blog will they provide the content?
How much seed capital did Mark Zuckerberg use to launch Facebook before getting with the big shot investors? How much did he bootstrap with early on?
Can a VC ask for copies of filed patents as part of due diligence?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
What things should would-be entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
What are the best resources for a non-tech entrepreneur to learn coding while building his startup?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
How do travel start ups like Thrillophilia get suppliers on-board?
Should I do CA to become an entrepreneur?
What are some movies most liked by Jimmy Wales?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Would you invest in a driven charismatic young entrepreneur?
What is it like to be a young entrepreneur?
What have been your most inspirational experiences as an entrepreneur and investor?
Can you be an entrepreneur without being an extrovert?
How can one empower the startup?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
How do I stop comparing myself to other successful young entrepreneurs?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
How mature is the startup ecosystem in Barcelona (exits, investment, events, etc.)?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
What is it like to work with a Mediocre slogging technical co-founder?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
What are some good summer entrepreneur ideas?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
What would be your best quote that resonates within you that has helped you achieve what you have today? Why?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
Should I stay in college until I found a startup?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
How do I help to market a business through the development of an Android application?
What skills can I learn to be a better entrepreneur?
What do startup accelerators look for in technical co-founders?
How will a start-up visa work if there are two or more cofounders outside the country?
I've always wanted to be a doctor and always an entrepreneur, can someone critique my idea?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
What are the best examples of successful low tech startups?
What are the successful startups from T-hub?
Have startup founders or CEOs faced difficulty in hiring non-immigrants, because of the H1B and other visas?
Where can I get a technical cofounder for my startup from Ranchi?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How does Elon Musk deal with burnout? Does he even experience it?
Is It necessary for a startup or a company that's private to write a letter and indicate the reasons why they close to the public?
What adds real value to your startup?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What are the habits we should get rid of to be successful and productive as Elon Musk and Steve Jobs?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
What would be the best way to get advice from experienced entrepeneurs regarding your startup?
What do all successful entrepreneurs have in common?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
Should a new grad attorney, with poor jobs prospects, become an entrepreneur?
What percentage of Series A deals in the United States are from Y Combinator, Techstars, and 500 startups?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
What are the best budget friendly methods of getting new clients in a B2B business?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What does working for Steve jobs is?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
What documentation should you provide to a new employee to begin business development for your startup?
What are some of the conferences or public meetings on entrepreneurs in India?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
What do the best entrepreneurs think about getting a degree?
Do Jimmy Wales appreciate Jim Carrey?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
Which Indian startups have succeeded in Africa?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
What is the way to be a successful CEO of a successful and well known company?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
Should a generic pharma company be built next to a bulk drug-API mfg. company, and will there be any tech. & environmental issues if they are built next to each other?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
How do I sell my idea to existing, or new, startups?
How many startups have you launched, and how did you recognize the market’s need for your business?
What is an entrepreneur visa?
What are the key differences with famous and not so famous entrepreneurs?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
Is naming a startup after its founders a good idea?
How knowledgable about how to build a business are the richest Founder/CEOs, compared to average entrepreneurs or people in business academia?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
How much do you make as an young entrepreneur?
Do all co-founders need be present when raising a seed round?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
What is the best way to approach CTOs for building a tech based business?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
I'm 18 and I want to build a big agency, what books or learning material would you recommend?
What are some things I should know as an aspiring entrepreneur?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
Shall I leave this startup to join Aditya Birla?
As a technical person, is it a good idea to start SaaS business without non-technical co-founder?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg crush competitors?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
Which programming competition start-up websites like (Codechef or Hackerrank) had to be turned down or closed because they weren’t successful?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
How would Mark Zuckerberg go about becoming President?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What should I do to become a lawyer and an entrepreneur?
What role did hair transplant play in Elon Musk's success?
How you think this startup should be implemented?
What are some on the startups you think have a great potential in the coming years?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Which is the youngest company founded in the world?
Is Elon Musk turning into a Trump supporter?
How can I start a business in Italy?
What are the startups in India which are fighting global warming/climate change?
Would you rely on Gumroad in 2017?
Why does Elon Musk rent a house?
Who are some entrepreneurs who single handedly saturated a market through their company?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
What are some good ideas for a new start-up?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What potential (business development strategy) do you see in a virtual tour platform with 15K tours of private businesses?
How can I be Jimmy Wales?
Is it necessary to display a company board outside the registered address (rented property) for a Software Startup in India?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
I co-founded a tech startup and we are building an app. An angel has recently invested £50,000, what is the value of my 40% equity?
If you could meet any religious founder today who will you meet?
How can we bring an end to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What is present start up in our country?
How can organizational culture reinvent a company?
Why do some startups win?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
How do I find co-founders (and do I need them)?
How will moving to Silicon Valley increase the probability of my startup succeeding?
Is assigning 20% shareholding to a founder-CEO fair?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
Is there a way to practice sales phone calls (even for free) without getting employed?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
Is the phrase "I own my own business" the new "I'm a vegan"?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
How was your experience with the Hatchery Summer Cohort at the University of Toronto?
What does a company founder’s salary slip contain?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
How can I get past the problem of finance for all my startup ideas?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
Where can one find a Good Co-founder for a startup?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
Can you tell me why in the past you decided to be either entrepreneur or investor?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
As a startup founder and CTO sometimes I feel like employee number zero with founder shares, is there something wrong?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the startup code?
What is the easiest way to get a lot of equity in an early stage tech startup when you are not the original founder?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
Who was the founder of Uber?
What are the 10 qualities an entrepreneur should not have, and name any entrepreneur who has these qualities and yet is still successful?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
What's the best way to source a business to business list for Malaysia and/or Singapore?
Why was Steve Jobs so amazing at marketing?
What are the things to be considered for a Startup firm?
Why is Elon Musk one of the great entrepreneur?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Can Elon Musk be Elon Musk without hardworking, laser focus, never give up attitude?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the average compensation for a VP of business development at a healthcare start-up technology firm?
What is a good non-founder CFO deal to put together for new start-up but with traction & market interest?
Who is the founder of Quora and what was his/her purpose of the service?
Why won’t the founder(s) of Samsung be remembered quite like Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniack?
What was the transition from employee to entrepreneur like for you?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
Did Evan Spiegel's age (and accompanying perspective) give him any advantages as a start-up founder?
How much did Steve Jobs contribute to the iPhone?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
What were the ups and downs of Mark Zuckerberg's life, and how did he overcome them?
I have a large, loosely defined piece of a startup that I left, and the founder has become non-communicative. What are my options?
What are your experiences in working with startups other than eCommerce or App based startups?
Who do most nonprofit entrepreneurs hire for their finance & accounting needs?
Is there any chemical engineer entrepreneurs?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
How should entrepreneurs approach the valuation question?
How will Amazon monetize Alexa?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
What are the most important qualities a startup founder needs to be successful?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
What are some things to keep in mind for a successful startup?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
What are the biggest mistakes first time SaaS entrepreneur make?
How do we respond when sued by ex-founder for unpaid wages in California?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
How do entrepreneurs find motivation?
What is the next step for my test prep startup which I built alone with $6000 in revenue, knowing that I spend $560 to build it?
What are the best startups of 2016 around the globe?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
Who is the founder of TripGully.com?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why did MixBIt by YouTube founders fail?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
What where the reasons that got Spotify to buy preact? Did preact failed as a business?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
Is it mandatory for an early stage start-up founder (CEO) to like the industry of his start-up in order to thrive and succeed?
How would Jimmy Wales react if there was an entire wikia dedicated to him, and only him?
What can earn you more respect in India - being an IAS officer or an entrepreneur?
How can I write a one-page Internet startup business plan?
What is the best bachelors and masters for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
What are the challenges that an entrepreneur faces in the healthcare sector?
Why do many entrepreneurs don't succeed?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
What are the perks of launching a startup?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
I'm co-founder and have no real investment money but Is there any way to buy out current CEO of my startup?
Why does Elon Musk say ''Our main competitors are national governments and hence the enforceability of patents is questionable", in his 2013 TED talk?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
I have to fire someone in my startup. What is your advice?
What should I do if I am running out of money in my bootstrapped startup?
Who is the founder of Accor?
How much would the two CEO founders of a company in Manhattan make if their company made $10 million in the 1st year?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Do startup founders typically receive additional stock grants after their initial 4 year vesting period?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so socially awkward?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
Do you think Steve Jobs would be disgusted in what Apple was doing now?
What are major differences between an employee and entrepreneur?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
Would Elon Musk be such a huge success had he gone to some public university in the USA instead of Wharton (University of Pennsylvania)?
Founders: Did you utilize a brand strategist when you initially started your company?
Is anyone, knowledgeable about Elon Musk and what he does, interested in participating in an interview about him?
Who is the founder of JJList?
Is age 29 too late to become an entrepreneur?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
Do you reach out to celebrities or famous people to see if they are interested in joining Quora (Elon Musk, Katy Perry, Tim Cook)?
I have validated ideas with a patent attorney for a startup. Do I learn coding or source a great technical co-founder, and if so, how?
How can founder make money for himself from a funded startup illegaly?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
When does the feeling of being trapped inside your business (startup/scalable non-tech company) wear off?
If a prospective buyer wants to do a code and database review, how do I prepare for this part of my startup exit?
Can you explain how entrepreneurs 'make meaning'?
What happens if an entrepreneurs risk fails?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
What do you think of Elon Musk's involvement in politics and the Trump administration?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How and when did Elon Musk build a body as perfect as a model?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
What can startups learn from Buzzfeed's impending failure?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
What significant changes would we see if Elon Musk did not exist?
Is it a good thing to never take any life advice from people you don't want to be like and take only from those who you would want to be like?
Who is the founder of edutap?
What advice do you have for first-time entrepreneurs selling a product?
Which are the activities and books that can help me to be a successful entrepreneur?
I want to be a doctor but also an entrepreneur, what do I do?
Who are top tech CEOs and founders that are immigrant turned American citizens (like Elon Musk)?
Should I put my own money for startup?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How can you describe the functions of an entrepreneur?
As the founder of a beautiful startup, how do you normally expand your team? How do you choose which scope of the startup to strengthen?
How do you motivate yourself as an entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Does Elon Musk have any interest in visiting the moon or establishing a base there?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Should I continue my project, even if I find out that it was completed abroad? See details.
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
I want to start a startup. I am familiar with iOS but not web development. Should I start the the startup as an iPhone app and then later expand?
I'm a smart college student. What do I need to become a smart entrepreneur?
What are the biggest mistakes made by new entrepreneurs?
Bootstrapped Startup running out of money, what shall I do?
What is the difference between the paradigms of development of a startup company and a game company?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
What advice you can give to a teenager who dreams to found a startup in future?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
Who are some of the good entrepreneurs in Noida?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
I would like to meet Jimmy Wales in person, what can I do?
According to Mark Zuckerberg, who are his competitors?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
What do you mean by successful entrepreneur?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What steps does a food entrepreneur take to get their product on the market?
How do I define the success of a startup?
What are the biggest challenges when you build a startup?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
What are possible (realistic) responses to asking for charity or guidance from a CEO in the limelight whom you have never met but deeply respect?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
What are the most promising Silicon Valley startups to watch for in 2017?
How important is the quality of our platform in a marketplace startup?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How can I start a sustainable web development firm in a small town in India?
How did Elon musk finish high school and five months of University of Pretoria by 17?
What are some useful tips for opening and operating a successful home-based sandwich business?
What can we do to be Elon Musk?
What country is Joe Armstrong (co-founder of Erlang) from?
What steps can I take to become a nutritionist?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
How do I create the right culture at a startup or small business?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
How can you radically transform an Internet startup business?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
Can I join army and still become an entrepreneur while being an CS engineer from IIT?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
What if Elon Musk was born in India, what problems he might have faced do you think he could have achieved same feat as he did being an American?
What is a good job or career for me?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What is the process for an entrepreneur to become a CEO?
What do startup CEOs use for tracking relationships and communication with investors and potential partners?
Currently, what is the most efficient way for like-minded investors and entrepreneurs to connect?
What are the most successful platform startup that Sangeet Paul Choudary advise?
Are there any high-quality public WhatsApp and Slack channels for startup founders?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Why companies run down, or close down against the wish of the founders?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What happens to pre operative expenses in case of a start up?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is "create the illusion of choice" strategy in business ethical?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
Why does it seem like 50% of all Quora questions have to do with Elon Musk?
What are some things that entrepreneurs should know before starting a startup?
What are the biggest struggles of soul based entrepreneurs? (Light workers, Energy Workers, Psychics)
Can I tell an employee the perceived value of his stock options assuming the company gets sold?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
What is the expected ship time for a startup?
Where and how can I find a best partner for my startup?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
What are the core skills to be an entrepreneur?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
As an Indian entrepreneur, is it better to stay in India or go to US for a startup?
To what extent do you agree with the following statement: "entrepreneurs must also be early adopters to be successful."?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
Why does Jimmy Wales not support young teenagers who have entrepreneurship qualities?
Where can I get support for my startup idea?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
How well did Caltech prepare you to be a startup founder and CEO?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
How can I successfully date a Pisces guy who is also a triathlete and entrepreneur?
Where can I post a business opportunity that is not side by side with hundreds of scammers?
I'm 17 and wanted to become a successful entrepreneur. What should I do to increase my knowledge?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
Does Elon Musk suffer from anxiety?
What qualities is required to become entrepreneur?
Who was the founder of sound?
What have been your breakthrough moments as an aspiring entrepreneur?
How is Tai lopez helping people with his courses ? as an example the Social media marketing test group!
Who's the founder of the dictionry?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
Who are some successful ENTP Entrepreneurs ?
How did you get good at negotiating? If you're an entrepreneur, how useful was this skill to your success?
If you owned a startup and a business giant tries to steal your product, what steps would you take to save your startup?
How do I write a business model?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
What are some interesting, untouched startup ideas that you wish should exist?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
Is VIT good for entrepreneurship?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
Which are the best networking groups for women entrepreneurs in Gurgaon?
Is Iconiq Capital a founder friendly venture firm?
How much time would it take me to learn app developing from scratch?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
I wish to make a career in consulting, is there any particular startup is this sector?
Which successful startups (if any) have used scrum successfully?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
As an ambitious and young entrepreneur should I learn coding?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
What are the best jobs and job markets for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What would be a valuation model for app development agency?
Is it a good practice in the executive summary of a start-up with good traction (4 years) to divide the full funding needed to tranches?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are the benefits to a beginning entrepreneur if he have an Indian Patent?
In India is it possible for an under age to be an entrepreneur?
What makes startups so time consuming?
What are advantages and disadvantages of being a technical founder of a startup?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
I want to start a sports complex based in Lucknow. How do I start?
If the entrepreneur’s goal is to monopolize a marketplace, then why do so many people want to start companies in the tech industry?
What Things entrepreneur should not do while starting-up?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
How do I find a co-founder or partner for a startup in Lebanon?
What should be the attitude of an entrepreneur among people he is meeting for the first time?
What are some early stage startups that will become unicorns in 2017?
How do single founders take a vacation?
Will I be unsuccessful as an entrepreneur if I stop doing my high school homework and let my grades flunk and just work on my business?
Who is the most fearless entrepreneur of all times?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Which IIT has produced the most startups?
What companies are similar to Carbon Five that works with a lot of start-ups?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
What are the best startup forums where one can discuss the topic and ask questions?
You are a manager and you want to hire a UX designer. How do you choose him?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Does a PM at Uber have a better chance of creating a great company as an entrepreneur?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
Is there any platform where I can invest in online startups?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
Why do startups focus on a website or app to build solutions to problems?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
Who can evaluate or provide feedback on my Idea?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Where can I find Singapore business listing sites?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
Who are some well-known people that have remarried their former spouses, e.g. Elon Musk?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
How do I interview engineers for startup for first time CEO?
How did Google start their campuses for entrepreneurs?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Tell me the truth: Do all entrepreneurs worry that they're taking too much risk and at the same time worry that they're not being big and bold enough?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
I'm a new entrepreneur. How will creating systems help me?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
I have a brilliant pitch for Jimmy Wales. Can he reply?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
Who would you rather have leading you, someone who has read 700 books or someone who has done 700 deals?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
What college major produces the most entrepreneurs?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
Can a biologist go into startups?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
What are some ideas of startups for a Startup Weekend?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
How does someone without a CS background make a big ripple in the tech startup world?
What does Elon Musk think of the space elevator program?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Is there any market for entrepreneurs in Pakistan?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
What questions should a start-up founder ask a potential business partner?
How do I go about starting up a talk show for startups?
What are the benefits of switching from Founder to Employee?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Can someone with a technical background create a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
What has your experience been like as a woman entrepreneur in a male-dominated sector?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
Which Indian colleges provide the best support to entrepreneurs?
What does imagination mean for Jimmy Wales?
What are the steps to become entrepreneur electronic?
What advice would you like to give future entrepreneurs?
How much should equity be discounted relative to cash for my pay at my startup?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Shops and Businesses give discount to customers and at the same time give cut to the coupon provider company. How do companies make profit then?
What Elon Musk thinks about President's Trump intention to leave the Paris agreement on climate change?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
How can you systematize your Internet startup business?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
Does anyone feel like kicking Mark Zuckerberg in the nuts?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
Is it compulsory for a start-up partnership to have a majority shareholder?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
What do you think of Tai Lopez?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Is Kimbel Musk taller than Elon Musk?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
How can I build a business using Snapchat?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
How can startup founders get the most out of their relationship with investors?
Who was the founder of Azad Hind Fauz?
What are strengths and weaknesses of successful entrepreneurs?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
I am a non-technical founder starting an ecommerce site with minimal experience in this field, should I join an accelerator?
Who is the founder of Namco Limited?
Why did Steve Jobs only had 10 billion dollars when he died?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
Is Technology is the only way to become entrepreneur nowadays?
What kinds of people make the best startup founders?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
What should I do as a new startup CEO in China to survive given that most buyers are going to manufacturers rather than intermediaries?
What products are made by Mark Zuckerberg?
Why is Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk, but not with Warren Buffett?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
What is the best way to structure a tech start up?
Should we replace our CEO with another cofounder?
I am a CS undergrad who wants to be an entrepreneur. I have a chance to do a minor in either entreprenuership or EE. Which one should I choose?
How can a coder for a startup legally protect his business interest?
Will Jimmy Wales respond if I email him?
Do startup companies need an office space?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Is being an entrepreneur a good thing?
What are some of the unique and interesting startup companies which you wish to introduce?
Which high profile startups are likely going to fail in 2017?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Who would you choose to be your Business Partner and why?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
Is your success really worth your sacrifices as an entrepreneur?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Is Elon Musk a perfectionist?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
Should we be an entrepreneur, if the sole purpose to start is just to solve a problem?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
When a tech startup launches their app or has an idea for one, how is the valuation of the startup determined?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
Did Jimmy Wales’ Wikipedia account face a sockpuppet investigation?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What path should I choose to become a tech entrepreneur?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
Is a founder's agreement necessary to establish equity in a C-Corp startup? Or is there another document?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
Does Elon Musk still find time to read books?
Does Elon Musk believe in global warming?
Does a startup co-founder necessarily have to own 50% of the equity?
What's my “founder’s story”?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
What are problems that startups and businesses are facing these days?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
What should I do to have a chance to work under Jimmy Wales?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
What is the reason you want to build a startup?
What is Elon Musk favourite book related to startups?
What do most startups' workplaces look like in the first few weeks?
How can I start a franchise with no money?
Would it be wise for a founder/CEO to sell all their shares if the company is failing?
Whom would you consider as the best salesperson among all of the entrepreneurs?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
How can I replace the position of Jimmy Wales in Wikipedia?
Which security startups will come out of stealth in 2017?
Should all co-founders get a CxO title?
Is Cambodia sparking a tech startup boom?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How do I choose and develop a product for startup?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
What are the best European stock trading apps?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Who founded mathpix?
I want a cofounder for an online music magazine who can add value to the company. How do I get someone?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
Entrepreneurs: How often do you play video games?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
How can I become intellectual and well versed in things I care about, like Jimmy Wales?
How do startups create their first selling script? I don’t know where to start.
Who are the largest entrepreneurial personalities on social media?
How do I manage money of a startup company?
Where can I find a template for a technical cofounder offer letter?
Is it possible as an African to become a successful American entrepreneur?
Is it illegal or immoral to fire an employee after their granted equity increases in value drastically?
When is it time to quit or look for another idea, as a startup founder?
Can I retroactively set up founder preferred stock? My company has no outside investors or valuation yet.
What did, do or will entrepreneurs consider when hiring someone to create their website?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Did great minds like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, have high marks when they were in school?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What is the biggest problem people are facing on a daily basis?
What are some unusual facts about Steve jobs?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
What successful startups have been started by lone founders?
When registering a Delaware C-corp, you need to assign the shares. How does the vesting come into play then? Does the founders agreement overrule?
I'm a student entrepreneur who struggled with depression in the past and can be a workaholic. What advice do you have in managing work/life tension?
How do I get startup plans?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
Which psychological characteristics do you find imperative in determining the success of an entrepreneur?
For startup founders, how can you determine what advice is full of corporate bullshit?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How can I use Elon Musk's first principle while studying subject like physics, chemistry?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is it like being in the accelerator program at Axilor Ventures?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What countries have the best entrepreneurs?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Would Jimmy Wales like to come over for dinner?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
Who are the top 15 entrepreneurs in India?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
What are some mistakes that successful entrepreneurs avoid and the rest don't?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Do founders keep tabs on which employees exercise their options?
How did Elon Musk become a US citizen in 2002?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
Does being a successful young entrepreneur really need to be hard and why do investors seems scared to invest?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
What would be a good startup/franchise near Nashville, Tennessee?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
How can someone be an entrepreneur with little money?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
When should a startup with only a single founder create a team before seeking funding?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
Is it harder to become an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley now because of the rising cost and demand?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
What are the strategies a founder should use in order to apply for YCombinator?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Should I have a business partner as an entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
Should I outsource my MVP before taking a co-founder to earn respect & appreciation?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
I want to start my own start up business in software industry. What should I have to do first?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
How can a start up survive if it's not selling anything?
What is Musk afraid of?
What is the best way to legally register your startup from home?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
For a seed round, is it typical for founders to take out some money to pay for or reimburse the founders for past expenses?
Was Instagram founded by guys with a technical background?
Why do most startups purchase MacBooks for their employees?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
Why did Steve Jobs think he would die young and didn't want to live till 50?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
Tell us about yourself, personal bio and what led you to become an entrepreneur?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
Are there any tech startup in Tirunelveli?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
Should a CEO of a startup pay for his own travel expense if his family in NYC and he is on a temporary contract (contingent on funding) in Germany?
What do I have to do to show you that I'm worthy of your mentorship?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
What magazines would Elon Musk subscribe to?
What is the best way for a startup founder to contact you as an investor?
Where can I find a co-founder based on industry experience?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What are some fancy phrases that entrepreneurs use?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
We can all agree that starting a new business without market research is dangerous. So why so many entrepreneurs don’t make it?
How do certain entrepreneur's become famous?
What is your single biggest marketing challenge right now?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Who is Elon Musk and why is he so popular?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What legal problems did you face in your startup?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
What are the right questions to ask a small user base for a start up app in beta phase?
When did you realize that you weren't going to be a millionaire?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
How can I contact Bhavesh Aggrawal (Ola founder) for some entrepreneurial queries?
Who was the founder of Hindi?
What are the best books about start-ups?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Would an investor from your LinkedIn or Angel.co network be open to take a critical look at your executive summary?
What if a startup fails? Do the founders have to pay back?
What is Martin Skhreli’s new startup about?
How can I get global exposure while working in a startup?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
Would any entrepreneurs be interested in meeting in Ahmedabad for food and to talk about business?
What will Adam D'Angelo become if he is not a founder of Quora?
Is it difficult to become a millionaire from a tech startup in the Middle East?
Who are Elon Musk's role models?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Why should a professional join a startup?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
I have fleshed out an idea for an app start up, should I go about developing a prototype myself or recruit/outsource?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Would network marketing help me become a good entrepreneur?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
What is the best way to structure founder equity for a sales expert?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Why doesn't Elon Musk incorporate a Conglomarate with SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla instead of 3 saparate companies?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What are some really nice Facebook Groups for entrepreneurs?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
Is business development the closest thing to being an internal entrepreneur?
What preparation must I do before opening a stationery shop?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
How much equity can I give from my startup that would still keep me in control when the startup is successful?
Is GitHub a resource for aspiring tech entrepreneurs?
Who is the CEO of AGF?
How do I start up with innovative plot?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
Who is the co-founder of Synup?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
How do I save an employee through non-technical ideas in MNC for operations?
What brand name should I choose for a tech start-up?
What are the main marketing challenges for a startup founder?
Does Elon musk remember what he reads?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
How do entrepreneurs partake in multiple business operations at once, particularly in terms of how they might work for equity and work remotely?
If you could idolize either Dan Bilzerian, or Elon Musk, who would it be?
How difficult is it for a fresher to be an entrepreneur?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
What should be the caliber of first employees in a startup?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How can I be an amazing entrepreneur?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What startup does Adam D'Angelo look upto in 2017?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
Can you share the story of your neighbourhood entrepreneurs who went from Zero to Crore?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Why do you aspire to be an entrepreneur?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
Does founders of tech startup code with their team? Is it necessary for them to learn to code?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
Why are most founders from Stanford?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
Can I find one technical co-founder from Bhubaneswar on Quora?
Should I be an entrepreneur or an employee? I'm 23.
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
What does it mean to be successful young entrepreneur?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Entrepreneurs, what do you think of this makeup idea?
What startup actually is and how can one startup from nowhere?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
How do you solve the size problem in a dress rental service?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
If the characters from The Wire were Silicon Valley giants which companies would they be?
How do you reinvent yourself as an entrepreneur?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
How do you make a staffing company?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is so great about Elon Musk?
What are some successful startups?
What differentiates a lifestyle business from a startup?
I'm stuck between being an entrepreneur and going after a job. My hometown has literally killed my ambition. How can I survive?
Is Jimmy Wales a computer scientist?
Do you know the bad sides of Woz (Steve Wozniak)?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg host Facemash?
How has your experience racing an Ironman helped you as a startup founder/leader and as a mom?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
Have you already found what you are looking for?
I'm the main of 4 cofounders and am about to invest $100k in our startup. What's the best way to structure things so they are fair for everyone?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Have you found it difficult to get press for your startup?
What is the attention span of Elon Musk?
What are Adam D'Angelo's tips for startup founders and CEOs?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are the problems faced by an unregistered startups?
Who are some successful internet entrepreneurs in the Middle East?
What does Ernest W Adams think of Elon Musk?
How much harder do you think your life would be, if you were a startup founder battling government corruption on top of everything else?
How do I find a co-founder for an online music magazine to take it to the next level?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
How much do entrepreneurs pay themselves once their startup gets funded?
What financial difficulties have you had in business and what advice would you give entrepreneurs concerning finances?
How big of a legacy will Elon Musk have?
What is the best major to study if you want to become an entrepreneur?
What do you think of Robert Kiyosaki as a businessman?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
How many employees should a company have before one starts using the CEO descriptor?
How much capital is needed to startup a maritime surveillance company?
Do authors such as Jimmy Wales get embarrassed when looking at articles they wrote a few years ago?
What non-computer science startups are there in Brazil?
If Elon Musk can build a space company from scratch, why can't India make its own Fighter jets?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Who is founder of histology?
My co-founder writes messy/bad code what should I do, it is slowing me down?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Do Googlers think like entrepreneurs?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What needs to happen in the startup world to get women more involved as entrepreneurs?
What other fields of business could use a business platform like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
Did Mark Zuckerberg think that he was doing the right thing when he sold out his Harvard class mates to the CIA for personal gain?
How could I become a private prison CEO/founder/owner?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
What are the most effective techniques for outreaching new entrepreneurs?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
Do all successful enterpreneur need to have the guts to do something that is morally/unethical in their enterpreneurship journey?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
Where do I find a good startUP team if I am an idea-creator?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How many entrepreneurs are there in Massachusetts?
How effective are blogs, white papers and social media for B2B selling with annual contract values of US$ 200K –1 million?
How can a startup answer the question "what prevents a bigger company from taking your idea?"
What is the funding amount given to young entrepreneurs for their startups by MSME, and what is the procedure for it?
What if you have a start-up and your co-founders are Google and YouTube?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
Which kind of Investors a start up should choose after 1 & 1/2 years of incubation and first product ready for marketing?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
Can a company have two founders?
What is it like to be the CEO of a tech startup without any coding experiences?
How can young entrepreneurs be taken seriously?
Who are the best sport's entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
Should you give free stuff to cancelled subscribers?
As a single person with no seed money, how can you succeed in selling services in a startup being built from ground 0 if you can't afford employees?
How old was Steve Jobs when he was removed from Apple?
How do I become a software entrepreneur and start a startup?
Whom does Jimmy Wales follow on Quora?
Why should an entrepreneur start a company with a co-founder?
At which stage, in the development of SpaceX, did Elon Musk came up with the concept for how to reuse his rockets?
Can startups build successful app marketplaces?
How do exit strategies for start-ups really work for founders (not investors) in terms of a percentage share, post exit?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
How does life change as an entrepreneur?
What's it like to work with Kevin O'Leary?
If I get a funding of lets say $3M, how much money I can take as a startup founder?
How would you have acted if you were Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
If I run an online business, what title should I take?
What technology do you wish existed for your startup or established business?
Why is Jimmy Wales the best?
How and where to find tech co-founders?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
As a founder of a Delaware company how do I handle expenses?
How can I find a position in AR/VR startup with basics in programming (C++, Python, Matlab) and knowledge of optics, photonics, business and design?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
How do I get a physique like Elon Musk?
How do I ship my businesses products if I work 9-5?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How much equity should I get as a co-founder rejoining after a two-year gap ?
Who found the batmenton?
Does Elon Musk have more influence over Trump?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
Why is everyone counting their marks rather than enjoying their 12th holidays?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
As first time entrepreneurs, what part of the process are people often completely blind to?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
Are YouTuber's entrepreneurs?
Is Jimmy Wales a billionaire?
Who was the blonde woman with Elon Musk at the Trump's meeting in New York?
What would happen if a social media start-up competed against Facebook?
Which B. Tech streams are best for aspiring tech entrepreneurs in India?
Can investors sue the founder of a startup if it fails?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
Why did Elon Musk list "tunnels" instead of The Boring Company in his Twitter handle?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
What is the religion of Mark Zuckerberg’s wife?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Why do people say going to college is the only way to success while many entrepreneurs disagree?
How did Shiv Khera start his company?
What are the qualities of successful self-made entrepreneurs?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
How does a startup founder deal with spouse who wants to have a long vacation constantly?
An investor sees a team of a startup. Is it a must to give equity to all of them? Can the team members be employed?
Who founded Pataliputra?
If you were Steve Jobs how would you convince a music label to sell a top artistes song for just 99 cents?
How is the current tech startup ecosystem different from the 90's tech boom?
If you are starting your startup, Can you drop your introduction here and let each other know what are you upto ?
How many are the most successful IIMians startups?
Who is the founder of crewalley?
What are the most successful startups in the Books market?
Which 5 WikiPedia articles would Jimmy Wales choose to preserve for posterity?
Who are successful entrepreneurs or business influencers to join Quora?
What are the problems faced by students while starting a career or getting their dream job?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
How can I provide the most value to others in any field, and in return get something valuable from the viewpoint of an entrepreneur?
How much technical knowledge do founders need?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
What is the difference between founders, entrepreneurs and businessman?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
Should Founders take salary from the seed fund, and how much?
Is there too much hyper around entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk have a big part in Tesla R&D?
How does an entrepreneur compare to a skydiver?
I want to build a startup with people, but where will we work from with no starting capital?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
Who are the founders of Cisco Systems?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP? Whats your opinion?
Where's the best place to find co founders?
What sentence does every entrepreneur have to say when he wakes up?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
Can startup be considered as project?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
What is the best education for aspiring internet entrepreneurs?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the difference between "cofounder" and "part of founding team"? Can I call myself either one when I exited in 9.5 months and hold no equity?
How do founders handle expenses in an America start up?
Can you provide help in finding founders of successful B2C SME businesses?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
What do I need to open a company in the US?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
What is the typical number of board of advisors in a startup?
Where do I start as an Online entrepreneur?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
Should you keep a funny name for your startup so that people will remember it, or will people not take your startup seriously?
What is the most Time-Consuming part of a startup?
How much should we value my startup?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Is there a problem with starting a blog without a topic?
How can I find an absolute tech buddy for my new startup around Bhubaneswar?
Should you protect your idea before pitching to investors?
What are some important traits for an entrepreneur to have?
Can a startup succeed if a founder is away during the critical startup period - say 3 months?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
What will be the networth of Jimmy Wales if Wikipedia is like normal website?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
What are the tax benefits to Indian entrepreneur for incorporating a startup in Dubai?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What makes a engineer to become a entrepreneur?
Should an entrepreneur/CEO be good at the technical part of his/her business?
How do serial entrepreneurs work for equity?
What kind of background check do VCs do on the entrepreneurs they fund?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
How much of a social impact is created by the philanthropic foundation(s) established by entrepreneurs and business executives?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
What did you infer from your interview with Elon Musk?
How does Elon Musk find time to tweet?
Why did Jimmy Wales go to live in London?
What is the best unusual business advice you received?
How should I change my attitude from being a full time employee to becoming an entrepreneur?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
As a solo founder, shouldn't I still execute a reverse-vesting for future investment possibilities?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
Can I stay in private hostels while studying at VIT Chennai?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
I have $50K in profits to reinvest in my business. Which should I choose? 1) Reinvest in my current operations, or 2) invest in a tangental idea?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
How can I get in touch with young entrepreneurs around me?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
What age did Gordon Miller start his first company and what was it?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
What do I have to do to find a tech cofounder in California?
Is it common on startup acquisition that the founders agree not to compete in the same category when they leave?
What does a successful, smart and already wealthy tech-entrepreneur look for in a women whom he would want to marry?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
Are there any successful millionaires in Europe who might be interested in working on a possibly even bigger web project than the previous one?
What's the difference between president and CEO in a company? Who's playing the bigger role?
What would be the most important habits for a successful entrepreneur?
How would Elon Musk's 30 layer tunnels avoid flooding?
Which location is optimal for an aerospace start-up?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How do I stop dreaming to become a startup cofounder and work hard as a software developer?
Why do startups like tinyOwl fail in India?
Can you legally remove equity from a co-founder that you want out of your startup?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
How will Jimmy Wales rate himself for several roles he is playing in his life (like as a son, as a CEO, as a partner)?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
Who is exide batteries founder?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is it necessary to be street-smart to be an entrepreneur?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
If there is three quality all entrepreneur should have please tell us your three important quality?
How do I employ a suitable person for start-up?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
What caused Robert Westermeyer, the founder of habitsmart.com, to drop-out from his psychologist career?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, what would be the purpose of the game?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
How does Jimmy Wales define objectivism?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Does Jimmy Wales watch Peaky Blinders?
Can my 15 year old brother be my co-founder in India?
What kind of business startup is the best for a woman?
Is there any founder or CEO of a well established ecommerce website for clothing and accessories on Quora?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
Should a 18 years old undergraduate student start entrepreneurship/investing/business?
Who is Quora’s founder?
What is some good advice for aspiring entrepreneurs in the education sector?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
What's the proper definition of a billion dollar company?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Who founded maketechnologydisappear.com?
How do I start a startup project while there are many threads?
Are there any entrepreneurs/businessmen who took bigger risks than Elon Musk, over the course of the history? How did taking these risks pay off?
Is Jimmy Wales rich?
Should I keep working for the mission-driven non-profit startup which has a huge potential, but its founder seems to be having superiority complex?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Does Elon Musk know in and out about car designing, car manufacturing, launching satellites, solar cells, programming?
What tech startup accelerators exist in Toronto?
What is the difference in management of big companies and startups?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What does Jimmy Miller think of Morgan Llywelyn's books?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
If Elon Musk wants to send people to Mars, don't those people need special training? When would that be happening?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
How important is loyality when you are an entrepreneur?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What is the psychological difference between a CEO and founder of a big company?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What are the chances of my startup getting acquired by big existing player in the market?
I want to build a company involving in data analytics research & advisory. What day job would be right for an aspiring entrepreneur with bills to pay?
Is Elon Musk full of BS?
How important is finding a (investment/entrepreneur) mentor? What are the qualities of a good mentor? How do I find a mentor?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
Why do entrepreneurs go to VC and private investors instead of banks?
How can an aspiring entrepreneur make the most out of his masters in US?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
What psychological questions are useful in testing the character of a potential employee?
How do I select co-founder who has very less technical knowledge?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How many co-founder should we have? And why?
Who was the first person to make hi-tech messenger bags?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
How many startups started after 2014 in India?
I want to start a pharmaceutical manufacturing company. I am having a confusion in for which type of product do I approach.?
What would be one thing you would suggest an entrepreneur must have?
Why is Elon Musk developing the hyperloop project with SpaceX instead of Tesla?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
What do Indians think about Steve Jobs?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
What do Kurt Cobain and Elon Musk have in common?
How does Elon Musk find time to launch new ventures?
What are some ways to prepare financial skills for my startup?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
How can I find a cofounder for my fermented beverage startup in India?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
How do I startup a new enterprise in rural area?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
How entrepreneurs were imagining future of their startup when they started, noticing other startups growing up and they were still struggling?
Which entrepreneurs had simultaneous failed ventures before making it relatively big and how many times did they fail?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
What should I do to become an entrepreneur after my graduation?
How would protectionist policies for local start-ups affect the entire start-up ecosystem of a certain region?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
How do I hire devs when I'm a non tech single founder?
Who has a better lifestyle: a successful actor or a successful tech entrepreneur?
Who are the founder of Sun Group?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Why does Jimmy Wales seem to have so much time?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
Who will be responsible for Wikpedia when Jimmy Wales is no more?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
Will Jimmy Wales invite me into his home?
Where do I will get flexible packaging like kurkure and lays chips in Maharashtra and Karnataka?
"Be a generalist, hire specialists". Is it a good advice for entrepreneurs and startup founders?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Another startup team has the same idea as us in a startup competition, should we join them or not?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What is the secret behind coming up with great ideas and how do I learn it?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Are there more startup mentors than startup entrepreneurs in India?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
Should I form a new entity for a new startup?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
Is Jimmy Wales, a down to earth personality?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What are the successful startup in China?
What do you do when your idea is already built by another startup?
Why are only 2% of tech founders economics majors?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
What is the key to ServiceNow's success?
How will the movie The Founder affect McDonald's?
What are some cool startups launching in Atlanta this year?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
When will we use Quora?
Should I buy used laptops for my startup employees?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
How can a civil engineer become entrepreneur?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
How can India generate more entrepreneurs?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
You are given a choice to either hire Steve Jobs or Steve Wozniack. Who would you hire and why?
What is the nature of Agreement between founders in early start-up?
What do you think billionaires/innovators of tomorrow are or should be studying?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
What are the least motivating factors for entrepreneurs?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
What should I invest my time in?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Who is the founder of course4coders?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
I have an idea for a startup, how do I implement it?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
What is it like to have co-founded a startup with your spouse?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of the Times of India?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Who is the founder of Team Treehouse?
I am selling my startup and keeping 15% of it. What details are important to contemplate in the deal?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
Why couldn't Steve jobs complete his college education? Give two reasons
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
Can you make more money as a godman than as a successful entrepreneur?
How do non-equity driven Accelerators help entrepreneurs keep 100% of the upside?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What is best title for entrepreneurial workshop?
Has anyone ever told Jimmy Wales about his awesome attitude?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
Who is world's successful CEO and why?
What is your favorite thing about working at a start-up? And what, if anything, would you give it up for?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Why is Jimmy Wales so much smarter than us? What did he do to become successful?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
What did Jimmy Wales major in Indiana University?
What are the benefits of being an entrepreneur?
As a non-tech founder, What progress can I make on my startup before outsourcing it or finding a CTO?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Would you support an entrepreneur over big brand companies? Why or why not?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
Can I know exactly what is a startup?
Is there a website on practical implications of entrepreneurship research?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
"Generalists are best at defining problems, specialists at solving them". Do you agree?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
Why isn't Elon Musk actively trying to improve battery technology?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
What are ways to become an entrepreneur at a very young age?
What would Uber look like if Kalanick resigned and Elizabeth Warren were CEO?
Who are the founders of ANT Lab, India's first NanoTech company?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
How can I deal with sarcastic persons in my Startup team?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
I have an app idea. Which website will help me to find genuine co founder?
What should you do when you don’t share the same vision of your startup with your co-founder?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
What is your plan to earn one million INR in year 2017?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
I'm an entrepreneur, exited on my first venture (beverages). I now want to work for a consumer goods VC firm - is this realistic with my background?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Will people now think twice before joining a startup?
Has Elon musk committed any crimes?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
What is the best time to get a mentor when you are an aspiring entrepreneur?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
What roles would you say a start-up needs to fill and how important are each?
How do I run or launch a startup while in college?
Our European Startup considers shipping our product to Russia. How would we go about that?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
Is Elon musk's team of SpaceX smarter than NASA?
How founders of hardware start ups can keep 30% equity?
What can I do with 100 dollars to get more money?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
Does Jimmy Wales like Star Wars?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What does it take to create a team for small technical startup in India?
Who is the founder of Quintiles?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
Can Indian companies give competition to Elon Musk's Tesla?
Should I choose one man startup over small company of 80 people?
Who was the founding technical backbone of Apple?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What do you consider to be the most valuable asset in a startup?
Is it possible to turn my blog into a company?
What steps should I take and goals should I set to become a successful entrepreneur?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
What is the biggest problem of VCs worth solving?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
How do most SaaS companies manage to charge between $29-$299 per month and still get to $50 million or even $100 million in ARR?
I have a startup idea related to Indian Railways ticket booking. To whom should I reach in order to have a permission for implementing it?
How do I prove that aliens have hacked some of our brains with nanotechnology to create a big hype about entrepreneurship?
How useful is "Rich Dad, Poor Dad"?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
My co-founder left last year and I paid her back $ invested from the company revenue. Do I have to send her a 1099 for taxes?
What's the name of the founder of PayPal?
Do you know of online groups (or real life groups in Europe only) where aspiring entrepreneurs can learn how to develop their ideas and find a mentor?
What are things a startup must do to succeed?
Will pursuing an MBA help me with my dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What is the goal of an entrepreneur?
How will Elon Musk's gigafactory help the world?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Play Quiz 23?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk's remark referring to an impending need for a welfare state due to future advancements Super A.I?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can I use GoDaddy to host my startup?
What are some untold facts about Steve jobs?
What should I do if my co-founder is building the product too slowly whereby competitors are launching before us?
Who are the co-founders of claymango.com?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Can a company or startup with a geographically distributed workforce effectively compete with those who are not?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
What does it take to have a successful tech startup?
Do you see any entrepreneurial opportunity in developing a place for digital detox?
How do you start a franchise business with no money?
Speaking financially, how do startups start and end?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
Can you name the students from St. Xavier School, Bathinda who started a company?
How can a startup like Nestaway be started?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Who do startup founders ask for advice?
What are common problems that occur with "founder CEO's"?
As a founder, how did you find your first iOS developer?
When joining a startup, what attributes do you look for in the CEO?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
How can I make myself have a work ethic and focus like Elon Musk?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
Are there any Indian entrepreneurs willing to hire for a marketing profile?
How do you appoint and compensate a CTO if he is not a founder director?
What is the business of Leaflines?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Whose pocket does IPO money goes to, the founders’ or the companies’?
How can I switch from Infosys to a product based company (where I can do lots of coding) within one year after my Infosys training (98% on programming)?
What is a good book for tech company founders?
How hard is it to make a startup company successful?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
How do you build a successful startup/business?
How should I do marketing for my 2 startup apps as a 20 year old with $200 in bank account?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
Is MBA necessary for entrepreneurs?
I am the founder of a startup beverage company. How much equity should I offer to the person who formulated the drink that I had the idea/concept for?
Where can I find tech entrepreneurs who are less concerned about working in Silicon Valley at Google and more about helping more people with tech?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
What is your take on building your core team and what was your strategy for hiring early employees?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
What tips do you have for entrepreneurs who need to put themselves "out there", especially when they're just starting out?
Has Jimmy Wales ever done Acid or partied on ecstasy in his life?
Will Mark Zuckerberg run for political office?
Could you tell me about your experience of being a founder of a startup with both a technical and a non-technical background?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What is the difference between entrepreneur and proprietor?
How many sales are made in a day by new startup?
Is Elon Musk the Nicola Tesla of our time?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
Is there enough space in the world for everyone to be an entrepreneur?
How do founders write their resume?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
What are listed companies founded prior 2000 with the biggest number of founders?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
Does leaving a startup early still give you exit credibility?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
What are some issues black women face when trying to become entrepreneurs?
How long did it take you to zero in on the right co-founder?
As an entrepreneur, how do you pass on your vision/idea to people you work with and make them believe in it?
Why should I hire a CTO instead of outsourcing the role?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
My uncle has successfully built a company specializing in selling meat, should I ask him for advice on growing a tech startup?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
How do I form an idea for an startup?
Is a person involved in Multi-Level Marketing (MLM) an entrepreneur?
Why are we afraid of being entrepreneurs?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some highly successful entrepreneurs who had terrible high school grades and/or terrible standardized test scores?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How many hours did Elon Musk use to work when he was starting Zip2?
How many ideas/companies actually got funded in the Startup Weekend events?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
How much does sound cloud owner earn?
What is the average value of a startup in India?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
Who is the founder of iPhone?
What are some Problems which be entrepreneurial opportunity?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
What should be your strategy while Undergraduation for becoming a successful entrepreneur in future?
What is Mark Zuckerberg chasing?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
I've made a new social media, how do I beat copycats with more resources?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
What prominent entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley are non-technical?
I am not a techie guy. What kind of startup can I start?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
What are the essential roles that have to be played in a biomedical startup (biomedical device) between co founders?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
Which would be a better founder/CEO for a startup company selling air fresheners, Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I am from the Caribbean and I am having a very difficult time finding a co-founder as the skill set is missing. What can I do get one from the States?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
I'm interested in history and genealogy - how can I use this interest to make money?
Will the relatives of the founders of CommonFloor.com also quit after the founders are forced out of Quickr?
I want to start a robotics startup like schaft robotics. How would a business like that even make money?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
I want to build an applicant tracking software (ATS). Is it a good idea to work on it?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
Can a company do business without a clear USP? What is the difference between USP and UVP?
How strong are Elon Musk’s engineering fundeas?
When was InsideQuest (Founded by Tom Bilyeu) established as a company?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
What is the best way to grow my web based startup's online presence?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What is the best way to keep control of a startup if the founder is not the CEO because he is working in another company?
What is the best way for an aspiring entrepreneur to start when you have no business background and are not sure where to start?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
As a startup founder, where did you work and take people's cash from?
What tinyowl co-founders are doing now after merger with runnr?
What is some good advice for startup founders who want to hire and retain the best employees?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
What is the psychology behind successful businesses that 'disrupted' traditional industries? How did their founders recognize the flaw and exploit it?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
How should I execute this business idea?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
What would be the percentage of my share as a founder and non-investor?
Do start-ups need PR?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs who are not good sales person and introvert in nature?
What are some challenges faced by startups in using data science and analytics for building and growing?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
When does the CEO get in trouble with the parent company?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
What should I do if I want to be an entrepreneur but also an engineer?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
What top qualities does a startup CEO have?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
What does Jimmy Wales think of Indiana University?
How do I effectively look for iOS developer [cofounder] for app startup we are building in Bay area?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
Should a startup be positioned as a startup, or would that hurt our reputation because people might be skeptical about our ability to deliver?
Have you ever found an interesting startup and wished it was yours?
Do entrepreneurs really get leads and verification from Quora?
What shall I do today to become successful entrepreneur in ten years?
I want to start my own business, but I'm afraid I will hate the type/industry, what should I do?
Does high school really determine whether you will be successful?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
Who is the founder of Carlson?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
When should Startup have a board members?
What skills should an aspiring entrepreneur learn?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
Is Elon Musk engaging in glitzy marketing when he publicly talks about the economic significance of first stage self-recovery and re-usability?
Is Birmingham a good place to launch a startup?
What is your successful startup story?
What are some rookie mistakes founders make during VC meetings?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
Who are some highly successful technology entrepreneurs who graduated from Cal Poly Pomona?
Can the co-founders license the IP (software) of a closing startup to themselves?
How do I make a great sales presentation?
I'm 14 and I have a start up idea. How will I start?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
As a UK based tech startup, what legal work should be done before launch?
Why don't the big companies just buy the startups instead of copying what they do?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
How can I become someone like Elon Musk?
Why isn't Quora of all places more supportive of the idea of an entrepreneurial President?
What are the best books or online courses to learn the basics of starting a business and entrepreneurship in 2017?
What are the cost expenditures to think about while starting a new SaaS?
Does Elon Musk have someone to look up to in the same way many people look up to Elon Musk?
What are the topics of entrepreneurship?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
When is the right moment to stop a project as a social entrepreneur?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Why did the founders of Twitter think their idea would work when it seems so counter intuitive?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for an automobile startup?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
What is your advice for a 20-year-old engineering student for building a startup?
What learning paths and implementation techniques did Adam D'angelo and Mark Zuckerberg follow to learn to code?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
What are Elon Musk's plans for colonizing Mars?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
After selling your first startup, site59.com, to Travelocity in 2002, what was the first big-ticket item that you bought?
Is there any successful startup in technology in Bangladesh?
What is the hardest part of a tech startup?
Do you have a startup idea but don't know how to implement it?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Can only streetsmart people become successful entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
Why is it so easy for entrepreneurs that have had previous success to raise funds from VCs for their new venture despite not having field expertise?
Entrepreneurs, I’d like to know what you think of this photography idea?
How important to a startup's success are the CEO's fame and public persona?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
What was your recent public speaking experience?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
Is it possible to be a successful entrepreneur if starting later in age?
What is some advice for entrepreneurs looking to face off against industry giants in a market?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What region on Earth has the best business opportunities for hot-shot, boot-strapped, IT or software developer SLASH entrepreneurs in 2017?
What will happen to the entrepreneurship craze when the stock market crashes?
How do you start a cellphone startup?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
Is the SaaS conversion rate measured against all new signups or only active users?
What are the basic needs for a perfect startup?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Which entrepreneur do you respect and appreciate the most, and why?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
If you are a female entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle when it comes to nutrition and fitness?
What would happen if Elon Musk combined all of his companies/projects into one large company? What if Elon Musk put it on the stock market?
What are the top five reasons you wanted to become an entrepreneur and did you succeed in that?
Can anyone provide any information about the incubation program launched by advantedge in Noida?
What do founders expect from a VC/BA ?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Is Elon Musk losing money?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
What were the sleeping habits of Elon musk and nikola Tesla?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
Where do founders get salaries in early stages for their survival before company starts genrating enough revenues?
How can I contact Facebook founders thru email?
How can I profit from failing startups?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How should a startup founder's shares be treated in a California divorce where the stock is not completely vested?
Which successful entrepreneurs have a business degree?
Why most of the youngsters are going behind start ups?
What does every new founder need?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
What is your advice for a nontech person starting a tech startup?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
What are some of the world's most interesting innovation or start up events which are lecture or presentation based?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Do you thank everyday to the founder of this beautiful website Quora?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Has Quora met or exceeded the founders initial expectations?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
What is the best way to introduce new services to your existing company?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
What are the start up costs for an employment agency?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What are your advice you'd give to young age entrepreneur?
What do you dislike most about Steve Jobs?
Which is the most successful startup in fashion?
What is an investment startup?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What are the all time industries for startups worth potential billions in the future?
Does Elon Musk really believe that the world is going to be bombarded by meteors, and so he built SpaceX?
Which are the most successful African startups?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
How can you work out equity and salaries for co-founders?
Does a politician or an entrepreneur have a higher lasting impact?
What are some great tips for a newly started business that sells unique products?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
What are some top startups to watch out for in 2017?
How is virtual assistant useful?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
Steve Jobs was a very product-focused entrepreneur. Is this trend outdated, and if so, what’s the "next thing"?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
What is basic difference between a social entrepreneur and simply entrepreneur?
What tech field has the highest potential to become the next Elon Musk or Jeff Bezos?
How could we detect an opportunity in the entrepreneurial life?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
As an entrepreneur and team leader, how do I get others to work effectively, without being bossy?
How do I retain control of a startup with 3 co-founders with equal equity?
What are some policy issues associated with launching a startup?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
Founder of highly valued startup (5%) is leaving the company, looking to sell shares. If company/shareholders don't buy, what is best way to sell?
What can you expect in your first month of launching a startup?
What would you suggest a young person who is trying to become an entrepreneur?
If Tesla isn't making profits, how is Elon getting rich?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
How do I make a project of a startup?
Is it possible to become a successful entrepreneur in today's world?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
Where can I find a like minded person to join me in my start up?
What do VCs look for?
I'm a teen with big aspirations, will Jimmy Wales even bother reading my email?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
How can I decide how much time to spend per week on a good habit such as extracurricular reading?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Does an MBA in marketing or in operations help if one has entrepreneurial aspirations in the future? If so, what B-School would be good?
What is a good major to take as an entrepreneur who already has business, marketing, and many other experiences, and wants to expands its knowledge?
What are successful startups founded by Stanford alumni?
What would happen to the USA if Elon Musk became the POTUS?
What is the main point an entrepreneur should have noticed while struggling (mind set)?
What would be your ideal team for a startup?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
How much equity should I be getting if I am joining a prefunded startup as a CTO (non founder) in India? See details.
I made a game on Google Play and App Store. I am 14 years old and I am averaging $200 daily of it. What type of business can I create to earn more?
Is there a service or profession whose purpose is to scale up inexperienced startups that suddenly have enough capital to do so?
Which online products have the most customers?
How can you profitably transform an Internet startup business?
Has anyone foregone or delayed an education at a top university to take part in Discover Praxis? What factors led you to that decision?
What is it like to spend some time with Elon Musk?
Who is the founder of Koenigsegg Agera?
Do entrepreneurs need college?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
Which Business is useful for startup?
What are the pros and cons of a double trigger with a 6 year vest for founders of a startup?
What is the difference between a start-up and business?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are the basic needs to start our own startup?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do you conduct a seminar for all aspirants who wish to be entrepreneurs or masters of their own businesses?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What are some new ideas of non-technical events?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
What's a non-traditional or novel way that you met one of your co-founders?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are able to do things successfully, whatever they set their eyes on?
Are there any websites where you can find entrepreneurship mentors for college students for free?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
How do you establish equity in a corporation with 3 founders, legally?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
Can you be a successful entrepreneur with a non-violent criminal felony in your history?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
Does the co-founder of a startup mobile game company brainstorm by himself for the next game?
What should I choose as my U G course if I desire to be an entrepreneur?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
What are some promising industries for future tech entrepreneurs?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How long does it take a startup to get its first paying customer?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How is BetaPage 2.0 different from other start-up communities?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
What sets apart a great entrepreneur from an average one?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
Who is Jimmy Wales and what inspire him every day?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
How does Gary Vaynerchuk invest?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
What would happen if the BORG asimilated the founders (shapshifters in DS9)?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
How can I crowdfund survival money or emergency fund for while I get my startup freelance writing company off the ground?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Should I go for $10,000 investment for my startup which is generating $50,000 in profits annually? (Read Details)
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
How should I co-found a startup with American partners?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are the best enterprise software blogs for investors (not founders)?
What specific things can creatives (architects, designers, artists) start doing to be on the path to becoming savvy, successful entrepreneurs?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
To what extent do top entrepreneurs share day-to-day business details with their spouse?
What is the best start up idea for Goa?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
When was BWFS founded?
Walter White should be considered as an entrepreneur or an employee?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
How can startup founders control fears: out of cash, product adoption, and especially failure?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Could Elon Musk do what he has done without going to school? Would his companies be better?
As a startup, are the founders entitled to a salary? If yes, who determines how much is appropriate for each partner, assuming the equity is 70:30?
Where can I find founders who need a remote developers team?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
Can I run a business startup along with my graduation?
Who is the founder of the Reliance India?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
If most people you talk to think your startup idea is bad, how do you know whether they are right or wrong?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Can an intrapreneur call himself the founder?
Would you rather work for a top research institution, or start your own company?
I have INR 20k so which type of business I can start?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
What are the common basic principles that every successful entrepreneur follow?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
What is something surprising about entrepreneurs?
What was the competitive landscape like when when Steve jobs started the iPhone and when it launched?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
What are the factors that lead individuals to become entrepreneurs?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What is it like to go through lay-offs at a startup?
Is passion always a driver to success for start-up founders?
How can a young successful entrepreneur in a developing country attend Davos as a speaker?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
How do you hire a good technical co-founder for your company if your are not an expert in technology?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
How can I get seed funding for my startup before registering the company?
What kind of problems (legal/technical) do businesses that run during the night face?
Is it allowed to list your company in AngelList before your company is formally incorporated?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Who do you think is more successful, Elon Musk or Richard Branson`?
If you were starting a tech company to make lots of money what kind of company would you start?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
What’s the main objective of an Entrepreneur,profit making only or solving peoples problems through the service he or she provides.
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
What are some great resources for entrepreneurs who are looking for angel investors and don't know where to begin?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
When registering a Delaware C-corp, how many shares of common and preferred stocks should we issue and at what value? How many for co-founders?
How can I create a non-profit organization about ending the 2 party system?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What are the areas for entrepreneurs in Electronics Field?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Where will Elon Musk's tunnel go?
Can you work in law as an entrepreneur without ever becoming certified to practice law yourself?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How do I go about registering a startup in India, initially without any co-founders, but making provision for some in the future?
Why is Indiana a poor place to start a tech company?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
What are the abilities required for being a successful sports entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Sega Corporation?
Views on motivation of workforce by entrepreneurs?
Why do you think Elon Musk wants to only live 100 years?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
We are a startup working in the AR/VR space, and we have built a couple of platforms/solutions. Where do we find a suitable mentor for help?
What problem may arise when you take a qualified co-founder in your startup?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Have you started your own app development company?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
How can I get entrepreneurs to use my platform to build a business team for their startup?
What technology is bakuun.com built with?
What should I sacrifice to become a successful entrepreneur?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
Why is Jimmy Wales so successfull?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
How hard is it for Startup Founders to learn how to sell?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur without college? If so where is the best place to start?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Marketing experience is equally important whether we do startup or reputed company?
How do you find out about startups that are struggling?
What is the ideal number of directors a startup with $1–10 million in funding will have?
If your startup could consolidate an industry does that make it a good idea?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
I am planning to open up a department store in Rajasthan. How should I start? What are the main things I should keep in mind?
What are the most useful general and technical skills to build for launching a successful tech startup in the next 5 years (as a CEO, not CTO)?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
What is your daily schedule like?
Who is (are) the founder(s), and CEO of Faraday Future?
What ways do you think about start ups that is different from the common methods?
Where can I find extensive data on tech startup financials and success rates?
How do I become a startup entrepreneur?
What should I do if my co-founder is not working as hard as I am?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build his product on his own?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Where can I find the email of Travis Kalanick, Garret Camp, and the CEOs of Lyft, Postmates and Handy?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
Are there any blogs that write about the hard part of entrepreneur’s journey rather than only talk about their success?
At the end of a 2 month web development bootcamp I want the organizers to approach me (an MBA) for their start-up. How do I make this happen?
Would a Silicon Valley leader like Mark Zuckerberg be a good thing for American politics, should he decide to run for office?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
What advice would Adam D'Angelo give to other young entrepreneurs who want to start their own companies?
I recently had an idea for a startup, where can I discuss it with a bigtime CEO or a founder?
Where can I find startup mentors in Chennai?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
How can I prepare myself for building a Billion dollar (Tech) company?
Do startups in China face more or less regulation than startups elsewhere in Asia or around the world?
Did Google founders give any talks at conferences in the first few years?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
How do very great entrepreneurs perceive the world?
What is the difference between what shareholders vote on and board members vote on? We’re trying to understand some basics in corporate governance.
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
What are the benefits and downsides of being the first service provider in a new market?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
Is it true that technical founders are more important than non-technical ones in the beginning of a startup?
Does it make sense to create a startup at 48 years of age?
What are the most common problems or frustrations of social entrepreneurs?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
Is Jimmy Wales mastermind?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
Why are so many entrepreneurs flaky?
What is an accredited investor and what are the benefits of being one, if you're an entrepreneur who wants to operate his/her own companies?
What are the biggest problems with consumer internet non-technical founders from a VC perspective?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How do I fire my co-founders?
Why has India failed in creating more number of entrepreneurs?
My country isn't even listed on founder2be. I was denied visa to US. How can I find technical co-founder?
How good is Lattice Innovations as a startup?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
How do you work a lot, like Elon Musk or any CEO, and still stay healthy so that you don’t even get the flu?
Where can I find successful agricultural entrepreneur start-ups stories and ideas?
When should I quit a regular job to start a startup, and what should I do to survive?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
How was Thumbtack founded?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
What are the 2 or 3 most promising startups in Europe for 2017?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What are the possible business oppurtunities for women to become an entrepreneur?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
How is Elon Musk legally digging a tunnel under LA?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Why do employees leave startups for big brands?
When a venture-funded startup sells for less than the value of investors' liquidation preferences, do founders really get nothing?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
Do initial founders in a startup get salaries at the initial phase? How much?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
What are some things to watch out for as a startup employee as a founder leaves?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
What advice do you have for people who want to start their own company?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
If our company employs people in Santa Monica with a $75 000 yearly salary, how much would we have to pay in typical employee benefits and taxes?
What is best business to startup in salem, Tamilnadu?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What key skills must a tech startup team have in order to succeed?
Can an incubator, Incubate a technology which don't have established company?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
How does one go about starting a world changing group like anonymous or sumofus?
Is there any entrepreneur who want to guide me because I want a mentor?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
What are all the things I should do to become an entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales meet anyone if one of the successfull person wants to meet him then?
What do you really need to do to make a startup successful? What do you need to do to make your product live and other jobs?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
Why is Elon Musk seen as one of the best entrepreneur in the world?
Guy Kawasaki: What are the risks and advantages for a startup founder to be the main evangelist for his / her brand?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
How do you conduct a stake out?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
What are the tech driven steps involved to begin a tech startup?
Should an organization’s purchasing professional behave like an entrepreneur?
How can a 17 year old make $500,000 in a year?
What would be a thumb rule for an entrepreneur making a start?
Why did Bill Gates retire from Microsoft so young?
Can I use the idea of my old company to start a new by removing two co-founders?
What's inside your work backpack as a startup CEO?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
Being an aspiring entrepreneur should I approach incubation center or develope a prototype if I am at idea stage?
Should someone with tech skills and a passion for startups, but in a ton of debt in their mid-twenties, move to SF or somewhere else to build a company?
I have a friend at Israel who want to start a business with me, what type of business we can framework?
What are the most optimal strategies to raise a $3m seed round in SF in 2017?
What is Elon Musk’s next big project?
Was John D. Rockefeller as young as Mark Zuckerberg when he made his billions of dollars in the 1800s?
Is it possible to create a checklist to sumup the chances of success of a startup?
How do I go from a startup idea to a real company, and what are the legal steps?
What do you have to give to advisors of your startup?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
Entrepreneurs: how do you deal with the fact that many problems are just invisible, hidden, intangible problems?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
What deal should I make with a high potential startup with little or no money as a developer?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
What are some of the most pressing problems for startup founders in terms of mental health?
After the startup weekend, should I rebuild the team?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Would Elon Musk ever venture into Time Machine?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What tools do entrepreneurs wish to find online?
How can I find funding for a new consumer information storage service?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
How have you implemented the Blue Ocean strategy in your personal/professional lives?
What good local startups do you have in your country/city?
How does one go about finding government grant opportunities for startups in the US?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
Which business would you start if you had only 10,000 rupees and how will you divide your expenses from scratch?
What are some of the most ingenious Pakistani start-ups?
Would a subscription system, with discounts for people that regularly contribute, work for Medium?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
How can Mars be "warmed up" as Elon Musk implied during his September 2016 presentation?
Should you tell co-founders hard truths about their decisions or suck it up and try to make it work?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
How do you find problems to solve as an entrepreneur?
What proofs do I show when asked for in an IIM interview about my own startup? I resigned becoz I was not getting well with my co-founder.
How do you quit school and go straight to university?
Who is smarter, Tony Stark, Bruce Banner, Elon Musk, or Steve Jobs?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
How can the younger generations aim to become entrepreneurs?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk, as one of the members of Donald Trump's council of business advisors? Will it be fruitful to the public?
Is it okay to found a startup as a generalist who does everything (technical and non-technical part)?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
As a new member of the Forbes 30 Under 30, is Keiana Cave becoming the next Elon Musk/Mark Zuckerberg?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
Which college major teaches you to get the most out of your money?
Is it a good idea to become a generalist if I want to found a startup?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
Is Robert Kiyosaki’s network marketing a fraud?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
What do I do with my talented co-founder who doesn't seem to be engaged 100% of the time?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What are some startups that are working on "Turboxtax for X"?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
Why did Elon Musk invest in DeepMind?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
How do I get co-founders while running an OPC?
How does every entrepreneurs ease their life?
I wish to be a tech entrepreneur in evenings and in my spare time. Whats the best day job to support it?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
If a startup reaches out to me, how can I measure their success?
Do you feel betrayed by Elon Musk sharing and joining Trump views?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
Can I become the next Elon Musk?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Where can I find talents willing to join a startup?
What is the stake/equity sharing percentage between founders and investors?
What TV series' does Jimmy Wales watch?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
In case you don't find an investor, is it feasible/good idea to make money by taking workshops at colleges about your technology?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
As the CEO and founder of a new startup, is it ok not to ask for any salary, in order to get the startup going in its first phases?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
What questions can you ask wantrapreneurs to help them realize they are not entrepreneurs?
What are creative ways of packaging angel fund proposals which will be attractive to investors while protecting your interests as an entrepreneur?
Do successful CEOs have pets?
What is a determinant of successful teams includes the time and number of possessions?
What financial skills should a startup founder have?
Do young entrepreneurs inspire you?
Is group buying dead? Why?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
I have an idea for a startup company, what is the best way to implement it?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
Which niche industry/market has not been innovated in a while?
As an entrepreneur, how do you realize you can't continue with your business project?
Is having technological knowledge important or advantageous for starting a successful start-up?
Did Jimmy Wales ever or will chat with someone personally?
What podcast has made you smarter?
Can we expect Jimmy Wales in politics with the power of knowledge he has?
Is there any way to identify a successful startup?
What is CallHippo?
What is step- by- step guide for an aspiring entrepreneur who is at idea stage?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
How will entrepreneurs spend their weekends?
Who are some famous women entrepreneurs in Hyderabad?
How is amber found?
What is the essential cyber security for an early stage software startup?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
Do you agree that startup founders must sacrifice almost everything they have to focus on building their startup?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is it important to be a graduate in order to become a CEO?
What training/education is required for a entrepreneur?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
Who are some well-known entrepreneurs that graduated form lower tier universities?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Is Elon Musk the most valuable and creative person in the World right now? If not, then who is?
How can I communicate with Jimmy Wales and get his opinion on an idea similar to wikipedia?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
I have a great idea and prototype for the next big dating app, how do I get some to come on board as a co-founder in Dubai?
Our startup is on its last leg and I had a falling out with the founder. What's the process of bowing out and letting go of my shares?
Why does everyone try to be an entrepreneur?
Why don't Mark Cuban or Bill Gates, or someone like them start something revolutionary again one more time?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
How could I create a simple online startup? Includes ideas
How could the discovery of metallic hydrogen effect Elon Musks ventures?
Is it necessary for budding entrepreneurs to get work experience?
Is it possible to sell the shares of an LLP in India?
Would you support Elon Musk convincing President Trump to push Congress to heavily subsidise SpaceX at the expense of NASA?
What startups need to grow?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
Why Elon musk is indispensable?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
Will Elon stays the CEO of Tesla after he met the engagements he made?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
Do bootstrapped CEOs or founders hand over a visiting card after meeting a VC or Angel investor or co-founder?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
How can a foreign entrepreneur be successful in silicon Valley?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
What contact details should I put on my business card if I am a serial entrepreneur?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
Who among Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Elon Musk, and Mark Zuckerberg would you rather have as CEO of your startup company?
Can anyone share with me their own stories of being an entrepreneur?
Is the founder of Uber friends with Gary veynerchuck?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
Was Larry Hoover founder if GD a Muslim?
Should my co-founder be as good and involved as I am into my startup?
How much do the richest founders of CEO in Manhattan make a year?
Is Uber CEO Travis Kalanick a total lightweight?
What are some key differences to keep in mind when recruiting developer/coders versus a cofounder-CTO for an an early-stage technical startup?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Who is the founder of INA?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
What was your experience in meeting Steve Jobs?
How does Jimmy Wales gain web traffic with small start-up websites?
Who are some famous homosexual entrepreneurs?
What exactly Startup is?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
How can one find a co founder who has interest in same field I.e cold pressed juicing?
Is there anyone who is an entrepreneur?
What are some good resources that teaches small businesses and entrepreneurs how to use social media to make a profit?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
Should startups have an office?
How do I become a company CEO?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What are the most important things for an entrepreneur to know?
What are some important things to know about Peter Theil for 1st time startup founder?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
How good would Elon Musk be as president?
Who are some good entrepreneurs to research?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
Which famous entrepreneurs are socialist?
Do I need to go to Harvard to be a successful tech entrepreneur?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
How can I get an idea to start tech company like Elon Musk?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Does Jimmy Wales have a lot of friends?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
Who are the best serial entrepreneurs on Quora?
Is it possible for an average dude to contact Elon Musk? If so, how?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
Can I succeed in tech world as non tech person?
Should I worry about my star engineer getting poached by other companies in CES?
What are the steps that an entrepreneur takes to become successful?
How often do startups turn into multimillionaire companies compared to non-startup companies?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
Who are the best early-stage (seed and series A funded) start up founders in India?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
How much does intelligence actually matter in terms of being a successful entrepreneur?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
Are you an entrepreneur, and if so, would you mind answering a couple of questions?
Did Steve Jobs know people would become addicted to his company’s creations?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
Do you think Steve Jobs got enough credit for the iPhone?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
As a startup founder/software developer/VP of Engineering/Product Manager, how do we stay updated about the latest research that help in our product?
What is your experience with entrepreneurship?
What do you think of Elon Musk's plans to launch Donald Trump into outer space?
Why do entrepreneurs need to be resilient?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
Before becoming a successful entrepreneur or startup founder, what was it like working in a lower role at a larger company that was not your own?
What does it take to be a successful entrepreneur in the fashion industry?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
What does a Non-technical CEO of a startup do?
How do I go from being a researcher to being an entrepreneur?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
How did kanban market itself to drive growth and popularity against competitors?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
How do you define the term startup campus?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Why do many entrepreneurs decline Kevin O'leary's licensing deal?
I own a gym in the UK but want to start an e-commerce or drop ship business. Can someone mentor me with an idea & help me set up for a % of profits?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder to build a startup from scratch?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
Do founders engineer the product by outsourcing and then gather a team, or have an idea gathers a team and all 10 people are founders now?
Why do so many founders not have their first customer?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
I am torn between becoming an entrepreneur and pursuing a PhD. Does anyone have any advice?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
How can founders exchange info about their VCs or angels without stressing the relationship to their own VCs or angels?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
What can governments execute in order to promote entrepreneurial ideas?
How can I find a Sales/Biz Dev co-founder in California?
How long did it take for your first startup to see any revenue?
What is it like to meet Elon Musk when he was in Zip2 or Paypal?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
When looking for a tech co-founder for a startup is it appropriate to ask them to create code to test them?
How has Paytm's massive growth affected FreeCharge?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
When is it acceptable for startup founders to draw a market rate salary?
After SolarCity, SpaceX, Tesla and OpenAI, what's next for Elon Musk?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
Is timing the most important thing in the success of a startup?
Is it possible to secretly own a superyacht?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
Would Uber be better off in the long run if Travis Kalanick were no longer CEO as of February 2017?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Can you list examples of successful non-US and non-EU startups?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
Why does Jimmy Wales always tries to be decent guy?
How can b2b startups identify prospects who are looking for their service as cheaply as possible?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Where were you when you found success?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
What helps an entrepreneur to have better status in society, being a helpful person and philanthropist or having an attitude and command over others?
Is fashion a good industry for entrepreneurs in 2017?
What will you do with just ₹1, being an entrepreneur?
How do I select the best startup?
If people consider Elon Musk to be a founder of Tesla, isn't it logical consider Peter Thiel a founder of Facebook?
How does the co-founding thing work?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
When do you think is the right time for a startup to join an incubator, if at all?
Should I write about Jimmy Wales as an assignment about entrepreneurs my economics teacher gave me? Can Jimmy Wales help me?
What are some unique Internet startup business strategies that work?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
What are some non-tech business ideas you don't mind sharing?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
How can one add value as an non-technical intern to an incubator?
How do I become a revolutionary entrepreneur?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
I have a designed a concept for a plush doll. Should I license it or should I try get someone to manufacture them for me and sell them myself?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
What is the best way to explain a failed startup on your resume or LinkedIn profile?
Do you have a potential startup project?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
Are there any entrepreneurs from Glasgow who want to be interviewed for a postgrad project?
How is to create a start-up scene in a city?
What are the startup industries to watch?
What technical skills can be taught to people with no formal education over a period of a few months, in order to prepare them for great startup ideas?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What should the founder of a growing startup do to ensure that the data he gets is ground level true?
I'm looking for a technical co-founder in Dubai. Where can I find one?
What are some less encouraging examples of failed startup founders? Where are they now?
What is the road that will lead you to be an entrepreneur?
I have an LLC. Am I a startup founder and entrepreneur?
What are the most promising medtech startups in Los Angeles?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
What happens in a divorce in California if a startup founder gets his founder shares issued prior to marriage?
What are some startups that will boom in 2017?
Which movies do all entrepreneurs need to watch?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
How can I handle my startup?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
If persistence is the key to success, why do so many companies and startups fail?
What are some promising Bulgarian startups?
Can Lyft survive as an independent company?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
What is the best way to find a business minded co-founder?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Why does Elon Musk think flying car is a bad idea?
Is it healthy for teens to have a work ethic like Elon Musk?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
How can one find a startup team?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
What do you think made Facebook's founder more famous than Google's founders?
Why are teenagers not encouraged to start their own companies?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
How to Build a marketplace platform with little capital ?
Where does a middle aged retired successful entrepreneur meet younger women in Southeastern Connecticut?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Who is behind the company Zillion and who founded it?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
How is your business scalable?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
What are the top 3 important reports that you look at every month as a business owner?
What mistakes do young founders often make that more experienced ones don't?
What is Jimmy Wales's plan of his life after the age of 60?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
How do you become a tech entrepreneur?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Does it make sense to look for a mentor while startup idea is at inception?
Is it possible to start an online delivery service, without logistics knowledge?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being entrepreneur?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
How does Elon Musk give everything he's got irrespective of what the circumstances may be (*)?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
How can someone become good entrepreneur with less investment?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
What necessary business knowledge does one have to acquire to be an entrepreneur?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
How do I manage the situation when I might be wrong and want some advice but don't want to hear no?
What are the top 5 need to knows for an entrepreneur?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
How do you become employed by startups? How many startups (remote or otherwise) can you belong to at once?
How should I start working for my own startup?
What would you do and react if Facebook wants to buy your start up company?
Who is the original founder of Microsoft?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
What are the typical problems faced by non-technical startup founders with software freelancers?
Are there any startups that have a database of professionals you can search for if you need a service done?
What tools do you use to gamify the involvement of the first friends who contribute ideas to your startup?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
How do solo-founders deal with their startup while pitching for funds?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
How do I get idea for start up i want to be an entrepreneur?
How do entrepreneurs gain customers?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
How does Wanderu make money?
Who are some successful young entrepreneurs?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
How do I get a co-founder when none of your friends suits the co-founder role?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
I want to devote my life to producing things of my design, technology and wealth. Will becoming an entrepreneur be the best course of action for me?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
How many Israeli startups were founded in 2016?
Who is the founder of Chenab Group?
Should I live with my co-founder?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
Is it mandatory for new entrepreneurs to get a CRISIL rating to register as new entrepreneurs at MNRE?
Is figuring out certain universal qualities and desires the key to building a successful startup?
How should I prepare myself to be a startup founder in the UK?
Do you think it's okay for not having a co-founder in startup?
How can I build the foundations of a multi-platform business with no starting capital and insufficient personal expertise?
What kind of people will be born in the future? Will we have another Hitler or Steve Jobs ever again?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
Does an entrepreneur need a network?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
What are some of the better ways to make money off your body besides physical labor or skill?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Are most billionaires just shareholders or "entrepreneurs", in other words, business people who own a lot of stocks? Does it matter how they acquired those stocks?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
How do you learn the skills needed to be a CEO in a startup?
I want to build my start-up but I have no ideas - what should I do?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
If you reach Mars before Elon Musk, what kind of deal would you make with him?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
When you build a website together, how do you divide the titles "founder" and "co-founders"?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
Why are hackers essential for startups? How do they help?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What is the best idea for a one-man internet startup in Healthcare today?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
I want to be an entrepreneur but everyone kills my spirit, what should I do?
As an adult immigrant to America, how did you get started with opening your own business?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
Was being an entrepreneur your first dream? If not, what was?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
How did you find co-founder in just two weeks after applying to Y Combinator?
What kind of co-founders are more likely to cheat the founders?
If entrepreneurs were scientists, who would be what?
Does Elon Musk have house plants? Are they cheery?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What should an enterprise tech founder who is doing all of the selling do to run highly effective webinars?
Why should we go for entrepreneurship?
How do I find new startups to approach with my marketing consultancy?
Do founders and angel investors believe more in Ivy League alumni?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
Did Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk or someone else in this field play video games hardcore?
How do young entrepreneurs build companies without having working experience in the corporate world?
Is this course “MIT’S APPROACH TO DESIGN THINKING” worth for a desiring entrepreneur?
Who is the founder/s of Starbucks Corp?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
How do entrepreneurs find white spaces in the market?
Why is Elon Musk digging tunnels under Los Angeles?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What are the best books for future online entrepreneurs?
I and my co-founder are about to build a product, but we use two different dev stacks, how do we go about this?
How did Elon Musk learn about business?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
What can a 14 year old start doing if he wants to be an entrepreneur?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
Has Elon Musk read the book Red Mars?
I want to start a technology company. Where do I begin?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
How can a convicted felon become successful? (so they won't have to go back down the road of crime)
What should be the tech (IT) developer's percentage in a startup's revenue?
What are the best undergrad universities for one aspiring to be involved in tech startups?
Can I get Jimmy Wales contact information for startup idea sharing ?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
How were the most famous entrepreneurs like when they were teenagers?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
What are the topics a startup founder should follow in Quora?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
How do tech entrepreneurs delegate their ways into wealth?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
How does Uber's pricing model work?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Who founded paper?
What would Elon Musk response be to Richard Muller saying that electric cars isn't the solution to climate change?
How important is it to have a co-founder when launching a startup?
Do you agree with what Kanwal Rekhi has to say about Flipkart founders?
Is there proper age for entrepreneurship?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
Today the CSIR (government of India) announced a 400cr start-up fund. Can we expect more scientists to become entrepreneurs as a result of this?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
How did Jimmy Wales feel about religion?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the future of the EU?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How can one best overcome being a "want-repreneur" to become an entrepreneur?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
Where can I find the right co-founder for my startup www.info4kids.com with right technical and marketing skills?
Is it valuable to join an organization like Vistage or entrepreneurs Organization?
Do you need a team to bring your start-up into the hands of experienced personnel, or can you do it alone?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How did your tech startup grow?
Are there any start up working on 3D Holography?
Who are the founders of Exploring64 Mathematics?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What was the first answer that Adam D'Angelo wrote?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
My startup gives rewards to students in response to grades with the hopes of improving their performance. Would a scientific paper serve any purpose?
What is the best startup you have discovered in 2017?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
What programs recommend me similar to BaseCamp to boost my startup? I need enter in the Silicon Valley ecosystem to raise funds and make networking.
Is Elon Musk a manic?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
How many of you respect Steve Jobs and why?
Can I ask a startup's founder for a capitalization table?
What degree would be most helpful to me if I wish to be an entrepreneur?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
What type of mechanisms can we set up in a two-person startup that can do healthy tie-breaking?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
How much did Elon Musk's ex-wives get in the divorce?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
What are some Elon Musk failures?
If I brushed up against Elon Musk's robe would I be healed?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
Who founded ESPNcricinfo?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
What are Ashton Kutcher’s secrets to keeping productive with all of his projects?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
What are the startups by the alumni of IIFT?
Do you believe that there is an entrepreneurial gene?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
Can you name a few successful young African American entrepreneurs? Preferably Millennials
What are the online courses should I take to become a successful entrepreneur without an MBA?
Would Elon Musk's Hyoerloop concept revolutionize transportation?
Which MBA is preferable if my aim is to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of apps does Mark Zuckerberg use?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
What inspires an entrepreneur to do what they do?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
What are the effective ways to market a Consulting business?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
I am going to start a blog about different inspiring startup stories and want the startup founders to write about there journey how can I reach them?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
What are the best startup accelerator programs in Zurich?
What are some well known companies founded by siblings?
What are some common mistakes that startup founders make when pitching to investors?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk set realistic goals?
What are the common challenges an entrepreneur faces?
What are the best free websites to meet co-founders?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
What entrepreneurs have never worked for somebody?
Is it possible in India also, to become successful billionaire entrepreneur like Elon Musk who got success with his Ideas only ?
Would tech revolutionaries like Jobs and Musk be even more revolutionary today had they attended the m&t program at upenn?
What startups do you think will make it big in 2017 and which are destined to tumble?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Why do some highly academic smart people make terrible entrepreneurs?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
Can become entrepreneur without studies?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
What are best trades in MBA to become a good entrepreneur?
Do you think the reason Elon Musk tried to learn the violin was because Einstein played it?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Where is the start-up hub in Dublin?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
How can find myself an entrepreneur mentor who can guide me?
Are 6 co-founders too much for a startup?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
What or who does Jimmy Wales dislike?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
How much equity should a tech co-founder ask for?
What are the pros and cons of a 4-year-vest and a 6-year-vest for startup founders?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
When an investor provides x% of a start-up's capital, do they earn x% of the profits just like the investors who are also running it?
What do you think about Flipkart and Ola's appeal to the Indian government?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How about a start-up in which a person is entrepreneur to start online charity application in India?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
How do great(busy) people get time to be happy?
I work for a SaaS based startup and just became the sole developer. What do I do?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
Why does Elon Musk sound like he is nervous when he speaks/presents/stutters?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
How much should we have for a startup company?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
If your goal is to eventually start your own company, is it better to work at a startup in the interim?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What is a social startup?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
Can a company have two founders?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
Is Elon Musk boring?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
What startups need to grow?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
What is the status of Elon Musk's Neuralink project?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
What do you know about startups?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What are the successful startups in your region?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Any good names for technical startup?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
How should an entrepreneur build a team?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
How do I make a project of a startup?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
Where's the best place to find co-founders?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How can I become influential?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
How does a beginner make a startup?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
How is your startup going?
What are the problems faced by entrepreneurs in Kolkata?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What is your successful startup story?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
When do you decide to close your startup?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Who are founders of IgluLabs?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
What is the internal opinion at Facebook of Randi Zuckerberg?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Which entrepreneurs would recommend a young person to study for their success and ethics?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
What factors should be considered when choosing a co-founder?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
What are the highest growing startups?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
How risky is it to start your own company?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
How is working for a startup?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
How do you execute well?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
Are there SaaS Product companies in India?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
In the financial sense, how do startups funding and finance take place, from beginning to end?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
Who founded Pataliputra?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
How do I define the success of a startup?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
How should founders vest their shares?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
Why should you start your own company?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
How do founders get paid?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
How do I become a company CEO?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Are there startup learning tools?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
How does Wanderu make money?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
What does Elon Musk look like?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
How much do CEOs make?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
What is structure of CO?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
Who was the founder of sound?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
Who founded mathpix?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
What is an IoT startup?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
How do I write a business model?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
Why do some startups win?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
How much should we value my startup?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What are some successful startups?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
How good is the network at Elon?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
Who is the founder of Acer?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What makes a great startup name?
How should I start working for my own startup?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
What do virtual assistants do?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
Where were you when you found success?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
Have you started your own app development company?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
What is Musk afraid of?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
How many people are on a start up team?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
If your goal is to eventually start your own company, is it better to work at a startup in the interim?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Is Elon Musk boring?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
What do you know about startups?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How should an entrepreneur build a team?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
How do I make a project of a startup?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
Where's the best place to find co-founders?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
How should founders vest their shares?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Who are founders of IgluLabs?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Who founded mathpix?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
How do I write a business model?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
How many people are on a start up team?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
What makes a great startup name?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Have you started your own app development company?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
In the financial sense, how do startups funding and finance take place, from beginning to end?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
How much do CEOs make?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
How much should we have for a startup company?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What is a social startup?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Can a company have two founders?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Does a startup need a CEO?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How good is the network at Elon?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
Why should you start your own company?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
What is the internal opinion at Facebook of Randi Zuckerberg?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do I form a team for my start up?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
Which entrepreneurs would recommend a young person to study for their success and ethics?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
How do founders get paid?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What is an IoT startup?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
Where were you when you found success?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What factors should be considered when choosing a co-founder?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
What are the highest growing startups?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
How is working for a startup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How do you execute well?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What do virtual assistants do?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
What is structure of CO?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
Why does Elon Musk sound like he is nervous when he speaks/presents/stutters?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
What is the status of Elon Musk's Neuralink project?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What books should I read to become a successful entrepreneur?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Any good names for technical startup?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How can I become influential?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
How is your startup going?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
What are some successful startups?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Who was the founder of sound?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
Are there startup learning tools?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
How does Wanderu make money?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
How should I start working for my own startup?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
Are there SaaS Product companies in India?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Who found the batmenton?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
How do I define the success of a startup?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
What startups need to grow?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What is Musk afraid of?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
How much should we value my startup?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
What are the problems faced by entrepreneurs in Kolkata?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What is your successful startup story?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How is virtual assistant useful?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
Which is the best ever startup?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
How do I become a company CEO?
How can I handle my startup?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
How risky is it to start your own company?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What does Elon Musk look like?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
Why do some startups win?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
If your goal is to eventually start your own company, is it better to work at a startup in the interim?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Is Elon Musk boring?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
What do you know about startups?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How should an entrepreneur build a team?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
How do I make a project of a startup?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
Where's the best place to find co-founders?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
How does a beginner make a startup?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Who are founders of IgluLabs?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Who founded mathpix?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How can one empower the startup?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
How do I write a business model?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
How many people are on a start up team?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
What makes a great startup name?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Have you started your own app development company?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
In the financial sense, how do startups funding and finance take place, from beginning to end?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
How much do CEOs make?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
How much should we have for a startup company?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What is a social startup?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Can a company have two founders?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
How good is the network at Elon?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
Why should you start your own company?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
What is the internal opinion at Facebook of Randi Zuckerberg?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do I form a team for my start up?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Who is the founder of HP?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
Which entrepreneurs would recommend a young person to study for their success and ethics?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
How do founders get paid?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
What is an IoT startup?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
Where were you when you found success?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What factors should be considered when choosing a co-founder?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
What are the highest growing startups?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
How is working for a startup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How do you execute well?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
How can one find a startup team?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What do virtual assistants do?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
What is structure of CO?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
Why does Elon Musk sound like he is nervous when he speaks/presents/stutters?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
What is the status of Elon Musk's Neuralink project?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
What books should I read to become a successful entrepreneur?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Any good names for technical startup?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How can I become influential?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Is Smartron startup a success?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
How is your startup going?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
What are some successful startups?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Who was the founder of sound?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
How much should startup founders get paid?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
Are there startup learning tools?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
How does Wanderu make money?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
How should I start working for my own startup?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
Are there SaaS Product companies in India?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
How do I define the success of a startup?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
What startups need to grow?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What is Musk afraid of?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
How much should we value my startup?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
What are the problems faced by entrepreneurs in Kolkata?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What is your successful startup story?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How is virtual assistant useful?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Which is the best ever startup?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
How do I become a company CEO?
How can I handle my startup?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
How risky is it to start your own company?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
What does Elon Musk look like?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
Why do some startups win?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
When will we use Quora?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
What podcast has made you smarter?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
What do investors look for in a founder?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
If your goal is to eventually start your own company, is it better to work at a startup in the interim?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Is Elon Musk boring?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
What do you know about startups?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How should an entrepreneur build a team?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
How do I make a project of a startup?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
Where's the best place to find co-founders?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
How does a beginner make a startup?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
How can I find emails of Vibetrace.com founders?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Who are founders of IgluLabs?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Who founded mathpix?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How can one empower the startup?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
How do I write a business model?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
How many people are on a start up team?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
What was Gordon Miller doing before he started his first company when he was 28?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Who do you think is the most powerful person among Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, the Google guys, and Elon Musk?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
What makes a great startup name?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Have you started your own app development company?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
Is enrolling in GST essential for entrepreneurs?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
In the financial sense, how do startups funding and finance take place, from beginning to end?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
How much do CEOs make?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What is a social startup?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Can a company have two founders?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
How good is the network at Elon?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
Why should you start your own company?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
What is the internal opinion at Facebook of Randi Zuckerberg?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Who is the founder of HP?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
Which entrepreneurs would recommend a young person to study for their success and ethics?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
How do founders get paid?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What is an IoT startup?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
Where were you when you found success?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What factors should be considered when choosing a co-founder?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
What are the highest growing startups?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
How is working for a startup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How do you execute well?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
How can one find a startup team?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What do virtual assistants do?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
What is structure of CO?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
Why does Elon Musk sound like he is nervous when he speaks/presents/stutters?
How can Indians launch a startup in Canada?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
What is the status of Elon Musk's Neuralink project?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What books should I read to become a successful entrepreneur?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Any good names for technical startup?
What do investors look for in a founder?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
When will we use Quora?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How can I become influential?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Is Smartron startup a success?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
How is your startup going?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
What are some successful startups?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Who was the founder of sound?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
How much should startup founders get paid?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
Are there startup learning tools?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
How does Wanderu make money?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
How should I start working for my own startup?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
Are there SaaS Product companies in India?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Who found the batmenton?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
How do I define the success of a startup?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
What's the strangest successful startup?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
What startups need to grow?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
What is Musk afraid of?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
How much should we value my startup?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
What are the problems faced by entrepreneurs in Kolkata?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What is your successful startup story?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How is virtual assistant useful?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Which is the best ever startup?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What podcast has made you smarter?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
How do I become a company CEO?
How can I handle my startup?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
How risky is it to start your own company?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What does Elon Musk look like?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
Why do some startups win?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
What do Indians think about Steve Jobs?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
Is Elon Musk boring?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
Who is Jimmy Wales and what inspire him every day?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
What do you know about startups?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
How can startup founders control fears: out of cash, product adoption, and especially failure?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What kind of co-founders are more likely to cheat the founders?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
Did Jimmy Wales’ Wikipedia account face a sockpuppet investigation?
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What should I do to become an entrepreneur after my graduation?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
How can I be taken seriously as a teenage entrepreneur who has already had success?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
What is the best idea for a one-man internet startup in Healthcare today?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What are the important things for entrepreneurs to do when starting a company?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Which is the youngest company founded in the world?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
As an executive, business owner or a serial entrepreneur, what are your top 3 challenges?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
How does Elon Musk find time to tweet?
What is hindering the growth of entrepreneurs in India?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
Can you name a few successful young African American entrepreneurs? Preferably Millennials
How would you have acted if you were Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
How should/can I become entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
Can I become advocate and entrepreneur at the same time?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What steps can I take to become a nutritionist?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
Is It necessary for a startup or a company that's private to write a letter and indicate the reasons why they close to the public?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Where can I find a template for a technical cofounder offer letter?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Who founded mathpix?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
What is a startup prospect?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
Do startups in China face more or less regulation than startups elsewhere in Asia or around the world?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How can one empower the startup?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
How does an inventor get into start-ups without an entrepreneurial nature?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
How do I write a business model?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
Why was it a bigger deal that the CEO of Uber was working with Donald Trump, but not so much that Elon Musk is?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Should startups have an office?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
How many people are on a start up team?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
Are there any groups in India for aspiring food entrepreneurs?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
How can a civil engineer become entrepreneur?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
According to Jimmy Wales, how will sleep help me excel in life?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
Is Elon Musk a narcissist?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
How can I explain to a newly grad with no startup experience that a 15% equity position for doing nothing other than ideating is very reasonable?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
What makes a great startup name?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Which Indian colleges provide the best support to entrepreneurs?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
Do people like Elon Musk, the late Steve Jobs and Richard Branson know about and watch stuff like Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Friends, movies, and porn like normal people do?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
What title is suitable for a young founder on name card?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Have you started your own app development company?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Why don't Mark Cuban or Bill Gates, or someone like them start something revolutionary again one more time?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
Steve Jobs was a very product-focused entrepreneur. Is this trend outdated, and if so, what’s the "next thing"?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
How much do CEOs make?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
What significant changes would we see if Elon Musk did not exist?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What is it like to work with a Mediocre slogging technical co-founder?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite and most treasured philanthropic moment or act?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What is a social startup?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
How do I become a startup entrepreneur?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Can a company have two founders?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
What are 3 things you must know as a new full-time online entrepreneur?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
What would happen to the USA if Elon Musk became the POTUS?
What are some ideas of startups for a Startup Weekend?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
How important is finding a (investment/entrepreneur) mentor? What are the qualities of a good mentor? How do I find a mentor?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
How many shares and/or salary can I give a Cofounder/CTO? The platform is 70% developed by my paid freelancer web developer.
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
Has anyone asked to work for Jimmy Wales?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What are the demographics/psychographics of entrepreneurs starting tech or other growth-oriented companies?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
Is there any networking events for tech entrepreneurs at Silicon Valley that is held on weekends regularly?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
How do I find a cofounder without losing the idea?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
What can I learn in 10sec about being an entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What is some good advice for startup founders who want to hire and retain the best employees?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
How should I prepare myself to be a startup founder in the UK?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
Is Elon musk's team of SpaceX smarter than NASA?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
How can I be an amazing entrepreneur?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
What are the topics of entrepreneurship?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder to build a startup from scratch?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
What is Jimmy Wales favourite book?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
What should I do if my co-founder is not working as hard as I am?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
How can I get my pending salary from a startup?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
How good is the network at Elon?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
After the startup weekend, should I rebuild the team?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
Does studying for the ACCA help in starting your own business, such as being an entrepreneur?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
How much equity should I get as a co-founder rejoining after a two-year gap ?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Do most startups distribute shares to all of the employees when they are going to the next round?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
Who is world's successful CEO and why?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
Is there any founder or CEO of a well established ecommerce website for clothing and accessories on Quora?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
Why should you start your own company?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
Is it mandatory for new entrepreneurs to get a CRISIL rating to register as new entrepreneurs at MNRE?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
When do you decide to close your startup?
Are entrepreneurs more likely to cheat and gamble?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Who is an entrepreneur and what kind of job does one do? If someone tells me that he is an entrepreneur, what should I understand from that?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
In which sector should you not start a startup today?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
If the entrepreneur’s goal is to monopolize a marketplace, then why do so many people want to start companies in the tech industry?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Who is the founder of HP?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
Can one join a company as an employee while he/she is the director of his/her own company?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
What are Ashton Kutcher’s secrets to keeping productive with all of his projects?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
How do founders get paid?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What is an IoT startup?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
Where were you when you found success?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
If most people you talk to think your startup idea is bad, how do you know whether they are right or wrong?
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
How do I go about registering a startup in India, initially without any co-founders, but making provision for some in the future?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What path should I choose to become a tech entrepreneur?
Is it possible to get funding for a non-local startup if you live outside of US and can't afford Silicon Valley trips? Are there such examples?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
What are the highest growing startups?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
Would any entrepreneurs be interested in meeting in Ahmedabad for food and to talk about business?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
What would Uber look like if Kalanick resigned and Elizabeth Warren were CEO?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
How is working for a startup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
How do you execute well?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
I have an app idea. Which website will help me to find genuine co founder?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
How do I quit a job I just started?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
Is Jimmy Wales, a down to earth personality?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Did Elon Musk really pour 100% of his money into Tesla and SpaceX or he put 1-2 million dollars aside?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
How can one find a startup team?
What role did hair transplant play in Elon Musk's success?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
Which would be a better founder/CEO for a startup company selling air fresheners, Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
What will Adam D'Angelo become if he is not a founder of Quora?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Why does Jimmy Wales not support young teenagers who have entrepreneurship qualities?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What do virtual assistants do?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Which startup founders have court cases against them for erotomania, such as paedophilia or are paedophiles ?
Who founded paper?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
What is the ideal number of directors a startup with $1–10 million in funding will have?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Who are some well-known serial entrepreneurs in Andhra?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
What do all successful entrepreneurs have in common?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
Why Elon Musk said flying car cannot be consider as an alternate of road traffic?
How do I start a company in the United states with a co-founder in India?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
What are some companies or investors, like Lok Capital, that are willing to invest in agriculture startup ideas?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
What is structure of CO?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Can a corporate lawyer explain some aspects of business to a new entrepreneur?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Being a tech-founder, I have zero technical friends to have as a co-founder, How can I find one?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
What should an early stage San Francisco based startup know about paying a full-time remote (outside of US) team member?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
How would Jimmy Wales improve the public school system?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
Where can I find founders who need a remote developers team?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Should I do CA to become an entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
What are the best examples of successful low tech startups?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
When is the right moment to stop a project as a social entrepreneur?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
What are the areas for entrepreneurs in Electronics Field?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Any good names for technical startup?
What do investors look for in a founder?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
Should my co-founder be as good and involved as I am into my startup?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How do I find a co-founder or partner for a startup in Lebanon?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Is group buying dead? Why?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
Where can I find the email of Travis Kalanick, Garret Camp, and the CEOs of Lyft, Postmates and Handy?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
How Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are able to do things successfully, whatever they set their eyes on?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
I'm looking for a technical co-founder in Dubai. Where can I find one?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
When will we use Quora?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What do Indians think about Elon Musk?
What are some differentiating characteristics between Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
How do you appoint and compensate a CTO if he is not a founder director?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
What are some things that entrepreneurs should know before starting a startup?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
For the years that I worked for someone, I was putting on an act, and it was only when I started my own startup that I enjoyed myself. What is wrong with me?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
If there is three quality all entrepreneur should have please tell us your three important quality?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Is Smartron startup a success?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
Why do so many startup founders come from Stanford?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
How is your startup going?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
As an entrepreneur who started out with little money, how did you fund your company?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
An investor sees a team of a startup. Is it a must to give equity to all of them? Can the team members be employed?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
How would Jimmy Wales react if there was an entire wikia dedicated to him, and only him?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
What are some successful startups?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Who was the founder of sound?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
How will a start-up visa work if there are two or more cofounders outside the country?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
Is it a coincidence that some of the most successful tech entrepreneurs attended ivy leagues / great universities?
How much should startup founders get paid?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Who is the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Which IIT has produced the most startups?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
Does Jimmy Wales own a machete?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
Are there startup learning tools?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
How do we respond when sued by ex-founder for unpaid wages in California?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
How does Wanderu make money?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
Can Elon Musk take us to Mars? If so, would it be in a Tesla rocket spaceship?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
Adam D'Angelo, how should I prepare myself so that I can join your company?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
What do you consider to be the most valuable asset in a startup?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
What was the first answer that Adam D'Angelo wrote?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
What other fields of business could use a business platform like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
In which area of agriculture can I become an entrepreneur in North India?
Where do I will get flexible packaging like kurkure and lays chips in Maharashtra and Karnataka?
Why does Elon Musk rent a house?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
How should I start working for my own startup?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
What's inside your work backpack as a startup CEO?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
Can I get Jimmy Wales contact information for startup idea sharing ?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Who found the batmenton?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
What are the problems faced by an unregistered startups?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
Will people now think twice before joining a startup?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
How do I define the success of a startup?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
What is Elon Musk favourite book related to startups?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
Is going to business school worth it to become an entrepreneur?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
Does Quora provide any special access to Jimmy Wales?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
What startups need to grow?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
How does every entrepreneurs ease their life?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
What are the examples of most dumbest startups, that become successful later in its years?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
What is Musk afraid of?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
What is the secret behind coming up with great ideas and how do I learn it?
Would Elon Musk ever venture into Time Machine?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
What would be the best way to get advice from experienced entrepeneurs regarding your startup?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Is JP Maroney the founder of Harbor City Capital, Florida?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
What is the best way to explain a failed startup on your resume or LinkedIn profile?
How much should we value my startup?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
What is your advice for a nontech person starting a tech startup?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
How does a startup founder avoid the trap of babysitting every detail of projects that people are working on?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
As a founder, should I also invest money elsewhere?
How will entrepreneurs spend their weekends?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
What are your points to be considered while starting a Education Start up?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
What is it like to be the CEO of a tech startup without any coding experiences?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
You are a manager and you want to hire a UX designer. How do you choose him?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
What should I do to become a lawyer and an entrepreneur?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
After selling your first startup, site59.com, to Travelocity in 2002, what was the first big-ticket item that you bought?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What is your successful startup story?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
Do Jimmy Wales appreciate Jim Carrey?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
Is Kimbel Musk taller than Elon Musk?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What tinyowl co-founders are doing now after merger with runnr?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
Which MBA is preferable if my aim is to be an entrepreneur?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How is virtual assistant useful?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
What are some successful tech companies across the globe which has solo Founders ?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Which is the best ever startup?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What are the (dis)advantages of having multiple companies doing one thing each (Elon Musk) vs. having one company doing a lot of things (Google)?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
What is the reason you want to build a startup?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
Which entrepreneur do you respect and appreciate the most, and why?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
Why doesn't Elon Musk incorporate a Conglomarate with SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla instead of 3 saparate companies?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What podcast has made you smarter?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
How do I become a company CEO?
How can I handle my startup?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
How risky is it to start your own company?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
Why isn't Quora of all places more supportive of the idea of an entrepreneurial President?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What does Elon Musk look like?
As an ambitious and young entrepreneur should I learn coding?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
Can you be a successful entrepreneur with a non-violent criminal felony in your history?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
Do entrepreneurs need college?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
How was your experience with the Hatchery Summer Cohort at the University of Toronto?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
How much harder do you think your life would be, if you were a startup founder battling government corruption on top of everything else?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
Are most billionaires just shareholders or "entrepreneurs", in other words, business people who own a lot of stocks? Does it matter how they acquired those stocks?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How many startups started after 2014 in India?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How can I deal with sarcastic persons in my Startup team?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
Who is the founder of Chenab Group?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
How do I find startups, non-profits, or mid-sized companies interested in working with students on collaborative coding projects?
Why do some startups win?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
Why do most startups fail before they even succeed?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
Who was the founder of Hindi?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
As a startup founder/software developer/VP of Engineering/Product Manager, how do we stay updated about the latest research that help in our product?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
What helps an entrepreneur to have better status in society, being a helpful person and philanthropist or having an attitude and command over others?
How should I distract myself from good paying job offers a founder of a bootstrapped startup?
How can Mars be "warmed up" as Elon Musk implied during his September 2016 presentation?
How did you find a co-founder/team for your startup?
Which represent you best - being a writer or being an entrepreneur?
What are your experiences in working with startups other than eCommerce or App based startups?
How do you work a lot, like Elon Musk or any CEO, and still stay healthy so that you don’t even get the flu?
How hard is it to make a startup company successful?
Why are most founders from Stanford?
How can I get in touch with young entrepreneurs around me?
How can I successfully date a Pisces guy who is also a triathlete and entrepreneur?
Was Larry Hoover founder if GD a Muslim?
How do you conduct a seminar for all aspirants who wish to be entrepreneurs or masters of their own businesses?
How do you quit school and go straight to university?
What are the best resources for a non-tech entrepreneur to learn coding while building his startup?
We can all agree that starting a new business without market research is dangerous. So why so many entrepreneurs don’t make it?
How can I (as a teen) develop the major skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
I'm the main of 4 cofounders and am about to invest $100k in our startup. What's the best way to structure things so they are fair for everyone?
What are possible (realistic) responses to asking for charity or guidance from a CEO in the limelight whom you have never met but deeply respect?
I'm thinking about traveling for a little bit after finishing highschool to clear my mind and find more friends, where should I go?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP? Whats your opinion?
How can I become intellectual and well versed in things I care about, like Jimmy Wales?
How should I continue with my Kickstarter funded business?
How does one go about finding government grant opportunities for startups in the US?
What makes an entrepreneur choose the area of her specialty?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur without college? If so where is the best place to start?
I want to start my own business, but I'm afraid I will hate the type/industry, what should I do?
Is it possible to start an online delivery service, without logistics knowledge?
Is it feasible and worthwhile for a non-technical startup founder to learn to code, enough to build the software's architecture?
Is it important to be a graduate in order to become a CEO?
Is Elon Musk planning to go to TRAPPIST-1?
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Who would you choose to be your Business Partner and why?
Who are some loner/reserved/no-friends tech founders?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
What tools do entrepreneurs wish to find online?
How much equity can I give from my startup that would still keep me in control when the startup is successful?
What is it like to have co-founded a startup with your spouse?
Are you nurturing young entrepreneurs under your wings?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
Should a generic pharma company be built next to a bulk drug-API mfg. company, and will there be any tech. & environmental issues if they are built next to each other?
What are the successful startups Who made significant contribution to society?
Which banks allow one to open a US bank account for a Delaware corporation as a non-resident?
Can I use the idea of my old company to start a new by removing two co-founders?
What are the basic needs for a perfect startup?
Will Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick be fired for his treatment of a driver?
What is the possibility that Elon Musk will be one of the crew for the new SpaceX moon swing-by mission?
When will Jimmy Wales meet Narendra Modi?
What magazines would Elon Musk subscribe to?
Who are some great under-20 entrepreneurs in India?
How many hours did Elon Musk use to work when he was starting Zip2?
Would you advise going alone or looking for a co-founder when starting a business?
Who are some highly successful technology entrepreneurs who graduated from Cal Poly Pomona?
What problems do you face while running your Startup?
Have you found it difficult to get press for your startup?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for an automobile startup?
How do dev roles in startups change as the startup grows?
Who is the founder of INA?
Would Uber be better off in the long run if Travis Kalanick were no longer CEO as of February 2017?
I want an ex IIT student to be a co-founder in our startup. What are the groups/blogs/message boards where I can post this requirement?
Does Jimmy Wales believe that the internet can be provided free of cost, worldwide, in the near future?
How many cars does Jimmy Wales own and which one of them is his personal favourite?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
When was BWFS founded?
Who is the founder of Carlson?
Who has a better lifestyle: a successful actor or a successful tech entrepreneur?
Do 500 startups invest in single founder startup?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
How do Bill Gates and many other founders maintain control of their companies, even after their shares got diluted to being a minority shareholder?
What questions can you ask wantrapreneurs to help them realize they are not entrepreneurs?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk's remark referring to an impending need for a welfare state due to future advancements Super A.I?
Should all co-founders get a CxO title?
Is it a good thing to never take any life advice from people you don't want to be like and take only from those who you would want to be like?
Will Uber CEO Travis Kalanick be able to effectively lead the company to success after the multiple scandals that hit him and Uber in 2017?
What are some issues black women face when trying to become entrepreneurs?
For a startup, what kind of information about users and market that I need to know?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
What is the scope of the entrepreneurship-based training of NIESBUD? Do they help Indian women in establishing themselves as entrepreneurs?
How big of a problem do you think startup burnout is for startup founders & entrepreneurs?
Why do employees leave startups for big brands?
How and where to find tech co-founders?
I want to start my own start up business in software industry. What should I have to do first?
Is it necessary for budding entrepreneurs to get work experience?
Is fashion a good industry for entrepreneurs in 2017?
What does imagination mean for Jimmy Wales?
Who founded Divya Chetna Satsang?
Where can I find the best entrepreneurs to help me start a company, or to be guided and learn from them?
Is it possible to become a successful entrepreneur in today's world?
What are the benefits and downsides of being the first service provider in a new market?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
What are some of the most pressing problems for startup founders in terms of mental health?
How effective are blogs, white papers and social media for B2B selling with annual contract values of US$ 200K –1 million?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
If you believe that you have a very good idea but are unable to bring it to market, is there a way to profit by selling the idea to someone else?
How does Elon Musk feel about what just happened in Benghazi?
How much equity should I be getting if I am joining a prefunded startup as a CTO (non founder) in India? See details.
How often do startups turn into multimillionaire companies compared to non-startup companies?
Is there a problem with starting a blog without a topic?
What should be the attitude of an entrepreneur among people he is meeting for the first time?
Did great minds like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, have high marks when they were in school?
Which college major teaches you to get the most out of your money?
Did Steve Jobs make fortune on the backs of children?
How can I become someone like Elon Musk?
How can I switch from Infosys to a product based company (where I can do lots of coding) within one year after my Infosys training (98% on programming)?
Can you provide help in finding founders of successful B2C SME businesses?
Who is the founder of Quora and what was his/her purpose of the service?
What would be a good startup/franchise near Nashville, Tennessee?
What are the few amazing stories of Indian entrepreneurs who were college dropouts?
Can you name the students from St. Xavier School, Bathinda who started a company?
Our hurdle is currently distribution of our product. What channels am I missing or should be pursuing to grow our startup without a strategic partner?
What’s the main objective of an Entrepreneur,profit making only or solving peoples problems through the service he or she provides.
What does James Altucher think of Elon Musk?
What might the idea have been in the mind of Steve Jobs before launching the iPhone?
I would like to launch my startup but I do not know enough great people, what should I do?
What are some startups that are working on "Turboxtax for X"?
How good would Elon Musk be as president?
What should I do if I am running out of money in my bootstrapped startup?
How do I start a startup sideways while working in a another company?
How can we bring an end to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
Is it possible in India also, to become successful billionaire entrepreneur like Elon Musk who got success with his Ideas only ?
To what extent do top entrepreneurs share day-to-day business details with their spouse?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
How do I know that I have what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur?
What is the best bachelors and masters for an aspiring entrepreneur?
How much equity should a tech co-founder ask for?
What adds real value to your startup?
Why is Elon Musk digging tunnels under Los Angeles?
How many startups have you worked for/on, so far?
Is Uber CEO Travis Kalanick a total lightweight?
Why are there so many Elon Musk fanboys when all of his current businesses are unproven and may never succeed?
How do I stop comparing myself to other successful young entrepreneurs?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
From where did Rakesh Gangwal founder of indigo airlines got money to start such a big airline?
What things should one keep in mind while pitching a startup idea?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
Should I be an entrepreneur or an employee? I'm 23.
Which of these majors should an entrepreneur chose: Accounting, Marketing, Economics, Business Law, Management, or Finance?
What startups are well known for starting without customers?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
Why did YourQuote founders move to the Himalayas to start YQ?
What's a successful app that was started with little investment, whose founders have a non-tech background?
How much of Elon Musk's success can be attributed to the colleges he went to (Mainly Stanford and UPenn)?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
If you're a small business owner, what happens when your one and only employee goes on maternal or paternal leave?
Who is the founder of onlinerti.com?
Why is everyone obsessed with Elon Musk?
Is it a good idea to give my technical team weekly sessions about entrepreneurship?
What do entrepreneurs think of this chatbot idea?
Is Elon Musk the best innovator to ever live?
What are some tips on becoming successful entrepreneur?
What is entrepreneurial journey?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Can a successful politician become a successful entrepreneur, or can a successful entrepreneur become a successful politician?
How did to pay yourself while running your startup?
Is Upgrad’s business entrepreneur course worth the money and time?
What will you do so that, when you are the founder of your business, you can be a good leader?
What does it take to reach the height of achievement of people like Howard Hughes, Elon Musk, etc.?
What do you consider 'fundamental knowledge' as part of the semantic tree (Elon Musk)?
How can I become intellectual and well versed in things I care about, like Jimmy Wales?
What does Jimmy Wales think about taking a session in any Indian university?
Why do most prefer entrepreneurship?
I'm a new entrepreneur. How will creating systems help me?
Is there a salesforce for single entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk accurate when he says the radiation problems presented by a trip to Mars is "not too big of a deal"?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
Who is the founder of Anonymoushackers.net?
What are behavioral habits of entrepreneurs?
Who is worse, Comstock's founders or Fitzroy's Vox Populi?
Does Elon Musk smoke?
Where have the founding batch of Vedica Scholars been placed?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Is it important to be a graduate in order to become a CEO?
We should one know if he wants to become an entrepreneur?
How does a CEO successfully guide a co-founder into temporarily operating in a role that the startup needs but is not their ideal strength?
How would Elon Musk get on with Tony Stark?
What do Indians think about Steve Jobs?
Why is Elon Musk boring tunnels to tackle traffic woes rather than building flying cars? Tunnels still are constrained by their limited widths.
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
What are the things that a first time startup founder/CEO lacks, that they need some advice for?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
How do I address my co-founder, if he isn't pulling his weight, as stated in the co-founder agreement?
Who are the founders of Webboombaa?
What are your advice you'd give to young age entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk boring?
Are there companies/individuals in Amsterdam that can provide qualified IT leads on a commission basis?
How do you stay in shape as a super busy entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk find the probability of success for his companies?
Would Elon Musk get along with Bruce Wayne?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
What is the best storyline to provide a technical status update to a CEO without the technical terms?
Would Gordon Miller recommend dropshipping to someone who wants to become an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a manic?
What is the best practice for distributing startup equity?
What exactly Startup is?
Is Elon Musk the most valuable and creative person in the World right now? If not, then who is?
How have the largest oil and gas companies not killed Elon Musk?
What is some investing advice you could give a young entrepreneur such as myself who makes 10k a month?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How did Richard Branson choose his CEOs for his many ventures?
What's a good and simple alternative to a shotgun clause in a shareholder’s agreement?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder are as worthy as theirs for a start-up company?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
How do I become an entrepreneur at the age of 19?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
Who is Jimmy Wales and what inspire him every day?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
Discuss the three important themes in the definition of entrepreneurship?
What are some successful entrepreneurship techniques?
What is pain for entrepreneurs?
How does a PM at a startup effectively work with the CEO?
How do I find a technical co-founder?
Has Jimmy Wales ever think of permanently shifting to India?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How do I decide between joining the Google Brain Residency Program or co-founding an AI startup?
How realistic is Elon Musk's intention to have SpaceX make a return trip to Mars in the next 50 years?
What do you know about startups?
I am the only founder of my company, do I need to find an experienced advisor?
What is the best way to escape the 9-5 rat race in 2017 so far?
What do I do if I get to know how to cut costs for a service and charging money is only as security?
How do you act when your co-founder says he feels uncomfortable doing some of his tasks?
Former young entrepreneurs, how did you acquire funding for your first business?
How can I build a successful business as a startup entrepreneur?
For a startup, what kind of information about users and market that I need to know?
Why is Elon Musk so hyped, and how can I have the same hype around me when I become his age?
How far can you as one special person take a startup with only a rock solid idea and your network?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg so innovative?
Why do of all the bodybuilders want to be entrepreneurs (not asking in an offensive way)?
How can startup founders control fears: out of cash, product adoption, and especially failure?
What are the qualities you look for in a co-founder?
How can I get rich without making a tech start up?
Which is a more important skill set for a technical founder to have: the ability to code or the passion and drive to be a leader of a new company?
Which legal entities in India help startups with the preparation of their founder's agreements?
My uncle asked "how can Mark Zuckerberg be successful without attending IIT". What should be my reply to him and many more like him all around India?
How did Steve Jobs learn how to run a company?
What technical skills should an aspiring entrepreneur have?
What are the chances of Jimmy Wales for making a new website?
Would Elon Musk still be known as a genius inventor if he had not attended college?
Who is the founder of Classmates?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
How do I provide entrepreneurship counseling?
I have a very good product idea but I do not want to be an entrepreneur, what should I do?
Why does the West Wing have so many founders?
How do you get entrepreneurship students comfortable with interviewing customers?
What happens to a country when there are too many businesses due to many people wanting to be entrepreneurs and not enough employees on a massive scale?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What were your darkest times as an entrepreneur? How'd you overcome them?
For a promising startup concept, how does one best identify a Co-Founder, secure underwriting, and persuasively gain traction?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Is it easier to succeed as an entrepreneur or an investor?
How old was Elon Musk when he started dating?
What do you do when your founder is upset when you are working on side projects, after hours, because you have no equity in your current company?
How can I become someone like Elon Musk?
How can I switch from Infosys to a product based company (where I can do lots of coding) within one year after my Infosys training (98% on programming)?
How do roles of the CEO and/or founders change in terms of company culture between small startup stage and larger company?
Would the vacuum created under the surface of the earth by Elon Musk’s boring company cause cities to collapse?
If you are a founder of a tech company what should your role be within the (scrum)team? (product owner, dev member of scrum master?)
What is the next Mark Zuckerberg or the next innovator studying now?
How did Mark Zuckerberg create Facebook?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Could Elon Musk become Batman?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
What should I study to be an entrepreneur like Elon Musk?
What kind of co-founders are more likely to cheat the founders?
What are some of the reasons to not start a startup?
Did Jimmy Wales’ Wikipedia account face a sockpuppet investigation?
Is it possible for an entrepreneur to get along with non entrepreneurs? (I talk about ideas, they talk about people & things)
What does Jimmy Wales think about the evolutionary changes in wikipedia with Internet of Things and artificial Intelligence?
How can I find a co-founder for an AI research startup?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What steps does an entrepreneur need to take to become successful?
Which entrepreneurs interview/speech would you recommend to watch?
I co-founded a tech startup and we are building an app. An angel has recently invested £50,000, what is the value of my 40% equity?
Can I become a technical cofounder if I am not strong in programming?
Should I get an entrepreneur mentor?
I'm addicted to menial (but important) busy work tasks. As an entrepreneur, how can I become more effective/productive?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
If you were the CEO of Snapdeal, how would you save your company?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Should I take a semester off to pursue my entrepreneurial ideas?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
Which country is the founder of SHAREit?
How valuable is sweat equity of a co-founder versus the capital contribution (100% of $ investment) of other founding partner?
What is the perspective throughout history on entrepreneurs?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
Why is Elon Musk digging tunnels under Los Angeles?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What actions can I take when my innovative startup idea gets stolen?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
Will Elon Musk be successful in funding his ambitions as an internet service provider from his proposed fleet of over 4,400 satellites through SpaceX?
What type of security does Mark Zuckerberg have?
Why Elon Musk did not make their companies in Canada?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What's better for a city-by-city growing food startup - leasing/building own distribution centers or franchising?
What are similarities between Adi Shankrachaya and Swami Dayananda the founder of Aryasamaj?
What would an entrepreneur minded animal carry with themselves? What characteristics do you see?
What advice would you give to a new entrepreneur?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
If everyone became an entrepreneur, who would work in the 9-5 jobs? Is entrepreneurship just a fad?
Who is the founder of Contentmart? And how did he found it?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What is the best entrepreneur course in India?
What should I study at university to become a tech founder?
What are the things to consider when starting as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to structure a Canadian tech startup with one real founder and other contractors paid through stock options?
How do I make a project of a startup?
What degree will maximise your chances of becoming an entrepreneur based on statistics?
How should a brand new education tech startup establish itself in India?
What are the best resources for a non-tech entrepreneur to learn coding while building his startup?
What would be the percentage of my share as a founder and non-investor?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
What's the best way for a new CEO of a financial company in Manhattan to make $50 million in one year?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
How much of Quora does Jimmy Wales own?
Why is Stanford considered as the breeding ground for entrepreneurs when Harvard has produced better entrepreneurs?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the initiatives that you would undertake if you were the CEO of a company?
Investors won't put money in a startup with an inactive shareholder. What would be a fair solution for my co-founders, if I want to quit?
What are the main challenges in the development of a Palestinian startup ecosystem?
What should I do to become an entrepreneur after my graduation?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
Is there any social network for entrepreneurs?
What do you think of Snapchat’s CEO Evan Spiegel?
Why don’t respected and successful entrepreneurs who are millionaires or billionaires want to be in politics?
Who is smarter, Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
What makes an entrepreneur choose the area of her specialty?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Did someone break Jimmy Wales' heart?
Who are some famous women entrepreneurs in Hyderabad?
Did Elon Musk learn programming?
Will getting engaged/married hinder an entrepreneur's productivity?
How do I become an entrepreneur?
What is the Sanskrit name for a bag business?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
What was your main motive for becoming an entrepreneur? Was it money, learning, lifestyle, passion, impact on the world, prestige, life experiences, etc.?
Can I know about agricultural entrepreneur Rahul Gala?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
Why is Elon Musk so well received?
Are there any teen entrepreneurs out there in India?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
How many girlfriends has Elon Musk had and when did he have them?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO in India?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
What are some small business ideas for a developing country?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
What are some well-known startups from the Middle East region that have high chances of being acquired by well-known companies from the US?
Did you "Mark Zuckerberg" anyone like you stole credit?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
Can you use Ancestry.com for a commercial business doing genealogical research?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
What experiences in your young adult life led you to become an entrepreneur?
I’m a minor partner at a company founding an early-stage startup. How much of a share should I ask for it as CEO?
Which banks allow one to open a US bank account for a Delaware corporation as a non-resident?
What is wrong with a co-founder agreement like the one below as part of an employment T&C?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which industry needs the most training but is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are the basic qualities of a successful entrepreneur?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
What is the net worth of an entrepreneur?
Am I a cofounder if I joined a startup three months after its incorporation? I would like to mention that there was nothing besides the name of the company on documents when I joined.
Our gaming startup is expanding. We are thinking about opening a 2nd office in Atlanta. What are good reasons to have a Startup in Atlanta?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
Why do colleges make students focus on becoming employees rather than entrepreneurs?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Do you think Elon Musk will pursue neural lace?
What will Elon Musk do after the new battery technology invention by John B. Goodenough and Maria Helena Braga that makes his Gigafactory redundant?
Gordon Miller apparently sued Steve Jobs for over 50 million. Why is it not on the internet like all of Steve Jobs’s other lawsuits?
Who is the founder of WordPress?
What might be considered a good eCommerce software for a newbie?
If a cofounder is CEO and has 50% shares and he left his role but stayed as a partner, does he keep his percentage or just a part of it according to vesting rules?
Can an MBA student be a successful entrepreneur?
How can I be taken seriously as a teenage entrepreneur who has already had success?
Who is the founder of INA?
What do you dislike most about Steve Jobs?
Should I dropout of college to do business?
What is the required investment in order to get started as an entrepreneur?
What is your best piece of advice for young entrepreneurs?
How can a founder strike a balance between an investor and his employees during a crisis period?
Can I make a co-founder of my business a shareholder and not a director?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
What subtle points in a pitch presentation can cue that the entrepreneur is beating round the bush?
What is the best idea for a one-man internet startup in Healthcare today?
Would a billionaire meet with a passionate entrepreneur seeking advice for 10 min. of his time, out of the kindness of his own heart?
What is Jimmy Wales' mantra for success?
How does a beginner make a startup?
What do you do when you get stuck with your startup? When do you give up?
Why does an entrepreneur suck?
Where does entrepreneurship start from? What would be some of the best advice to an aspiring entrepreneur?
Is it a must to follow MBA to become an entrepreneur?
What are the important things for entrepreneurs to do when starting a company?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
Should there be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of start-up entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like yourself?
What computer games does Jimmy Wales play?
What happens when a founder treats seed money as the goal rather than the means to the goal?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Which is the youngest company founded in the world?
What are the qualities that a person who wants to become an entrepreneur must have?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What mistakes do first-time entrepreneurs make that more seasoned ones don't?
What does Jimmy Wales think of gathering enough 'clicks' for WikiTribune in order to gain traffic?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk's remark referring to an impending need for a welfare state due to future advancements Super A.I?
Did Elon Musk invent the neural lace idea?
Has Elon Musk ever talked to Trump about climate concerns?
What inspired its founder to start Quora?
How can I prepare me to be a young entrepreneur?
When does Jimmy Wales use Quora?
Is there anyone here who knows about Tumi Project Runway? Why are IT guys leaving their full-time jobs & joining this business to become entrepreneurs?
Which psychological characteristics do you find imperative in determining the success of an entrepreneur?
Is fashion a good industry for entrepreneurs in 2017?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
Are tech start up entrepreneurs mostly a bunch of Well meaning neoliberal libertarian anarchists who are only interested in making billions?
How much money would the founder of Walmart be making in a day if he was still alieve?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
As an executive, business owner or a serial entrepreneur, what are your top 3 challenges?
How can a person with a sound financial family background get funds for a business without any help from their family?
How much equity is reasonable to ask for if I am not investing any capital in a startup but am a co-founder with major responsibilities and no salary?
If I want to become an entrepreneur, what should my major be?
What are some of the challenges you faced as a young entrepreneur?
Where can an aspiring entrepreneur find good investors in India?
As a CEO, what additional responsibilities do you have?
Is there any point in launching a startup which competes with MailChimp?
How does Elon Musk find time to tweet?
What is hindering the growth of entrepreneurs in India?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
How should founders vest their shares?
Is there any platform which has all the speeches, interviews, articles and information related to famous entrepreneurs, leaders and celebrities?
How do most first time entrepreneurs get capital?
Can you name a few successful young African American entrepreneurs? Preferably Millennials
How would you have acted if you were Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk’s Neuralink project?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What is the level of success for an entrepreneur?
Why doesn't Elon Musk start a company and accelerate the development of nuclear fusion plants?
Is Mark Zuckerberg egoistic?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are the most popular majors that successful entrepreneurs study other than business?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
When will Elon Musk step back from Tesla?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
In what areas was Steve Wozniak self-taught?
Who is the the most successful entrepreneur in the world?
Does Elon Musk review every employee's resume?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What's missing from Vietnamese startup scene to really take off?
How does one become a professional software developer if a computer science degree is a waste of money?
I would like to launch my startup but I do not know enough great people, what should I do?
Should entrepreneurs go for MBA?
How should/can I become entrepreneur?
What are some of the most ludicrous questions entrepreneurs ask themselves to force extreme business growth thinking?
Do Steve Jobs, Elon Musk and Bill Gates have any redeemable qualities that make them likable? Why do people like them?
Can I become advocate and entrepreneur at the same time?
What are some sites that have a good onboarding process, including collecting the personal data of users?
What are some mistakes that Elon Musk made when he was 17-23?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
If there is one recommendation that new startup ecosystems should learn from Israel’s growth, what would it be?
How do I define founding stakes in a new company?
How should I present my requests to my co-founder?
I'm 26, passionate about making positive changes around the world. How can I afford a Supercar?
Where does Elon Musk get licenses from for his jobs like sending rockets into space and digging tunnels?
Is Elon Musk more intelligent or hard-working?
How often do multibillion dollar firms' CEOs check their stock’s value every day?
What are the education requirements to become a fashion entrepreneur?
Should there be a penalty for a startup CEO if he screws up something?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How should a founder respond to being introduced to an angel over email?
What is a heart-centered entrepreneur?
What is so amazing about Elon Musk's new Tesla Solar Roof?
Where can I find out more info on Elon musk new company neuralink?
Which are the best 'non-mainstream' entrepreneur blogs you read?
How has Alibaba continued to grow?
What advice would you give to upcoming entrepreneurs?
Why do Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have different views on AI?
What is your advice for a 20-year-old engineering student for building a startup?
What is the dumbest deal done by an entrepreneur?
Which sites are the best to gain startup and entrepreneur knowledge for quiz?
Does Elon Musk care about the stock price of TSLA?
What are the advantages of an effective SEO for entrepreneurs?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
How do I deal with my Christian co-founder who says he doesn't want to be unethical and cunning in business?
Did Steve Jobs fully appreciate the extent to which he changed the world before he died?
How can Mars be "warmed up" as Elon Musk implied during his September 2016 presentation?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
Can I keep working on my own startup while working in a corporate job as well?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
Can you be an entrepreneur if you don't have money?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
Do you invest in young entrepreneurs from India?
Who is the founder of Schwechat?
Is Elon Musk the greatest visionary to ever exist?
What is the framework of thinking that works for you to identify a great business opportunity?
What SaaS customer service tools does your startup use?
Is creating an open letter a good way to send your message to a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur?
Are there any Payroll Service startups to come out of YC or TechStars?
What are some examples of for-profit non-tech social entrepreneurial ventures that have solved social issues and made founders a healthy profit?
What is a good college to go study to be an entrepreneur?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I switch from a startup to a PhD?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What steps can I take to become a nutritionist?
What is a list of Stanford dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
Is there a way to get Hubspot Sales Pro for cheap if we're a bootstrapping startup co-founded by a student?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Can you put president and CEO on your business card?
What are the smartest, craziest and 'out of the box' startup ideas you have heard of?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Is Alexa skill development a great opportunity for entrepreneurs?
Does gender divide still exists specifically in traditional fields? Is it one of the main reason why women choose to become entrepreneurs?
What makes a tech startup "elite"?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
Is It necessary for a startup or a company that's private to write a letter and indicate the reasons why they close to the public?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Where can I find a template for a technical cofounder offer letter?
Can you get a good job after a failed startup that you founded?
What's the Long Island startup scene like?
How did Steve Jobs’ business affect his life and society?
Who founded mathpix?
Does Elon Musk not know of the new hyped graphene element and its possible impact on the future of the world, especially solar?
When did you give yourself the first raise as a startup founder?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
Is Elon musk the greatest innovator right now?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Who would you choose to be your Business Partner and why?
What is a startup prospect?
What are the qualifications of Elon Musk?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Can someone with an IQ of 95 be as successful as Elon Musk?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What is the fastest between learning to code or finding a great co-founder?
If an entrepreneur from outside Israel wants to partner with similar entrepreneurs in Israel, what are some good ways to find them/network?
What books should Asian entrepreneurs read?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
What skills are needed to become an online entrepreneur?
Who are some people, like Elon Musk, who are trying to have a lasting impact on humankind?
Is it illegal to enforce a founders shareholder agreement among the co-founders of a startup in India?
What startups have been founded by Caltech alumni?
What kind of data analytics would be helpful for an entrepreneur?
What is the possibility that Elon Musk will be one of the crew for the new SpaceX moon swing-by mission?
What do you think of an eCommerce Android app where users are notified only by push notifications with no emails at all ?
What made Elon Musk an innovator?
Do I need a co-founding developer for an Uber for X business?
For entrepreneurs, how is it possible to get funding from other countries?
How many hours did Elon Musk use to work when he was starting Zip2?
Who do I need support from to become an entrepreneur?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for an automobile startup?
What did you do after you dropped out to become an entrepreneur?
What are the 5 conferences in 2017 that every entrepreneur must attend?
What are some good start-ups to work for in Pune?
Do startups in China face more or less regulation than startups elsewhere in Asia or around the world?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
Is Elon Musk nearsighted?
Is Elon Musk single as of April 2017?
What should be the minimum startup equity for an entrepreneur for the entire startup journey?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
My startup failed. Can I write off my 50% of sweat equity as a business loss?
How big of an influence was/is/will be Nikola Tesla to Elon Musk’s past/present/future?
How can you protect a business idea when you need to bring people in for their technical skills, or maybe as a co-founder?
Can a blogger say he/she is an entrepreneur?
What are the views of Jimmy Wales about Pakistan?
Should Apple buy Tesla and make Elon musk the CEO?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
How is the young entrepreneurs’ council?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Do you think Elon Musk will be able to handle more fields than he is already in?
What are some books that entrepreneurs (e.g. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc.) swear by?
What do you (personally) do as an entrepreneur?
Is being an entrepreneur overrated?
How can I get into VMC founders batch for droppers?
Can only streetsmart people become successful entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk the second coming of Christ?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Where does Elon Musk find his inspiration?
To be an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, should an Indian CSE engineer do a management course? Which course and from where?
What do Elon Musk's colleagues think about his involvement in multiple businesses?
Should I contact others CEOs of successful startups to look for advice or guidance to build my startup?
Does Jimmy Wales have a financial interest in Wikitribune, along with the motto to fix fake news?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How have you become complacent as an entrepreneur and did you find the cause of it?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
How often do online store owners think about growth-hacking? What is the hardest part, and why?
What are the knowledge requirements for a young entrepreneur?
Where did Elon Musk get his undergraduate degree?
What are the chances of success in online entrepreneurship?
Which ancient Indian techniques can be helpful to a startup to be successful in a long run?
When is the show "S3-Startup Synergy with Sridhar" being launched in USA?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
How do I go about starting up, with a co-founder who does not want to work in the startup?
Who is the founder of Cyient?
How can one empower the startup?
Is the title "CEO" overused these days?
I'm overwhelmed with freelance workload, how can I find a potential co-founder to help?
Is a technological attitude neccessary for a successful startup?
When (and how) should I introduce KPIs to the employees of my tech startup?
How does an inventor get into start-ups without an entrepreneurial nature?
If you're a new online entrepreneur, would you be willing to be a beta tester for my new online course?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
So many companies have been found guilty of illegal practices. Then why do these companies insist on having employees without any criminal background?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
How do I write a business model?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
Why was it a bigger deal that the CEO of Uber was working with Donald Trump, but not so much that Elon Musk is?
How can I use an entrepreneurs’ ecosystem? What is it used for, and how can I choose the programs and events to be involved in?
What is Gary Vaynerchuk like in person?
What are five common mistakes that are normally made by entrepreneurs?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Where can I find ambitious and industrious entrepreneurs who are interested in joining my MLM?
Should startups have an office?
What odds would prevent an aspiring entrepreneur from learning how to make 3.2 million on demand in 7 days?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What should an aspiring entrepreneur keep in mind while learning economics?
Where can I find a technical co-founder?
Which college major teaches you to get the most out of your money?
Who do Indians need more - serial, social, or lifestyle entrepreneurs?
What's next for the founders of Snapdeal?
How can I get Jimmy Wales’ number?
Why are startup entrepreneurs afraid to ask for help?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
How did Elon Musk think that 'the boring company' would work out?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
What are entrepreneurship foundations?
Is Elon Musk a reductionist?
How many people are on a start up team?
Who are important people to follow regarding futurism besides Elon Musk?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What should I do if I am running out of money in my bootstrapped startup?
Are there any groups in India for aspiring food entrepreneurs?
How does it feel to be the founder of Wikipedia?
Why are some successful entrepreneurs and investors not fans of the lean startup method?
What are your friends’ views about your start-up plan?
What are pros/cons of being a cofounder? What are the financial/legal liabilities especially if the startup fails?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What is the best advice you can give to a startup founder/CEO that gets heavy funding ($100 million) and needs to scale?
What are some tips for entrepreneurs looking for fundraising in 2017 and beyond?
How many types of entrepreneurs are there and their market share?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah?
How do you learn the skills needed to be a CEO in a startup?
Being an entrepreneur, I'm thinking of opening a Montessori school. What are the basics to start with?
How do people who run their own startups think I should I start one?
Should I find a new co-founder, or do it alone?
How can a civil engineer become entrepreneur?
Who is/was the world’s youngest entrepreneur?
Are there any cheap/reasonable/free shipping available from overseas to Canada for e-commerce?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
What views does Jimmy Wales have on teen startups, especially computer stuff?
What does it truly mean to have a 4% stake in a company?
We haven't gotten an investor yet, and a co-founder (20% shareholder) has decided to quit and took down the website and is holding our IP hostage. What are our options?
What things make up a CEO's day that makes it so long?
Does Trello only have 70,000 paying customers?
How is Elon Musk able to think out of the box & implement commercially?
What should the candidate CEO of a start up ask before joining?
According to Jimmy Wales, how will sleep help me excel in life?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
Who is the founder of GBWhatsApp?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What's the biggest mistake entrepreneurs make when trying to connect with you online or in person?
What startups are well known for starting without customers?
How​ do you compare Nvidia’s founders’ cards to other companies’ own cards to see if an Alphacool Aio water cooler is compatible with a non-founder’s card?
Why do the founders have no voice in Flipkart?
If Jimmy Wales had never become the founder of Wikipedia, what other route would Jimmy possible have taken in life?
How can I alert Elon Musk to my open letter to him on 33rd Square?
What are some online go-to resources for startup founders and new business owners for things like legal, finance, tax, HR, etc.?
Would you say that Mark Zuckerberg is a good guy or doing good things?
How much technical knowledge do founders need?
Are there any solid must-know knowledge sources (courses or references) for start-up/entrepreneur success?
I want to work at Elon Musk's new Neuralink company when I graduate college (which should be in 3–4 years). What should I do to get there?
What is your best marketing advice for an entrepreneur who is from technology background?
Is Elon Musk a member of the adviser panel for the new American government?
As a young person wanting to be an entrepreneur, where do I find people to make social/business connections with?
Why does Gordon Miller insist founders to fund by themselves?
How did James Altucher succeed at his first startup?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Was Larry Hoover founder if GD a Muslim?
Does Elon Musk have a life coach?
How can you find a cofounder located in Buffalo, NY?
What is required to be a startup entrepreneur?
What is an inspirational story of an entrepreneur who navigated harrowing roadblocks to get a vision or dream started?
Can a foreigner be a co-founder of a company in the US?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
I am not able to perform at a startup I recently joined. What should I do?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
We can all agree that starting a new business without market research is dangerous. So why so many entrepreneurs don’t make it?
How do you know if it's worth working with a partner in a startup?
Why does Snapdeal founders own only 6.5% whereas Flipkart founders own 15% of their respective companies?
Who is the founder of Accor?
Is Elon Musk a narcissist?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
How can I explain to a newly grad with no startup experience that a 15% equity position for doing nothing other than ideating is very reasonable?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Why did Jimmy Wales cite "Wikipedia" as his employer when donating $2,700 to the Lessig 2016 primary campaign?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
What were some of the creative ventures of Jimmy Wales before creating Wikipedia?
What key skills must a tech startup team have in order to succeed?
What is the best way to answer "Why would you drop your position as a startup company founder and CEO and apply for this job”?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What do you think is the biggest obstacle entrepreneurs face?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur without college? If so where is the best place to start?
Do you agree that Elon Musk wouldn't have become who he is today without being in the US?
Why does Jimmy Wales prefer not to be very wealthy?
What websites does Jimmy Wales visit regularly?
How important is loyality when you are an entrepreneur?
How can I meet co-founders of startups in Delhi or Gurgaon?
What does Jimmy Wales think about before starting a new business? What are the driving factors/parameters?
What does Jimmy Wales think about starting a Civic Tech political party?
Can I use GoDaddy to host my startup?
What's the best way to become a successful entrepreneur at 16 or 17 in America?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Is Elon Musk a figurehead?
What makes a great startup name?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
Is passion and not the effort, essential to be a successful entrepreneur?
Which Indian colleges provide the best support to entrepreneurs?
Why are people here on Quora so obsessed with Elon Musk? You do know you can be the next, far better inventor than him if you try. Right?
Do people like Elon Musk, the late Steve Jobs and Richard Branson know about and watch stuff like Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Friends, movies, and porn like normal people do?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How do the millionaire tech entrepreneurs live?
What are the educational skills you need to create a startup?
Why isn't Elon Musk as famous as he should be?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
What advice would Adam D'Angelo give to other young entrepreneurs who want to start their own companies?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
Who is the founder of the company Alexander, Miller & Associates?
What title is suitable for a young founder on name card?
Do successful entrepreneurs generally suffer from optimism bias?
Can we draw parallels between Elon Musk and Ayn Rand's portrayal of an ideal man?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
How can I get in touch with cofounders of phixman.com?
How can I find a successful mentor that will mentor young entrepreneurs?
Where do start-up founders prefer to stay, luxury hotels (like The Peninsula) or new-style hotels (like Icehotel)?
Do you reach out to celebrities or famous people to see if they are interested in joining Quora (Elon Musk, Katy Perry, Tim Cook)?
How has Elon Musk set the bar so high?
Does Jimmy Wales play Grepolis?
Have you found it difficult to get press for your startup?
Suppose a CEO owns 51% of the company. What will happen to the 51% stake if the CEO goes to jail?
Would Uber be better off in the long run if Travis Kalanick were no longer CEO as of February 2017?
What do you really need to do to make a startup successful? What do you need to do to make your product live and other jobs?
How does Jimmy Wales feels when he see memes about him?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
Is it harder to become an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley now because of the rising cost and demand?
What is the difference between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs? Which one of the two is great?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
I would like to invest in a startup and take on a CEO role. Where do I look for these opportunities?
What are the important factors in detail that one has to look before starting a startup?
What do you think is the single most important skill of an entrepreneur?
Why did Jack Ma co-found the company with 18 founders?
Does going to a B-School really matter for entrepreneurs?
What is the best way to not be fired as a CEO?
Why is Elon Musk less famous than Mark Zuckerberg?
How was your experience has a startup founder on Founder Institute?
How can Elon Musk own and manage Tesla when he never studied automotive or electrical engineering?
How do I invite SolarCity (Elon Musk & crew) to my country for a Solar Farm project?
Who are some very young yet amazing entrepreneurs?
In a company, what factors decide the stake of each of the members in a company?
Have you started your own app development company?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
As a startup founder, when did you hire your first data analyst/scientist?
Who are the best entrepreneurs with their occupation?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Why do technology startup founders resist business development & professional selling & depend on highly unreliable 3rd parties for lead generation?
What is the craziest idea behind success of a startup?
What do you think of my startup company name? Its called Clicklize.
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Why don't Mark Cuban or Bill Gates, or someone like them start something revolutionary again one more time?
What will be the conversation when Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk meet each other?
As an entrepreneur, how did you get funding for your startup?
Is it normal practice to amend the terms of a corporate agreement, even if they're in line with the term sheet from the side of the founders, or is it a bad practice?
What should I pay attention to when I'm proposed to become a co-founder?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
Will Uber CEO Travis Kalanick be able to effectively lead the company to success after the multiple scandals that hit him and Uber in 2017?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
What are your must take trainings as an entrepreneur?
How have the scientists and management experts looked at the entrepreneur?
Has the IJN Akagi been found?
Are overnight jobs the way to go for aspiring entrepreneurs?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
Is it necessary for budding entrepreneurs to get work experience?
What's your guess on Elon Musk's true character?
Steve Jobs was a very product-focused entrepreneur. Is this trend outdated, and if so, what’s the "next thing"?
As a co-founder of a failed startup, what skills did you lack at the time that would have helped save your business?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
During all three funding rounds, what percent of the company should I ensure myself and my co-founder?
Will there be another rock star tech exec as great as Elon Musk?
In the financial sense, how do startups funding and finance take place, from beginning to end?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
How isn't WikiTribune not getting enough popularity whereas Jimmy Wales is the main leader?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the role of a co-founder? Is it possible to register a business before hiring a co-founder?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How does Adam D'Angelo envision Quora's future?
What would be the best starting and ending lines for a speech on Elon Musk?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into TechStars?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
When the founder of Facebook meets the founder of Quora now, how will they react? Won't they feel like they are in different time zones?
You wake up and realize you are Elon Musk. Would you make any different investments?
Is Elon Musk unique in human history for having designed major innovations in multiple fields and also directly contributed to their adoption?
Is there any college topper who is a founder of a successful company?
Do CA courses enable you to become a good entrepreneur?
Who founded Pataliputra?
Where does Elon Musk get his research from?
Do you think Elon Musk is kicking himself because he messed up and picked going to worthless Mars instead of life supporting Enceladus?
How do a ex-wannabe co-founders feel when they know the business they've been asked to join but turned down actually became a hit later on?
How much do CEOs make?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Who is the founder of Dealorcoupons.com?
How does a stock option work at an internal startup? What should I expect asked as a founder?
How should you approach other entrepreneurs if you are young or inexperienced?
What significant changes would we see if Elon Musk did not exist?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
Our hurdle is currently distribution of our product. What channels am I missing or should be pursuing to grow our startup without a strategic partner?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
How does Richard Branson structure his companies to be run by someone else as the business matures?
How does Jimmy Wales define what life is?
How does “Gordon Miller” has time to spend on Quora being an entrepreneur?
What are some tips to help me become successful?
What's your startup and how's it doing?
How do E-comm entrepreneurs become successful?
What are some of the Q&As an entrepreneur should read on Quora?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
Do tech entrepreneurs focus on being great entrepreneurs or great engineers/coders?
How did Elon Musk started Tesla and how did he met the cofounders of Tesla?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Is formal management education necessary in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
Why should I be selected for an entrepreneur’s workshop?
Are there any serial entrepreneurs on Long Island?
How can one meet Jimmy Wales for a chat in London?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
How do you define the startup stereotype?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
Should a 23 year old that has never coded work to become a technical founder or persist more with finding a technical co-founder?
What would you want to learn from the CEO of your company?
What is it like to work with a Mediocre slogging technical co-founder?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Can I be a startup entrepreneur without a Master in Entrepreneurship?
What is Jimmy Wales' favourite and most treasured philanthropic moment or act?
What are the pros and cons of single-founded and co-founded startups?
What exactly is Quora and how should I use it as an online entrepreneur?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
When interviewing a job for a startup at an early stage, what questions should you ask the founders?
Who are some tenacious entrepreneurs or inventors to have found success after especially challenging obstacles?
How do I get people from a particular industry to become advisers in my startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
If Flipkart is making losses, then how come founders are getting rich? What is broken?
As a Co-founder, can I withdraw a salary from my startup in India?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What is a social startup?
If Elon Musk brings The boring project to India, how much success would it be?
How do I become a startup entrepreneur?
What top qualities does a startup CEO have?
How do the Elon Musk communication dept. manipulate the mainstream media?
Can a company have two founders?
What is the best tech stack for entrepreneurs to learn?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
How important is it to do an MBA in order to realize one's dream of becoming a successful entrepreneur?
What did Quora founders do in the early days of the start-up to attract followers?
Who are some amazing teenage entrepreneurs?
What are possible (realistic) responses to asking for charity or guidance from a CEO in the limelight whom you have never met but deeply respect?
What kind of reports do VC and angel investors ask for from startups post funding?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why isn't Elon Musk worried about the massive earthquake that is long overdue in LA and Southern California for his The Boring Company?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are the similarities between Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
What are 3 things you must know as a new full-time online entrepreneur?
Is it true Elon Musk makes a lot of money from failed attempts?
Is the startup name 'CoolGarten' good?
How does one go about finding government grant opportunities for startups in the US?
Would studying finance help me become wealthy if I am an entrepreneur?
What's the difference between an entrepreneur and a CEO?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
How do I convince people to work on my startup idea?
What are the best ways for a non-technical founder to asses the scale of the problem and the technical expertise required to solve it?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Which organisation provides grants for micro-entrepreneurs in India?
What influenced you when you decided on the name of your startup?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there who found their company with a vision that their children and grandchildren will be able to work there one day?
What should I do with a founder who doesn't do anything while a startup is heading towards failure?
What does an aspiring entrepreneur need to know about GST?
What tools do entrepreneurs wish to find online?
What is it like working for Gary Vaynerchuk?
How well did Caltech prepare you to be a startup founder and CEO?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
Who is the founder of Parikrma?
What other Indian homemade food like pikkal pappad can make me a successful entrepreneur?
Can you help me find passionate entrepreneurs?
Should a generic pharma company be built next to a bulk drug-API mfg. company, and will there be any tech. & environmental issues if they are built next to each other?
What are the skills required for 21st century business success?
What are the troubles faced while running a tech startup in education industry in India?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
Who would you prefer to work for? Elon Musk or Steven Jobs? Why?
Do you believe having mentors play an important role in one’s career/life. If yes then do you have any mentors. Also how you connect with them.
What are the five online marketing basics for entrepreneurs?
Which mistakes have you learned the most from as an entrepreneur?
When will Jimmy Wales meet Narendra Modi?
What ideation processes, if any, have you found mostly successful?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly got the intellect?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Does a startup need a CEO?
Will Elon Musk become one of the most influencial human beings in the future?
What problems do you face while running your Startup?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
How do you handle a cofounder who keeps talking about equity when the business has not even started?
Will Y Combinator consider admitting startups with a co-founder who overstayed their visa given the new startup parole will be effective in July 2017?
Is entrepreneurship more about creating a product or a lifestyle?
What would happen to the USA if Elon Musk became the POTUS?
What are some ideas of startups for a Startup Weekend?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
How is it that Elon Musk's idea of digging tunnels in the San Andreas Area even remotely considered a good idea?
What are the things I will really gain in an MBA degree? How much should this help to become an entrepreneur in the future?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Do electrical engineers make good entrepreneurs?
How does Quora's founder gain from what he founded?
What are some experiences where someone found a co-founder for their startup without having had a prior relationship?
How important is finding a (investment/entrepreneur) mentor? What are the qualities of a good mentor? How do I find a mentor?
What is the importance of entrepreneurial competencies?
I am technical co-founder of a startup and I believe that my effort and skills are not valued as much as my money inputs per our stakes. Is it fair?
Why is Gordon Miller being regarded so highly for his entrepreneurship?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Who are the successful entrepreneurs who have started their business without money or investments from others, such as Richard Branson of the Virgin Group? What is their experience and how can they guide us?
How many shares and/or salary can I give a Cofounder/CTO? The platform is 70% developed by my paid freelancer web developer.
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Are there any billionaires who are willing to give 1/50 of their fortunes to aspiring entrepreneurs in training to invest in their startups?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
Why is the genius tag attached to Mark Zuckerberg, but not to Evan Spiegel, Jack Dorsey, Kevin Systrom or Jan Koum?
I've hit a plateu as an entrepreneur. How do I get into 7 figures?
How would you create value as a non-technical cofounder at a deep/pure tech startup?
How can I plan a successful startup at the age of 60?
Has anyone asked to work for Jimmy Wales?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What do you want to be, an entrepreneur or an employee?
Why aren’t the founders of Costco billionaires?
Who is the founder of Peddle Art?
What are the demographics/psychographics of entrepreneurs starting tech or other growth-oriented companies?
Is it possible to become a successful entrepreneur in today's world?
What is the best choice: being the best employee or the worst entrepreneur?
How was your experience as a startup founder or co-founder in dealing with the VC and angel investor negotiations?
What are some of the most pressing problems for startup founders in terms of mental health?
From where does Elon Musk get fantastic ideas?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
Is there any networking events for tech entrepreneurs at Silicon Valley that is held on weekends regularly?
Do you want a technical co-founder?
What should I consider when I incorporate a startup in Canada with a co-founder who is in India?
Who was the founder of Church's Chicken?
Should money be a motivator to pursue something?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Who is the founder of Acer?
What was Craig Good's relationship with Steve Jobs?
What are the achievements of Elon Musk?
Who is the Steve Jobs or Bill Gates of your country?
Is Elon Musk a Superman?
How do I find a cofounder without losing the idea?
How much equity should I be getting if I am joining a prefunded startup as a CTO (non founder) in India? See details.
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
How do you conduct a stake out?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
In an age where everybody wants to be an entrepreneur, how do employers make employees stick with a company?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
How do I find co-founder/s who love reading a lot?
What were the aims in life of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Elon Musk? Did they dream of what they are now, or did it happen naturally?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
What can I learn in 10sec about being an entrepreneur?
Does Jimmy Wales engage in philanthropy?
What is some good advice for startup founders who want to hire and retain the best employees?
What learning paths and implementation techniques did Adam D'angelo and Mark Zuckerberg follow to learn to code?
What is Elon Musk not good at as a CEO?
Do you think that Elon Musk has the correct vision for Space-X?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Do you think of Baba Ramdev as an entrepreneur?
What entrepreneurial skills do you have that helped you set up Quora?
Why is it that 8 out of 10 entrepreneurs who start a business fail within the first 18 months? A whopping 80% crash and burn. Why?
What are your best tips for technical CEO cofounders to be great at management?
Why are MBAs presumed to be better entrepreneurs?
How can you make benefit by putting a programmer in touch with an entrepreneur?
Should entrepreneurs stress about finding their passions if it does not come to them naturally?
Where can I find partners to work with to bring my startup idea into reality?
How should I prepare myself to be a startup founder in the UK?
Who should I discuss my entrepreneurial ideas with first?
How do I start a startup sideways while working in a another company?
Where did Mark Verstegen, founder of EXOS, go to university? What is his educational background?
To what extent do top entrepreneurs share day-to-day business details with their spouse?
What are the challenges that overseas entrepreneurs face in India?
What is Elon Musk's stake in Tesla?
If I want to develop a startup from level zero, what steps should I take?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Why does Grant Cardone say 90% of his success can be attributed to scientology?
Should I become an entrepreneur or dermatologist? Why?
Is it possible to become an entrepreneur and a businessman through trading in different countries?
What are the basic necessities to begin a startup?
How much equity should my potential co-founders have who say that they'll join full time once the company starts making a particular amount of profit?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
What is the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs are making?
From where did Rakesh Gangwal founder of indigo airlines got money to start such a big airline?
Is Elon musk's team of SpaceX smarter than NASA?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg write on Quora?
If you could could get advice from someone who is super successful (think Elon Musk, J. K. Rowling, Bill Gates), what question would you ask them?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
What is Mark Zuckerberg mission’s during his two-year stay in Africa?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
What inspired Jimmy Wales to start Wikipedia? Had he created any precursor to Wikipedia?
I'm a co founder in a Startup? The other two co founders have known each other for years. How do a sustain this 2:1 ratio in opinion?
How can I be an amazing entrepreneur?
In the first 12 months of Wikipedia's operation, what was the ratio of edits by Larry Sanger to those by Jimmy Wales?
Would you consider yourself an entrepreneur? Do you take a salary from Wikipedia funds?
How hard is it to make a startup company successful?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikipedia?
How can I successfully date a Pisces guy who is also a triathlete and entrepreneur?
What was Elon Musk like at Queen's University?
Do former philosophy students comprise a disproportionately large segment of Silicon Valley's elite?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Why should entrepreneurs come to Canada? What makes Canada a great destination for entrepreneurs?
Will Elon Musk fund my project if I email him?
Does age matter for being an entrepreneur?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
Is Elon Musk as ruthless as Steve Jobs?
Should I be working on developing a specific skill as a university student hoping to become an entrepreneur?
What are the topics of entrepreneurship?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Why do people don't care to steal ideas?
How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder to build a startup from scratch?
How did Gaurav Munjal find his co-founders for his current and previous startups?
Is it wrong not to ask about Wikipedia-related question in Jimmy Wales’ question session?
As an entrepreneur, what advice might you give to the founders of sktcho.com?
Is there a list of Gordon Miller's previous entrepreneurial ventures and their respective valuations?
What is it like to be a 23-year-old founder and CEO?
What advice does Jimmy Wales give to youth in their 20s?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
How do I learn to trust potential co-founders?
Which programming language should an entrepreneur learn to create an MVP?
How much would Elon Musk pay for A.I. if he could be the first to have access to it?
Does Elon Musk take part in what SpaceX, Tesla and Neuralink make and invent, as an engineer?
Where should I pitch my ideas?
What is Jimmy Wales favourite book?
Is being an entrepreneur the most potentially lucrative job?
What type of businesses do entrepreneurs who travel do?
Which books are kept on Elon Musk’s desk?
What should I do if my co-founder is not working as hard as I am?
I will dropout after 12th standard to build a startup but there is a constant fear of failure in my mind, how do I overcome it?
How can I get my pending salary from a startup?
What activities, which are currently only performed in the scientific community, can I commercialize like Elon Musk has with human space travel?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
Are there smarter/more intelligent people than Elon Musk? If yes, then why aren't they rich and famous like Elon?
Has Adrian Lamo ever been approached by Elon Musk to safeguard his IP?
What are the current constraints on the growth of the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Has Elon Musk ever cheated anyone in business?
What are your favorite by entrepreneur?
What are the characteristics of Successful startups?
How good is the network at Elon?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
What’s the net profit/month for startup founders, and how many years/months did it take for you to get here?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
What are the similarities of entrepreneur and intrapreneur?
Can I use the idea of my old company to start a new by removing two co-founders?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
Should a co-founder pay legal costs for breaking a non-compete?
Do you agree that startup founders must sacrifice almost everything they have to focus on building their startup?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are the best books for entrepreneurs who work from home on a computer and are involved in running multiple businesses and startups?
How does Elon Musk decide whether work should be done in-house or outsourced? What criteria does he use?
Who is the optimal co-founder for a person who wants to be the CEO, has an idea for a product, and knows how to code it?
How much equity should I expect as the 1st employee (market rate salary) and founder of a tech startup to get the 1st prototype out?
Is data selfie by Hang Do Thi Duc a startup?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
After the startup weekend, should I rebuild the team?
What would be Amit Ghosh's advice to an Indian teen who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
You are locked in a secure room with Elon Musk and Richard Branson for 30 days. What would you ask them?
How do dev roles in startups change as the startup grows?
What books have helped you as an entrepreneur?
Are bad management and a narcissistic founder good reasons my startup might be headed for failure?
What do you think about Gary Vaynerchuk?
How many projects is Elon Musk embarked on?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
Does studying for the ACCA help in starting your own business, such as being an entrepreneur?
What is the best startup idea for young entrepreneurs in India?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
When was BWFS founded?
Who has a better lifestyle: a successful actor or a successful tech entrepreneur?
I have a great start-up idea in India but don't know how to take it further. Where and how should I setup my goals to make it successful?
Where is the start-up hub in Dublin?
Can I know exactly what is a startup?
How Elon Musk brings investors?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
What are the best ways to recognise opportunities as an entrepreneur?
Who is the Mobike founder?
Can you be a great entrepreneur if you are bad at project management?
How much equity should I get as a co-founder rejoining after a two-year gap ?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
How do I become a technology entrepreneur?
What is YOUR philosophy for Entrepreneurial Success?
How do you avoid burnout of key employees responsible for scaling a startup?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some essential start-up skills that every founder should have?
How can I start a future tech startup?
Facebook was founded by five people. Why it is that Mark Zuckerberg is the CEO & not any other?
What is an entrepreneur lifestyle?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
Did the severe bullying that Elon Musk received in school contribute psychologically to his present entrepreneurial make-up?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
Do most startups distribute shares to all of the employees when they are going to the next round?
Is Elon Musk the most influential person in 10th-21st centuries?
How does Elon Musk organize his time so that he can work 80 hours a week?
If a co-founder left his role but he has some shares according to vesting rules, is this share affected later if a new partner or investor comes in?
Why do employees leave startups for big brands?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
How do I work every waking hour like Elon Musk?
Who is world's successful CEO and why?
What's one of the greatest struggle online yoga entrepreneurs face?
What does Jimmy Wales think about yoga and meditation? Have you done it before? If not, would you like to?
Inspired by Elon Musk, I want to make an online payment app. How do I start?
Which are the activities and books that can help me to be a successful entrepreneur?
Elon Musk famously had five fields which he thought would affect the future of humanity, when he was 22. If you were to choose yours now, what would they be?
Is the story of being an entrepreneur the same as shown in the TV series Pitchers?
How much should an entrepreneur offer to a seed investor in returns?
Who are some famous tech entrepreneurs that are atheists?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What is Elizabeth Muller's advice to make use of a corporate career to build a future one as an entrepreneur?
What field in business requires more entrepreneurs?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
Why are companies much richer than their founders/CEO's?
How does Elon Musk feel about what just happened in Benghazi?
Is Elon Musk considered the "slow kid" in the billionaire’s club?
What are the nationalities, or ethnicities having the most entrepreneurial mindset?
What the top 20 entrepreneurs in the world answered, when they were asked how they became successful?
What traits do Elon Musk and Steve Jobs have in common?
Is there any founder or CEO of a well established ecommerce website for clothing and accessories on Quora?
As an early stage startup, how do you share code with new employees without risking him/her copying the entire code and spinning up their own server?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
What day did Steve Jobs die?
What do you think about microfinancing as a way to help developing-world entrepreneurs get started?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What kind of a role does EQ play in startup teams?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
What subjects did Mark Zuckerberg study, and how can I be like him?
How does Income Tax Law in India treat startup founders whose equity is subject to vesting by compulsory repurchase within vesting period?
What things should entrepreneurs really think hard about in 2017?
I currently have half the amount required to pursue my startup idea. What is the best way to acquire the remainder of the money?
Why should you start your own company?
How can one initiate a relationship with an abroad startup in order to integrate their product in his country?
What is an entrepreneurial book that changed your life?
What's the best entrepreneurship project?
My startup is from Pakistan. My partners have proposed that we should setup a new company in the UK. Is there any benefit/issue? Any views on this?
What do you think Elon Musk will do with Neurolace?
Is it mandatory for new entrepreneurs to get a CRISIL rating to register as new entrepreneurs at MNRE?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
What inspired the creation of Elon Musk's various endeavours?
When do you decide to close your startup?
Are entrepreneurs more likely to cheat and gamble?
How can I grow my consultancy that is centered around young entrepreneurs? Goalsja.com
How do I go about entrepreneurship while studying engineering?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
Where will I find people looking for co-founders in India?
How important is an MBA if somebody wants to be an entrepreneur in the long run? What are Gordon Miller’s views on it?
Has there been anyone who is/was building a social networking website to compete with Facebook? How successful were they?
Is it true that all unicorn startups have at least one founder who went to Harvard?
Which one is the best graduate leadership program for an entrepreneur?
Does Elon Musk swear casually while talking?
What makes Elon Musk and Donald Trump so effective on Twitter?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
How does Jimmy Wales feel about the reputation of Wikipedia in schools?
At what point is one no longer considered a regular civilian?
Does Elon Musk have an interest in marine cloud brightening as a climate-engineering technique?
If Jimmy Wales was to partner with Bill Gates, what product would they both develop?
When will Jimmy Wales star in a Hollywood movie?
What is entrepreneurship and what is a start-up? How would you compare both of these?
Does the Indian government accept business startups only if they are registered as a sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited liability, or private limited?
Which of these majors should an entrepreneur chose: Accounting, Marketing, Economics, Business Law, Management, or Finance?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
Which represent you best - being a writer or being an entrepreneur?
How does Elon Musk ask, in order to get the essence of knowledge from people he meets?
How do people who never give up (like Elon Musk) see challenges/ problems?
Is it possible to start a startup with 3 Lakhs?
What are the challenges faced by startups in Malaysia?
How do you make an early startup advisor model more outcome-based and time bound so that you can replace the advisor at a later date if the business needs it?
How do I form a team for my start up?
How should the shares be split when I'm the PDT guy working full-time, but my co-founders came up with the idea, pay me a salary and have the contacts?
Who is an entrepreneur and what kind of job does one do? If someone tells me that he is an entrepreneur, what should I understand from that?
Will Elon Musk actually start boring tunnels under Los Angeles and if so when?
In a startup, do we consider our salaries as cofounders when we calculate the breakeven point? Or do we have to work on it without salaries?
How do you conduct a seminar for all aspirants who wish to be entrepreneurs or masters of their own businesses?
How can I buy out my technical co-founder?
Do you feel the Founder Institute program is valuable?
In which sector should you not start a startup today?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
Which are the most successful African startups?
How and where can I find a technical co-founder for my startup idea?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Why does Jio, despite being a billion dollar company, have such a bad logo?
Are there any success stories of companies working with SAP Startup Focus?
What is the procedure to apply for business under international-entrepreneur-rule?
If the entrepreneur’s goal is to monopolize a marketplace, then why do so many people want to start companies in the tech industry?
Where can I find a co-founder based on industry experience?
How cheap could Elon Musk make batteries?
Who is the founder of HP?
My co-founder has a very needy spouse that takes up their time; they are not as invested as I am. What's the best way to approach buying them out?
Why do many tech entrepreneurs and CEOs not have an engineering major or degree?
Where do I start if I want to make a successful startup in India?
Can one join a company as an employee while he/she is the director of his/her own company?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
How are entrepreneurial competencies formed?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
What are Ashton Kutcher’s secrets to keeping productive with all of his projects?
What is the best suggestion you can give to someone who is trying to make the future a better place by being an entrepreneur in the education sector?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk the greatest entrepreneur of all time?
As we know that around 10% of startups are successful, how much time does it take to properly plan and get a startup running?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
Can Elon Musk do more to combat global warming and despeciation?
Whose job is it to train entrepreneurs?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
I want to launch an entertainment startup. How should I start working on it?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Can I be tech entrepreneur even if I cannot code?
How do I find a coder for my startup idea?
How do founders get paid?
How do you price a co-founder buyout in a startup, before any revenue is generated?
How important is thinking when it comes to understanding and learning like Elon Musk and Richard Feynman?
What are the top biopic which each & every entrepreneur / businessman should watch?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What kind of co-founder or early employee is typically missing from seed stage, Fintech startups?
What are the motivations behind Elon's Musk companies?
What kind of person should you not consider to bring on board as a cofounder at a startup?
What should I master before doing entrepreneurship?
What are some less encouraging examples of failed startup founders? Where are they now?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
How do you find and recruit a cofounder for a startup?
As a boy, Elon Musk participated at a lecture at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. What happened?
Which is the most motivating oneliner for entrepreneurs?
What crowdfunding platforms offer sweat-equity options?
Is Elon Musk the coolest person on Earth?
As a business owner, why did/didn't you build a traditional business like a coffee shop or retail store?
What is the best private entrepreneur blog you've come across?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How can I grow a high-end/exclusive new lounge for young professionals, entrepreneurs, and tech-startup founders?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Can Elon Musk's Neuralink create a cure for cerebral palsy?
What are the best startup colleges in California for entrepreneurship?
How much does a startup CEO in Indonesia make yearly?
What are the best feminin entrepreneur bootcamp?
What is an IoT startup?
What are your 10 invaluable 'suggestions on success' for startup founders?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Who is the founder of I2 Investments? How profitable is I2 Investments?
How can I master in the Java programming and also a successful entrepreneur? but I placed in one company for 6 months of bond
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
Where were you when you found success?
What are the experiences of living in Ireland as an entrepreneur?
If you founded an entrepreneurship school for K-12, what would you want to be taught so that graduates can become a successful entrepreneurs?
How can I set up and develop a profitable and successful CAD Center startup on my own?
What are platforms I can use to connect with people for a startup?
If most people you talk to think your startup idea is bad, how do you know whether they are right or wrong?
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
What types of companies/teams/managers are most likely to hire a recovering entrepreneur?
What should I know about joining an early-stage startup?
Is Elon Musk correct in his opinion that humans are not sufficiently cautious in their development of artificial intelligence?
Sharing an idea on Quora in order to find a co-founder, is it a good idea?
For Ashlee Vance, was Elon Musk's first business venture his hardest to get started as he had the least amount of capital?
What are the best ways to contribute to Elon Musk's causes?
What is the greatest drawback/failure Bill Gates faced in his entrepreneurial career?
I’m a 19 year old college freshman. Should I stay at a growing hedge fund as an intern or join a finance tech startup as a co-founder?
Where does Jimmy Wales get his income from?
What is Elon Musk trying to do in the next decades?
How do I make a website if my business has a huge cash flow? I'm not tech guy.
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a supporter of Donald Trump?
Why does Gary Vaynerchuk always look so worried and unhappy?
Who is the founder of Marianas Web?
How difficult is it for an European to get in contact with Indian CEOs?
What is a CEO? What does he or she do?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamshi working on that will have an impact on entrepreneurs for decades?
How do I go about registering a startup in India, initially without any co-founders, but making provision for some in the future?
What are the founding stages for a startup and their main characteristics, risks, and key points to take into account from an entrepreneur’s point of view?
Is Elon Musk a good man?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What path should I choose to become a tech entrepreneur?
Is it possible to get funding for a non-local startup if you live outside of US and can't afford Silicon Valley trips? Are there such examples?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
How do I deal with the fact that I'm not going to be like Elon Musk?
You are a startup founder with no contacts & have limited capital. Trump knows your problem & gives you the following proposals. Which one is the best?
Where is Bucky Roberts, the founder of thenewboston. com? Is he alive?
What are the basics of a startup?
How can I develope innovative traits as an entrepreneur?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
How can I find a cofounder in NYC?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Where on earth can I get like minds who are ready to change the world through innovations and creative entrepreneurial skills?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
What tools are entrepreneurs using today to capture and progress their ideas?
If my co-founder and I are funding our startup entirely from our own savings, does that mean we're "bootstrapping"?
What qualities do you look for in a first-time entrepreneur? Do you invest in them at all?
Why are entrepreneurs like Jack Ma or Steven Jobs so successful in life? What made them determined?
Will Jimmy Wales add more features in Wikipedia?
What are the highest growing startups?
How do I get employed? I’m 17 and passed 10th; I’m not in need of money but of experiences, as I want to become an entrepreneur.
Would any entrepreneurs be interested in meeting in Ahmedabad for food and to talk about business?
What is your best advice for maintaining healthy co-founder relationships?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
How do young entrepreneurs build companies without having working experience in the corporate world?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
What were all the failures encountered by Elon Musk?
What common threads do you see in founders who have had no previous experience but have done very well?
How can I build the required technical team for my startup while being in college?
Why did Zuckerberg start Facebook?
How much does Elon Musk earn besides the $1 dollar salary?
When closing a company, what are the responsibilities of a CEO?
What are the most important traits an entrepreneur must possesses?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What is the best way to grow my web based startup's online presence?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Have you analyzed why your startup(s) failed?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What practical knowledge do I need for a startup?
If you were a young person today and you wanted to start your own startup, in what field or area would you pick?
How much did Phillips Exeter Academy contribute to Adam D'Angelo's success as a CEO and entrepreneur?
How do I contact Sir Richard Branson with a business idea?
What would Uber look like if Kalanick resigned and Elizabeth Warren were CEO?
Why should teens pursue entrepreneurship?
How is working for a startup?
Who is more respectable, a successful engineer or a successful entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales doing to fight/combat fake news?
How useful is founderdating.com for a startup in need of a CTO/Co-founder?
What would make a good app for entrepreneurs?
What are the usual terms of contract when working as a CEO of a company?
What kind of analytic tools would entrepreneurs need?
Is there anyone who is a Python/Django programmer and wants to turn an idea into reality? I am looking for a co-founder.
What if Elon Musk turns into a super villain?
How can I fairly split equity in my startup?
How do successful entrepreneurs handle the stress of running their startups or businesses?
What are some ways to structure email at a new business with a single founder and an assistant?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
Why are all the top tech companies’ founders American and the CEOs, Indian?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
How do you execute well?
What problem is your startup trying to solve?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the difference between a startup and an entrepreneur?
Is Balaji Srinivasan one of the most original thinkers in Silicon Valley?
I have an app idea. Which website will help me to find genuine co founder?
What should a CEO of a startup learn?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
Why Elon Musk is not interested in GVT (Gravity Vacuum Transit)?
How can I prepare myself to become a successful entrepreneur in the future?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Was Elon Musk born Elon Musk or did he become Elon Musk?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
How do I quit a job I just started?
Was it really necessary for Elon Musk to learn all about rocket propulsion for SpaceX?
Are there any successful entrepreneurs in England willing to mentor?
I'll never be as smart as Elon Musk so what should I do?
How did Bill Gates get his idea of a computer?
How much will a VC pay a startup founder with a good idea so that they can leave their high paying job and continue to support their family?
What should I do as an entrepreneur to create a company valued 1 billion dollars within five years?
How many CEOS are there in the world?
How does Elon Musk stay on top of the latest battery research? http://engr.utexas.edu/news/8203-goodenough-batteries
What are the skills/traits to become a successful entrepreneur in Singapore?
Is there a better candidate for Facebook after Mark Zuckerberg?
How successful do you have to be as an entrepreneur to make 150-200k US dollars/year?
Is Jimmy Wales, a down to earth personality?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Did Elon Musk really pour 100% of his money into Tesla and SpaceX or he put 1-2 million dollars aside?
How do I get an incubator from Startup India? I'm from Tamilnadu, working as a developer, I need an incubator for a research project.
Who is the founder of Shell Oil Company?
Will a desi 'Shark Tank' benefit Indian entrepreneurs?
How can one find a startup team?
What role did hair transplant play in Elon Musk's success?
What does Jimmy Wales have to say about alleged sexism in Wikipedia?
As a female entrepreneur, what were the obstacles you had to face to get to where you are today? How did you overcome them?
What are some places to meet entrepreneurs?
Who are some of the top, most successful Kashmiri entrepreneurs?
Who's space exploration company could be bigger in space in 2 or 3 decades from now, Jeff Bezos' or Elon Musk's?
How do I select co-founder who has very less technical knowledge?
Is Elon Musk really brilliant or just a great salesman and manager?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
How do I find the perfect technical co-founder, like Steve Wozniak, nowadays?
What are the rights of founders in an NGO?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Is Elon Musk the smartest man that has ever existed?
How should I co-found a startup with American partners?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
Which would be a better founder/CEO for a startup company selling air fresheners, Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs?
What are some technical details that non-technical co-founders should know about?
What does it take to be as successful as Elon Musk, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates? How can we bring about a revolution in various fields?
Can you list examples of successful non-US and non-EU startups?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
Does Jimmy Wales feel that he is the saviour of students doing assignments?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Do INTPs make good entrepreneurs?
What are some of the productivity hacks that people like Elon Musk use?
How do the skill sets you've learned from wrestling and coaching help you as an entrepreneur?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
What kinds of solipsism do aspiring entrepreneurs commonly fall prey to?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
What will Adam D'Angelo become if he is not a founder of Quora?
Was historical Stanford, the founder of university, technically a "robber baron"?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Why does Jimmy Wales not support young teenagers who have entrepreneurship qualities?
Will Elon Musk get Mars colonised in his lifetime?
Would you advise going alone or looking for a co-founder when starting a business?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What are some suggestions for finding an urgently-needed co-founder (professional web developer) for my gaming startup in Chennai?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What do virtual assistants do?
Where are Jeff Bezos’ favourite hangout places (private clubs, restaurants, bars)?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Which startup founders have court cases against them for erotomania, such as paedophilia or are paedophiles ?
Who founded paper?
I want an ex IIT student to be a co-founder in our startup. What are the groups/blogs/message boards where I can post this requirement?
Can elaborate startups be successful?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
I'm going to start a business. Would working on projects with another person mean they're a co-founder?
Who are the notable alumni entrepreneurs from IIM Kashipur?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Where does Elon Musk invest his personal money?
Can entrepreneurs explain initial startup issues and solutions for the same?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Is Elon Musk healthy?
Did Jimmy Wales ever have a passion for computing when he was young?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What opportunities/resources are available to people with disabilities who want to be entrepreneurs?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Should you still try to find a co-founder after you develop your MVP on your own?
Why did then-chief legal officer and Uber board member David Drummond tell Travis Kalanick that Google was going to build an Uber competitor in 2014?
What is the ideal number of directors a startup with $1–10 million in funding will have?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Who are some well-known serial entrepreneurs in Andhra?
Why is there little information about the Facebook founders (other than Mark Zuckerberg)?
What do all successful entrepreneurs have in common?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
How is your startup planning for an exit?
How does ISRO feel about Elon Musk/SpaceX launching Falcon 9?
Is Elon Musk serious about starting a tunneling company?
Won't it be easier, cheaper, and more effective to improve LA's public transportation than Elon Musk's boring idea?
What encourages entrepreneurs to go "all in"?
Who are the most successful founders in the medical device space?
Who are the founders of TamilRockers, and what type of background do they have?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Why do people seem to worship Elon Musk on Quora?
What major should I choose if I want to become a food entrepreneur?
Why Elon Musk said flying car cannot be consider as an alternate of road traffic?
How do I start a company in the United states with a co-founder in India?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
If you are a busy entrepreneur, how do you organize your workload? What tools do you use for different tasks?
Are there any great mentors for entrepreneurs in or near Seattle?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
Why didn’t you become an internet billionaire like the other entrepreneurs of your time?
What are some good online platforms for micro-entrepreneurs to sell their goods?
Who are Elon Musk’s top competitors?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
Is there anyone who is similar to Elon Musk in India?
Why is the founder of Google not as famously known as Microsoft's founder?
What is the chance of becoming an entrepreneur with zero communication skills?
If you were to go for a startup, what kind of startup would it be?
What are some of the most annoying start-up/entrepreneur questions on Quora?
How much chance to survive has a person with big ideas, with hardly a financial muscle in entrepreneurship?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
How did a young Steve Jobs get the idea that he would die at a relatively early age?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How did Elon Musk gather all the capital for his ventures?
What are some companies or investors, like Lok Capital, that are willing to invest in agriculture startup ideas?
Did Steve Jobs make fortune on the backs of children?
What business advantages does a country with a lower GDP have?
What's the best entrepreneurship project for now?
Who are the most visionary education entrepreneurs?
What kind of support is available to entrepreneurs?
What does Jimmy Wales think about teachers who discourage pupils from using Wikipedia?
What are some differences between Bill Gates and Elon Musk?
What are the few amazing stories of Indian entrepreneurs who were college dropouts?
What things should I know before starting a tea startup like Chaipoint?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
How/where can I find a CTO/potential business partner who can technically implement my startup idea?
How do I fight depression as a teenage aspiring entrepreneur?
Should I continue my project, even if I find out that it was completed abroad? See details.
How did Elon Musk learn to create software for Zip2?
Why have all the co-founders of 21 (the Bitcoin startup) left the company?
Did Elon Musk ever consider the fact that legitimacy itself may be self-replicating?
What is it like to talk with Balaji Srinivasan?
How should I split the shares from the profit of a website with my co-founder?
Does a founder risk bankruptcy and losing his money in a private company? Doesn't he make a non fluctuating profit?
How did Adam D'Angelo survive without having a job when he left Facebook and started Quora?
Who are some entrepreneurs worth following?
How do I find a tech co-founder for a social entrepreneurship startup that I have?
Who is the founder of the Reserve Bank of India?
How do I find a Co-founder for a food startup?
How well does the work of Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' going?
Who is the founder of kasturidiamond.com?
What is structure of CO?
How do I find successful business mentors who will mentor young entrepreneurs on www.aesp.biz?
Do good companies actually use Hired to recruit employees?
What is the best bachelors and masters for an aspiring entrepreneur?
How much equity should a tech co-founder ask for?
Which highly successful tech CEOs are not belligerent?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
How can I become an apprentice of a successful entrepreneur who earns money online?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
How do I know if my ideas are realistic?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
What is the best business tip for a teenager who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Can a startup studio just build companies and mentor entrepreneurs without investing?
How has the move to more casual clothing in the workplace, particularly in Silicon Valley, affected women?
Does becoming an entrepreneur need debating skills?
Can a first time founder start an enterprise startup?
Why doesn't India have its share of geniuses in the tech field, or any other field for that matter (like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates), as founding leaders or entrepreneurs?
How can I prepare my future customers?
What does Elon Musk think about so many of his staff leaving to work for Faraday Future?
What are Jimmy Wales' ideas about preparing the future workforce?
Which industry should I go into that will generate the most income, as an entrepreneur? I want to live the good life and help others.
How do you deal with a lame founder in a startup before you have a written agreement (Canada)?
Can a corporate lawyer explain some aspects of business to a new entrepreneur?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Can I call my self a co-founder of a company if I officially joined the company after three years since its founding?
How do South Africans feel about Elon Musk?
Should an online startup entrepreneur have knowledge on SEO, and how important is SEO knowledge for any startup?
Would Facebook achieve the same kind of success (or even exist) had Zuckerberg attended a different school?
Is it normal for a friend helping out with startup operational stuff, hoping to be the first employee, eventually to suddenly want to be a co-founder?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
If you believe that you have a very good idea but are unable to bring it to market, is there a way to profit by selling the idea to someone else?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Do you think John Barrowman (Malcolm Merlyn) and Elon Musk look the same?
I'm thinking about traveling for a little bit after finishing highschool to clear my mind and find more friends, where should I go?
What are your biggest time wasters in your startup or business?
What soft skills are needed by an entrepreneur?
I'm looking for a developer to be part of my 4-man startup team. Where do I find one in Singapore?
Do startup founders also consult with mentors after receiving funding?
When would be the right time to exit from your own startup? What would be the best strategy for an exit?
What startup founders were fired by a corporation that they later put out of business?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Being a tech-founder, I have zero technical friends to have as a co-founder, How can I find one?
How do I sustain my startup company when our money is running off? Maybe we need to close it down?
How did Mark Zuckerberg earn money when he started Facebook and turned the website into a billion-dollar company?
Would it be better to find a passion or to develop discipline as a teen entrepreneur?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
Would you find a cofounder for each country in which your SaaS has presence?
Does an online free service needs to be incorporated?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
Can a misanthrope still succeed as an entrepreneur?
Who is the youngest CEO of world?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Entrepreneurs, what would you do differently if you were suddenly 18 again?
How do I make a successful entrepreneur?
Can it be possible to start up a space tech business from a non-technical background?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What are some essential characteristics that entrepreneurs need to have?
What's the correct/professional protocol/method to contact a company?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Is Elon Musk directly involved in innovating or does he manage people who are innovating?
If you could give a startup founder one piece of advice on scaling, what would it be?
Everyone wishes to own a startup today. How do we know ours is a unique and capable one?
Recently I joined Wikipedia as an editor. How does this help me?
Will potential entrepreneurs in coming generations run out of ideas?
What problem did Envato solve, and how did it help entrepreneurs?
What should an early stage San Francisco based startup know about paying a full-time remote (outside of US) team member?
Do I need to be an extrovert in order to be a good entrepreneur?
Is there any successful tech entrepreneur who has no college degree and who learned coding only after 25?
What is the best master’s for an entrepreneur?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
Where do I find a virtual assistant for managing my email marketing?
Who are the youngest and most well-known stock market entrepreneurs in India?
What would be more valuable, a CEO trusted in a slowly growing startup or a particular position in a settled company?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
What are the best resources for new entrepreneurs in India?
What are some networking events entrepreneurs go to in London?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
Have people like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg invested in mind training in order to be successful?
What is the best degree to get to be successful financially?
What CEO/Founders' letters to shareholders are really worth reading, and why?
How would Jimmy Wales improve the public school system?
I admire Elon Musk but what if worthy women could also get the same media exposure as him: do you know such women and could you share their story?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Who are some highly successful technology entrepreneurs who graduated from Cal Poly Pomona?
To become an entrepreneur, what qualifications are necessary?
As female founders, do you find that getting attention from investors and the press is easier because you are in an "acceptable" category?
Why is Elon Musk not interested in wind power?
How can I become as talented as Elon Musk?
Can a billionaire choose to not have a cell phone?
Which is more important - being effective or efficient as an entrepreneur, and why?
How can I find an experienced technology startup entrepreneur?
How can one focus more as a founder of a company when you learn new thing everyday?
What are the important things you need to be an entrepreneur?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
What math do entrepreneurs need?
How many paid journalists will Jimmy Wales and his Wikitribune hire?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
What's the vision of the founders of YourQuote?
What are the ways to get ideas for entrepreneurship competitions?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Did anyone confront Mark Zuckerberg on copying Snapchat?
How can my startup story be as popular as Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook?
What were the books that Elon Musk read to develop his knowledge of rockets?
Is Technology is the only way to become entrepreneur nowadays?
What are the things to be considered that are bad for Startup's founders?
Is Elon Musk going to be the hero of the next generation?
Why did Ripon Regmi start a website TeachRipon.com in his young age of 16?
How does our government help women entrepreneurs?
What is Gordon Miller's advice for students about to begin graduate studies who want to have a future like him as an investor or entrepreneur?
Which place is best among Canada, India, and the US to start a company?
Do you think people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk focus on being the richest people on the Forbes list, or is it not important?
Did you decide to leave your startup?
Where can I find founders who need a remote developers team?
Who is the CEO of Elysium Net Solution?
What makes people like Steve Jobs, so special?
What 2 tips you received as a Startup entrepreneur will remain with you forever?
Should I do CA to become an entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg taking a tour of the whole USA?
Why has Elon Musk's Ted Talk 2017 not been posted online or uploaded as of yet?
What is the advice you would give a budding entrepreneur who is starting a company right after graduation in India?
How many people here are planning to start a new startup?
What may be Vijay Shekhar Sharma's suggestion for new generation entrepreneurs in this era of India when so much is changing consistently?
How and where to find tech co-founders?
Is business development the closest thing to being an internal entrepreneur?
What language should I know before starting a startup company of my own?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Imagine you were to design your own Newbie Entrepreneurs Training Course. What are the subjects you would want to cover to ensure your success?
What are the best examples of successful low tech startups?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What are the weirdest ideas that actually became successful?
What are the social responsibilities of entrepreneurs?
How much a start up CEO makes?
Does Elon Musk have a house in Viera, Florida?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
Is socialism incompatible with (non-social) entrepreneurship?
Is D’Dass an Indian company, and what is known about its founders?
What problems do bootstrapped founders typically need to fix as part of the acquisition process?
What steps should I follow to become an entrepreneur?
When is the right moment to stop a project as a social entrepreneur?
Who are famous entrepreneurs that are also great investors, i.e. Reid Hoffman?
Have any tech entrepreneurs been invited to the Met Gala?
What should be the attitude of an entrepreneur among people he is meeting for the first time?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
Can a co-founder of a company be a minority shareholder? And can he have a say in the company?
What set of skills should I focus as a bachelor degree student now, to be an entrepreneur later?
Where can I purchase turtlenecks like the ones that Steve Jobs wore?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIM-ian?
What are the areas for entrepreneurs in Electronics Field?
Why is being attractive so important to entrepreneurs?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Where can I partner with an entrepreneur online?
What contributes to the success of born global firms?
Who is the founder of Quora and what was his/her purpose of the service?
Any good names for technical startup?
What do investors look for in a founder?
What are some of the startups that have inspired you?
What is Jimmy Wales' role and stand on the lawsuit against NSA?
What is the best way to reach out to strangers and encourage them to use your product/app/service?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
How can I create an app for a startup?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
I have a new software product, but am new to finding angel funding. How do I know when I'm ready to ask for money, and how do I go about doing it?
Should my co-founder be as good and involved as I am into my startup?
Who are some entrepreneurs who had nothing when they came to Mumbai, but now have their own venture and are living their lives to the fullest?
How do I run or launch a startup while in college?
Can people get startup ideas from being Facebook friends with a huge number of entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley/Thiel Fellows?
Should Elon Musk join Quora?
I have a revolutionary technology idea, but I have no money or expertise to realize it. What can I do?
What profiles/accounts should a founder setup (excluding social media) to learn/put themselves out there (i.e. Medium, angel.co, Crunchbase, Hacker News)?
How awful was Steve Jobs as a person?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
What is Jimmy Wales' opinion about Trump?
What does Gordon Miller think about Elon Musk?
Is it true that dropouts are more likely to succeed as a startup founder?
Does Amazon India hire entrepreneurs who have complete experience in running a business?
What types of roles have former entrepreneurs got in funded startups in India?
Which plan do you think is better long term, financially speaking?
Do you think Mark Zuckerberg wil be the entrepreneur of the century in the year 3000?
How would Elon Musk solve the US's healthcare issue?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What is the most successful way you've found to launch your own business and find leads?
What does Elon Musk think about NanoFlowcell technology?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
If Elon Musk were to get a PhD today, what would he study?
Who is the CEO of BETSOL?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
Is there any successful entrepreneurs who taste victory too late?
Why does Elon Musk always dart his eyes from side to side quickly when he speaks?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
Who is the founder of NextThere and TripView?
Is it worth visiting Silicon Valley as a startup from Europe for a single conference?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
Does Gordon Miller regret getting his PhD instead of starting his businesses much earlier?
What does the "Rolodex" or speed-dial list of Jimmy Wales look like? What industries are represented by his closest contacts?
How do I find a co-founder or partner for a startup in Lebanon?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
Are there any non-paranoid people on Quora willing to help a startup founder with some interview questions?
What are some interesting titles for executives at startups?
Is Elon Musk a hands-on technical guru who designs solutions himself, or does he have exceptional judgement when hiring people?
How do I find more partners or a team to work with me on my African entrepreneur startup project (www.aesp.biz)?
What drives entrepreneurs?
Is group buying dead? Why?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How can I find potential startup cofounders in Cambridge, UK?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
Who is the founder of ThesisScientist.com?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
What kind of characteristics/thought processes are extremely successful in people like Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo?
How should I distract myself from good paying job offers a founder of a bootstrapped startup?
Who are the famous & successful young female entrepreneurs in India?
What's the most important advice that Ali Alshamsi can give to young entrepreneurs?
What if Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had been born in a poor community in a third world country? Would they still be successful?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
Who's Pakistan's youngest entrepreneur?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Do I need a professional coaching person/firm as a first time founder and startup CEO?
Would it be wise for a founder/CEO to sell all their shares if the company is failing?
Do I have to take risks as an entrepreneur?
Does your job stay on your mind when you go home?
What does Elon Musk believe in order for him to be so productive and create and run his companies?
How do successful startups handle differences of opinion among co-founders and investors?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
Can Elon Musk recreate his success?
What are the things I should keep in mind when starting as an entrepreneur?
Who is an internet entrepreneur?
What are some personal characteristics of an entrepreneur?
Are there any aspiring entrepreneurs and business-minded people at NMIMS (BBA)?
Where can I find the email of Travis Kalanick, Garret Camp, and the CEOs of Lyft, Postmates and Handy?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How was Steve Jobs fired from his own company?
How much does Jimmy Wales earn every month?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What can I do if the founders refuse to pay for my salary?
What is the best mantra to entrepreneurs?
How Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are able to do things successfully, whatever they set their eyes on?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
I'm looking for a technical co-founder in Dubai. Where can I find one?
Who were the first 5 people you hired by role in the company?
What does Kimbal Musk do for a living?
How many contributors write for Entrepreneur magazine?
When will we use Quora?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What do Canadians think about Tesla and Elon Musk?
How do I know if I am thinking big enough as an entrepreneur?
What startup does Adam D'Angelo look upto in 2017?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What is an entrepreneurial spirit? How can you determine it?
Are there any entrepreneurs out there that are struggling with their health? What is your biggest struggle?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What does Elon Musk think of his portrait on the TV series "Billions"?
If your startup does more than one job, how do you include the both in one single pitch?
Why aren’t any cofounders of any companies from state level colleges in India?
What is the best way to immigrate to the US as an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to connect with entrepreneurs—or people who want to become one—in NYC?
How does Elon Musk differ from other CEOs, like that of Google, because they too manage a lot of things?
Who are the founders and the main shareholders of the World Bank?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
How do I get a chance as a speaker in startup events in Bangalore?
What is Elon Musk's Myers Briggs profile?
Did Elon Musk give Adeo Ressi shares in SpaceX at the beginning in exchange for the help that Adeo provided in starting the company?
What do Indians think about Elon Musk?
What are some differentiating characteristics between Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Do you think Elon Musk's plan for a colony of 1 million people on Mars by 2080 can be accomplished?
How important is it for an entrepreneur to take personal responsibility?
How do you appoint and compensate a CTO if he is not a founder director?
Why did Gordon Miller sue Steve Jobs?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Should a CEO of an early tech startup focus only on the business side, letting the CTO focusing on the tech side?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
How are the two brothers Elon and Kimbal Musk different?
Is Elon Musk a smoker?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
How can I become influential?
I am tired of all Elon Musk questions. Should I quit Quora?
What advice would you like to give future entrepreneurs?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
How much was Jimmy Wales’ contribution in founding Wikipedia?
As an entrepreneur, how often are you wrong?
Where do startup founders get logos and images from for their app/website?
What are some things that entrepreneurs should know before starting a startup?
Is there a group of new entrepreneurs from India on Quora? I want to join in order to ease my problems.
For the years that I worked for someone, I was putting on an act, and it was only when I started my own startup that I enjoyed myself. What is wrong with me?
Should I ask a guy I've trusted for years or spend months finding/building a relationship with a tech co-founder?
What steps are you taking to become an entrepreneur?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Can Jimmy Wales make an Instagram account?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
How feasible/realistic is Elon Musk's underground tunnel project after the release of videos of the tunnel on Instagram?
It is said that one shouldn’t trade their time with money. How can I use my 50K effectively?
What is the best software available for a young entrepreneur?
If there is three quality all entrepreneur should have please tell us your three important quality?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
Does Jimmy Wales believe that the internet can be provided free of cost, worldwide, in the near future?
What are the common traits of successful entrepreneurs?
What are the desirable qualities in a CEO?
How any founding member of a startup can become shareholder without investment but giving initial and later complete technical support?
If Elon Musk says he can spend a maximum of 10 hours per week with his partner, how much time does he actually spend with his kids?
What is Elon Musk’s way of learning according to the First Principles?
Is there any highly successful start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
"Apple is a graveyard for Tesla rejects" isn't this statement by Elon musk too overconfident and cocky?
Why does it take too much time for most startup companies to reply to job application mail?
What is some advice for those founders who are having their companies acquired?
Where can I write about my startup to reach a large number of people?
Can I create a new company so my cofounder that quit no longer has equity in the new company?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
What is a list of MIT dorms/frats rank-ordered by number of startup founders they produce?
What are some bizarre facts about Elon Musk?
What major challenge did Jimmy Wales come across in his entire career?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Is Elon Musk's idea of an electric supersonic VTOL aircraft feasible or even possible?
Why won’t inheritors make a good CEO?
What are the in-person and on-camera social challenges for entrepreneurs earning six figures?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
How can an entrepreneur get a sponsorship?
Did Elon Musk ever attend seminars or conferences on startups during his college days?
How do you begin a start-up company alone in Sydney when you don't have any connections? Can you try venturing without any co-founders?
What are some issues black women face when trying to become entrepreneurs?
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
How should one find a good co-founder and a team for a startup?
What is the biggest problem of Home Business entrepreneurs?
How can I register an LLP if I'm a solo founder?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What is an entrepreneur in the Bihar economy?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
What would you advise a genius entrepreneur with no clue how to get his products live and run the ship himself, if he had to work alone?
Is it wrong when a person with a tech background thinks of quite a non-tech startup?
Where can I find the best entrepreneurs to help me start a company, or to be guided and learn from them?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
Is Smartron startup a success?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Would you lose credibility as an entrepreneur or salesperson if you looked young?
If Elon Musk can build a space company from scratch, why can't India make its own Fighter jets?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
Mark Zuckerberg is talking about 'this could be the first AR street art ever' during the anual developers' event, but I just created it! What should I do?
If entrepreneurs follow their passion, why do they compete when another company comes along?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Elon Musk once said that he feels that most PhDs are not worth it. Does anyone else agree with him?
Why do so many startup founders come from Stanford?
Does Elon Musk have any intention of producing a battery for apartment residents?
How does Pakistan treat entrepreneurs?
How is your startup going?
How do failed startup founders find jobs in India?
Is it true that Steve Jobs developed his cancer in his 20s because of working with computers?
As an aspiring entrepreneur would you pay someone to research resources such as the best networking events & business courses to help you get started?
What should I do to become a good entrepreneur?
Is Mark Zuckerberg a relation to Nate Zuckerberg, a deceased friend of mine, who was the developer of "Zuckerberg's Terminal" in Saddle Brook, NJ?
Who are some of the most renowned entrepreneurs with an MBA?
I'm 17, without economic's skills, I've got the opportunity to study in a prestigious school but I want to become an entrepreneur. What should I do?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
Does Elon Musk take finasteride?
Can George Hotz's comma.ai compete with Elon Musk's Tesla Motors in the near future?
What is the significance of the founder of Gmail?
As an entrepreneur who started out with little money, how did you fund your company?
How can I be a good entrepreneur on my own?
Is Elon Musk taking a lot on his plate with Neuralink and The Boring Company? Shouldn't he concentrate his efforts on Tesla and SpaceX completely?
Which books should a person have to read to get to the same level as Elon Musk or Bill Gates?
Why are there fewer female entrepreneurs than male entrepreneurs?
Is joining an early stage cannabis/marijuana SaaS startup a wise career choice?
Does getting fired, even unjustly, make it hard to become an entrepreneur in the same industry?
What’s the main objective of an Entrepreneur,profit making only or solving peoples problems through the service he or she provides.
With SpaceX, Tesla, Solar City, Neuralink, and PayPal, will Elon Musk be remembered as the most important human of all time?
How do you give a cofounder equity using accelerated percentages based on commitment and time?
Why do most developers dream of building a startup even if it's a repeated idea?
How do you solve the size problem in a dress rental service?
What was your most frustrating moment as an entrepreneur?
Is it possible in India also, to become successful billionaire entrepreneur like Elon Musk who got success with his Ideas only ?
Do startup founders lose their day-to-day lives while working on their startups? Yes, I know their work is their fun.
What are the guidelines for an INFP to succeed as an entrepreneur and CEO?
Is Elon Musk smarter than Bill Gates?
How does a founder remove himself from a nonprofit?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Would anyone want to partner with me on my startup to connect gamers across Delhi?
What are the most important things a 25-year-old should know to be a successful entrepreneur?
What are Various steps for becoming a successful entrepreneur?
Why are Amber Heard and Elon Musk not going public about their relationship?
What challenges do young entrepreneurs face in Kerala?
How are dropout founders viewed in an industry where everyone is specialized in their profession and hold degrees?
What are the must read threads for SaaS startups and entrepreneurs on Quora for 2017?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Elon Musk says "If you need inspiring words, you should not do it". Do you agree?
Why did you become an entrepreneur versus growing a corporate career?
What are the top three things to be aware of while switching from being an employee to an entrepreneur?
Will Elon Musk make electric lawn mowers with the Tesla technology?
When does an MBA make sense for someone working on the tech side of a startup? What about the non-tech side?
Have you ever left a 9-5 job to start a company? If so, what is your leap story?
Why is Elon Musk still unheard of by many Indonesian city people?
Why aren't Chris Sacca and Travis Kalanick on speaking terms?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
An investor sees a team of a startup. Is it a must to give equity to all of them? Can the team members be employed?
How do I negotiate my salary in an MNC if I worked for a startup with a low salary and a 10% company share?
Who are the best entrepreneurs who were formerly in the military?
How do you work a lot, like Elon Musk or any CEO, and still stay healthy so that you don’t even get the flu?
How can I get in touch with young entrepreneurs around me?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
How would Jimmy Wales react if there was an entire wikia dedicated to him, and only him?
Why to have a co-founder when you can have a mentor for startup?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
What percentage of founders who've raised money in Silicon Valley have ever turned a profit?
Are company founders satisfied with their work?
Why is it that Jimmy Wales is not so famous amongst most Indians?
Will Jimmy Wales tell me how I can download an offline version of a Wikia?
What are things Jeff Bezos can do that Elon Musk could never do?
What about the company name ‘next' founded by Steve Jobs in the market now?
Did Steve Jobs get less idealistic in the way he marketed computers over time?
What are some successful startups?
Are there any prominent psychologists who became entrepreneurs?
How do solo-founders deal with their startup while pitching for funds?
Is it easier to become a millionaire founder or a millionaire CEO?
Is Elon Musk an INTJ or INTP? Whats your opinion?
Tech start up of 3 co-founders looking to bring on a CTO. He has requested 10% non-diluting equity vested over time, should we do the deal?
How should we split equity amongst a founder and a single investor?
What can we learn from Steve Jobs in the lost interview from 1995?
How hard does Elon Musk work?
Who is Erroll Graham Musk?
If you could be the CEO of one of Elon Musk's companies, which would it be?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Who was the founder of sound?
What would happen to a Non-technical founder who has a successful sales career after failed startup?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What does a successful, smart and already wealthy tech-entrepreneur look for in a women whom he would want to marry?
What does Jack Fraser think of Elon Musk?
How will a start-up visa work if there are two or more cofounders outside the country?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
Where can I find documentary videos about entrepreneurs?
How much equity can I give from my startup that would still keep me in control when the startup is successful?
Is it a coincidence that some of the most successful tech entrepreneurs attended ivy leagues / great universities?
How much should startup founders get paid?
who are 50 lesser known Indian entrepreneurs who are doing exceptionally well?
What are the challenges that face young entrepreneurs?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
How are numbers important for an entrepreneur?
What is Jimmy Wales' favorite Indian book?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
Is there any company which is ruined by only CEO's negative comment?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
Who is the founder of Advocatespedia?
What skill should an entrepreneur have?
How can I find a CTO who wants to be a co-founder (getting stocks but no salary) of an existing startup and who knows React.js and global JavaScript?
What are some things that Jimmy Wales invented that you don't think the majority of the public knows about?
Can Elon Musk take loan using Tesla shares as collateral?
What is the best way to thank the founder of Quora?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
How did people like Sergei Brin or Elon Musk get their citizenship? How can foreigner start a startup in USA?
Can an MSME-registered organization call itself a government-registered organization?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What is the Sanskrit name for entrepreneur business?
What are the steps to become entrepreneur electronic?
How do founders manage their involvement in multiple businesses?
Elon Musk has merged SolarCity and Tesla Motors. What is the rationale behind this and does it stand a chance?
What do we have to do to become an entrepreneur?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
Do you have any practical advice for entrepreneurs?
How can you identify the best co-founders to your startup?
What are some successful tech companies that were founded by non tech people?
Who is the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Is the Forbes Women's Summit worthwhile to attend as a tech female founder?
Who are the co-founders of StayBay.in?
How can I meet entrepreneurs on quota who lecture?
What is the next move after I get 1400 subscribers to my event startup MVP as the sole non-tech founder?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
Who are some of the most successful CEOs?
Elon Musk didn't go to class and only read books. Do geniuses go to class?
How do I talk with cofounder?or tell about my idea?
Which IIT has produced the most startups?
Are good Monopoly players good entrepreneurs/investors?
Is it too late for a person to found a startup if he's completed his PhD (or MS), i.e., can they be very successful founders of companies?
Why is everyone so obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg?
What are the online courses should I take to become a successful entrepreneur without an MBA?
Will Jimmy Wales send me some money if I need it to pay my university fee?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Why do you believe that you will be a successful entrepreneur?
What are some early signs to recognize your startup is in trouble?
What should be the mindset of an entrepreneur?
For a young entrepreneur, is it better to approach a cold email with an ask, or simply advise/survey?
According to Milan Aryal, what is an entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk a great physicist or businessman?
If a founder has the option of creating their startup in Israel or the US, what are the factors that should be considered when making the decision?
What is the best way to find co-founders for a social entrepreneurship for profit in India and particularly at Kolkata?
Startup founders all admit that recruiting and human capital are key concerns for them, so why don't they take any steps to build a solid hiring strategy?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Does Elon Musk have a girlfriend?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What minor things do entrepreneurs focus on that hinders growth?
What are the main mistakes made by young entrepreneurs?
Hypothetical: would you rather aspire to be like Elon Musk or Donald Knuth? And why? Which one's life and lifestyle do you aspire to more?
What does imagination mean for Jimmy Wales?
What are the basic business insurance policies that a software startup company needs?
Who founded Divya Chetna Satsang?
How smart will Elon Musk's Neuralink employees have to be? Do they have to be at the level of Hertz Fellows/OpenAI/MIRI researchers?
Does Jimmy Wales own a machete?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are some important things for start-up of a chemical industry?
Who are some entrepreneurs I can talk to?
How does one start up as a FBO?
Tired of using Ceridian for my business, any alternative suggestions in Canada?
Would Balaji Viswanathan come to an event of Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive to encourage the young generation towards entrepreneurship?
As an ad agency founder, should I focus on improving my skill or on hiring the best talent and optimizing the work environment for their performance?
How do I start a tech startup if I don't know how to code?
Would these startup founders get an equivalent pay package if they applied for a job in a Fortune 100 company?
What is a right way to begin startup and all necessary legal things to consider?
Will Elon Musk get us to Mars?
What is Elon Musk’s email address?
Is Elon Musk a lot cooler in person than when he is public speaking?
Entrepreneurs: what is the top productivity app that doesn't get enough credit?
Is Steve Jobs a good influence?
Are there startup learning tools?
What does a day in the life of a successful entrepreneur look like?
Where can I find out more about Elon Musk new company Neuralink?
How do we respond when sued by ex-founder for unpaid wages in California?
I'm starting my life with 0 people connections, where and how should I network, if I want to be really successful?
Who is the founder of Tagged?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
What are the future plans of Jimmy Wales?
What is the inspiring story of Elon Musk?
Where do I find a CTO in London for founder level equity in my Pre-Funding Startup?
Did Elon Musk really read two books a day in his teens?
What's the biggest challenge Jimmy Wales is facing at the moment, and how can we help?
What are the complications or issues with a US-based startup taking on a Canadian cofounder?
What is the procedure for calling you (Jimmy Wales) to TERI University, Delhi, India for a talk?
What might the idea have been in the mind of Steve Jobs before launching the iPhone?
How does Wanderu make money?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
What is the cultural diversity of entrepreneurship (a) young entrepreneurs (b) immigrant entrepreneurs?
How would you like to contribute to the one and only successful startup of DDU’s www.malgadi.co.in?
How much equity should a professor expect if they're not leaving their main job?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
What should I sacrifice to become a successful entrepreneur?
I just want to make $300k a year. Should I become a doctor, programmer, or entrepreneur?
Is Elon Musk’s Neurolink a publicity stunt?
What is your view on Elon Musk's offer to the Australian government to fix their power crisis in just 100 days?
How did Elon Musk get cross-spanning capability?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
How does Elon Musk plan on living his senior years?
What are the most useful apps for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What were some interesting insights from Elon Musk's TED talk?
Can Elon Musk take us to Mars? If so, would it be in a Tesla rocket spaceship?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
What things should one keep in mind while pitching a startup idea?
How is Jimmy Wales different from other entrepreneurs?
Do I have to be an entrepreneur or a business person to achieve success as perceived by the society at large?
Adam D'Angelo, how should I prepare myself so that I can join your company?
If Gordon Miller had to choose a CEO between Elon Musk and a still living Steve Jobs, who would he choose?
What value could someone bring to Elon Musk?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
Who is the founder of Illuminati?
What if our startup idea has been taken by someone who was already our team member but has broken up with us for some personal reason?
Should I tell my interviewer that I am running a startup in my spare time?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
What is Jimmy Wales’ take on making Quora full of ads rather than having Quora remain a free site, written collaboratively by the people who use it?
Does a job cripple the entrepreneur in oneself?
What are the top questions for first-time online entrepreneurs?
Should I take fashion entrepreneur in fit?
What are the failures of Jimmy Wales' life and what did you learn?
How do people like Richard Feynman and Elon Musk learn things and solve problems? What is their method/framework?
What does a successful entrepreneur believe that others don't?
What do you consider to be the most valuable asset in a startup?
If Priceline shares are $1800 bucks, how come the founder is not a billionaire?
Has any PCB student or MBBS student become an entrepreneur?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Did Steve Jobs have 'fun' outside of work?
Where does Jimmy Wales sees him after 5 years?
Was Steve Jobs a unicorn developer?
What's the typical equity split between three founders?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What had made Elon Musk so famous these last years?
What was the first answer that Adam D'Angelo wrote?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
Top 10 entrepreneur quality?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who was bad in English?
How does it feel like to be a designer working for Elon Musk?
What does Elon Musk think about Social Media platforms?
What other fields of business could use a business platform like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
Who created more entrepreneurs? IIT's or IIM's?
Who is more genius: Steve Jobs or Elon Musk?
What documents are required from a startup entrepreneur to join a new company as employee?
Was Elon Musk from a good college?
Can women easily slip into an entrepreneurial role? And what kind of grooming will they have to undergo to be truly successful in that sphere?
What are Adam D'Angelo's tips for startup founders and CEOs?
Where can I find any entrepreneurs who want to travel with like-minded people and build a network?
Now that Adeo Ressi has given away all of the Founder Institute Bonus Pool including all of the warrants in Udemy and Realty Mogul to Crescent Cove Capital, is there any value left for mentors, directors or founders?
How does leadership skills affect entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk superstitious?
In which area of agriculture can I become an entrepreneur in North India?
Where do I will get flexible packaging like kurkure and lays chips in Maharashtra and Karnataka?
Why does Elon Musk rent a house?
What are some signs of a bad co-founder?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
How can I recover value as an ex co-founder holding 14% equity?
Could virtual life startups be successful?
How should I start working for my own startup?
How can I advocate Avani Bansal as the founder of the ABC chamber in Delhi?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
What's the unique angle to Forward's business strategy? Will it work?
Will Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick be fired for his treatment of a driver?
How can you learn if your startup idea already exists in India?
What advice do you have for a future entrepreneur?
What kind of people should I have on my management team when starting a startup?
Who is Jimmy Wales' best friend?
How does Jimmy Wales balance work and projects with his family?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What should I do/learn in the next 6 months so that I don't have to go back to my job & have something of my own (business or skill to work as a freelancer)?
Who are some great under-20 entrepreneurs in India?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
Where is a list of Caltech houses ordered by the number of startup founders they have produced?
What's inside your work backpack as a startup CEO?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
We have created an app for budding entrepreneur. Will you use it?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
As an entrepreneur, should I focus more on my overall vision or my goals?
What would be the advice you would want to give to the CTOs of early stage startups and how does the roles and responsibilities change with time?
Who is more physically fit: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
If you were an entrepreneur, what problem would you solve, and why?
What's the biggest challenge entrepreneurs face with marketing in Africa?
Is it true what Elon Musk says that the construction industry has not improved its productivity in the last 50 years?
What are the fundamental personality differences between Bill Nye and Elon Musk?
How do I pitch my startup to Amazon or Google?
Where is Jimmy Wales on the political compass?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
How should I work to become an entrepreneur while studying at a low-ranked engineering college?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What are some interesting things about Elon musk?
Is it normal to ask for a salary as well as significant equity for being a technical co-founder?
What is the most successful non-tech start up in the last 10 years?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
How many entrepreneurs are biohackers?
What are the basic rules to being an entrepreneur?
Can I get Jimmy Wales contact information for startup idea sharing ?
What are some startup secrets that every entrepreneur should know?
What does Gordon Miller think about college degree? Does it really matter for aspiring entrepreneurs?
What is the connection between Richard Muller and Elon musk?
Is Balaji Visanathan willing to help "Innovators & entrepreneurs UniverCity?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What would Gordon Miller suggest to an aspiring entrepreneur who is afraid to start?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
How is Elon Musk simultaneously working on multiple missions?
How is it even possible that Elon Musk could build four multibillion companies by his mid-40s in four separate fields?
Why do people in Silicon Valley hate suits so much?
Should all co-founders get a CxO title?
What is the most important advice you have for early-stage startup co-founders?
Is it indispensable to have a co-founder?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
How big of a problem do you think startup burnout is for startup founders & entrepreneurs?
How has the distribution of employees and entrepreneurs shifted over human history?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
How do we create marketplace payment model like Airbnb?
I want to start my own start up business in software industry. What should I have to do first?
What is Jimmy Wales advise on building a product that keeps on improving with time?
Is it bitchy that Mark Zuckerberg copied Snapchat because he didn't succeed in buying it?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
Why are the qualities important to the entrepreneur?
Where is the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur?
Were Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates or Elon Musk cheating in college?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
Who was the founder of NASA?
Has anyone developed a startup that utilizes engineers over the age of 55?
What are your words of encouragement for innovative entrepreneurs in Nigeria?
Who do you think will be worth the most 10 years from now? Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos?
What is the best way to connect with other entrepreneurs who are interested in building apps?
Is there a problem with starting a blog without a topic?
How did Steve Jobs hire people?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What's the best way for a first-time entrepreneur to determine product market fit?
If we can build tunnels under cities like Elon Musk said why can't we build homes?
How do people come up with new startup names? Most of the domains are already taken and I don't want the name to be more than 6 characters.
Who found the batmenton?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Do you except a nontechnical founder of tech companies to know anything about tech?
For entrepreneurs, what kind of ongoing royalties and operating costs do you need to pay?
What are the problems faced by an unregistered startups?
Is a cofounder necessary for startups? I am not finding it necessary for my price comparison website startup.
Are Elon Musk and Richard Branson somewhat enemies, considering how Branson has Virgin Galactic and Musk has SpaceX?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
Is the title of co-founder only given to the founding members?
How can Entrepreneurship be encouraged in Africa?
Is it viable to say that I want to be an entrepreneur when I grow up?
How good would Elon Musk be as president?
What are your best and worst experiences as a Startup Founder?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
How much equity should a founder give to a key employee?
Does India have a sufficient number of entrepreneurs?
How do you re negotiate shares with co-founder after agreeing on a particular stake earlier?
How do I deal with start-up competition?
Is working at startup will help you to create a new one? And Why?
What adds real value to your startup?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
How do I find the legal road map/checklist an entrepreneur would require?
What math do entrepreneurs need to use/learn?
Is an MBA necessary for robotics entrepreneurs?
Will people now think twice before joining a startup?
Is it okay to go to graduate school if you're thinking of becoming an entrepreneur?
How does one speak in technical terms like Elon Musk?
Should we tape our selfie and webcams like Mark Zuckerberg?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
How do I define the success of a startup?
How safe is Elon Musk boring company?
If Jimmy Wales could be any kitchen appliance, which one would he be? Why?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
What is stakeholding on Flipkart?
Do you think Kernel (Bryan Johnson) or Neuralink (Elon Musk) will have a greater impact on our society?
What helps an entrepreneur to have better status in society, being a helpful person and philanthropist or having an attitude and command over others?
What are some latest notable startups which succeeded with less or not even used the promotion?
How should tech billionaires learn to wield political power?
How did you find a co-founder/team for your startup?
How did Elon Musk complete a 6 month course in 3 days?
What can Canada do to make itself attractive to potential young entrepreneurs in the tech field in your view?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
Why are most founders from Stanford?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Who is Quora’s founder?
Are there any founders who cheap out when building their technology? What happened?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
How did Elon Musk become so successful despite his lack of social skills?
How do you quit school and go straight to university?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
Why did Elon Musk seem nervous and sort of stammer in his latest TED Talk?
Why does the budding Indian entrepreneurs and startups do not seek help from globally experienced business leaders and mentors?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
Which new IIM is best for entrepreneurship?
What are the criteria for being a CEO?
Can my co-founder move the IP and company name of our company registered in Jersey to a new one in the UK behind my back?
Can entrepreneurs have visible tattoos?
What are SV.CO’s founders doing now?
What is actually being done about the boring idea put forward by Elon Musk?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
What is a typical weekday and a typical weekend like for Jimmy Wales?
How important is daily exercise as an entrepreneur?
Why is Modiji not inviting Elon Musk to build a Gigafactory in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Does India need more entrepreneurs than managers?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What is Justin Trudeau's opinion on Elon Musk?
Who decides how dividend should be given in a private company?
I can't help but think that most people are so full of it. How do I become a more positive person?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
I want to start my own business, but I'm afraid I will hate the type/industry, what should I do?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
If two of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Bill Gates were to build a company, who would be the perfect duo?
How dedicated was Elon Musk?
What is the best mindset for an entrepreneur?
What is Elon Musk favourite book related to startups?
Would building an app look good on my resume if I'm a non-technical founder?
It is 1:30pm on a Sunday. Most people aren't doing much. What is Elon Musk doing and thinking about right now?
Is going to business school worth it to become an entrepreneur?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
Could a company founder be equal to an investor?
How important is equity to the founders at the later stage?
What are known as personal entrepreneurial competencies?
Do CTOs need CEOs?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are some great motivational movies for programmers and young entrepreneurs?
Is there an overrated question that gets asked when we speak to successful entrepreneurs?
According to Instagram in July of 2010, its CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom tested the app by posting its first ever photo. What was the photo of?
Is Elon Musk going the right way? Why is he focusing/wasting money on Space-X when there are innumerable ways to improve earth?
What are the successful startups Who made significant contribution to society?
What are the basic needs for a perfect startup?
What magazines would Elon Musk subscribe to?
What did Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg do in their teenager years (13 -20)?
What’s the best choice to make for people who want to make a significant difference in the world, run for political office or become an entrepreneur?
Do you agree with everything on the "35 Habits of productive People" mind map?
If Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Adam D'Angelo were in a 5-way fight to the death in the Roman Colosseum, who would win?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
How trustworthy is Vance's Musk biography?
Can an introvert person form a company and be a successful entrepreneur?
Does Quora provide any special access to Jimmy Wales?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Does Elon Musk ever take a vacation?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
Do you think Richie Lee’s answers are valuable to the serious entrepreneur?
What startups need to grow?
What kind of student was Jimmy Wales in his early school life?
Who are some highly successful entrepreneurs who had terrible high school grades and/or terrible standardized test scores?
What do Indian entrepreneurs actually need?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
What successful YC companies have experienced founders?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Can I start a manufacturing business if I own a single machinery?
How do I find a lawyer that's expert in founders' fiduciary responsibilities?
How do you launch a startup when you don't have any technical and professional experience?
Which deceased founders would be most shocked by what their organization has become?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
How this idea of starting a site like wikipedia came to your mind?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
Do 500 startups invest in single founder startup?
Who is the founder of Carlson?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
I would like to be an entrepreneur, but I have no money. What should I do?
What do you think about the plans of Elon Musk?
If I create a landing page and add blog posts, will that increase my ranking?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What is the best motivational book for an entrepreneur?
Are there any mechanical startups which are successful like other IT startups?
What questions can you ask wantrapreneurs to help them realize they are not entrepreneurs?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Should Co founders meet investors together during their first meeting?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Do entrepreneurs regularly fear homelessness?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
How much money approximately does a successful entrepreneur usually make?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
For becoming a good entrepreneur, what thing must you do in your daily life? What work should you do to put your business in the top position?
How realistic is Elon Musk's plan for digging tunnels under Los Angeles via the Boring Company?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
How does every entrepreneurs ease their life?
What are some dark secrets of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Larry Page and big entrepreneurs?
Does a cofounder become a founder if the other cofounder leaves?
Has Elon Musk studied quantum physics?
How do I take a critical decision regarding my co-founder?
What are the examples of most dumbest startups, that become successful later in its years?
Is STARup India worth attending for a non-entrepreneur (surely one in the furture)? 2017 summit is in Bengaluru and 2016 was in Mumbai
Does Jimmy Wales sees himself as a genius or just a simple guy with a good idea?
Do people like Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg have personal LinkedIn profiles?
Did Elon Musk have any friends growing up?
Should we launch a new social app in September when students get on campus? Or should we launch now via reps personal social media accounts, because products spread digitally regardless?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What advice would Mr. Al Shamsi give to a person preparing to become an entrepreneur?
How often do startups turn into multimillionaire companies compared to non-startup companies?
What is Musk afraid of?
Are there any young founders or entrepreneurs interested in joining a startup meetup?
I find it difficult to work with my cofounder who is often dishonest - how do I go about job search to free up myself from workplace toxicity?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What are Jimmy Wales views on the implications of AI in our daily lives?
I want to be a successful businessmodel/entrepreneur, what should I study?
What would be a good startup/franchise near Nashville, Tennessee?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
Who are some good entrepreneurs to research?
Can you name the students from St. Xavier School, Bathinda who started a company?
How effective would Elon Musk's new idea about underground tunneling be?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
How many times can Musk's rockets be reused?
As a startup founder, how do you control your temper?
What is the secret behind coming up with great ideas and how do I learn it?
Would Elon Musk ever venture into Time Machine?
When creating ID cards for two co-founders, what titles should we write?
What are the main open-ended questions that the innovator/entrepreneur needs to ask his potential customers in order to get to know their interests?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
What would be the best way to get advice from experienced entrepeneurs regarding your startup?
How can we bring an end to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
What are the best entrepreneur ideas?
What kind of senior or leadership roles ex-entrepreneurs have got in corporate India?
Does Elon Musk time his tweets to distract from negative news or dropping stock price?
How do business on international entrepreneurs rule?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
How much does it cost to create and maintain a website and app like cybrhome.com?
Is it possible to combine social and entrepreneur and make a fortune?
Is JP Maroney the founder of Harbor City Capital, Florida?
Is Uber CEO Travis Kalanick a total lightweight?
Where can I find more info on Elon musk's boring company?
Is it bad optics to be the sole founder of a startup?
I am continuing my higher education. I want a self-employment (preferably a business) which can be done with my education. What business can I do?
Should I read Elon Musk’s biography by Ashlee Vance? Is it inspirational?
How do you set salaries as a developer entrepreneur?
Is there another viable option open to people who feel that universities, trade schools, or being an entrepreneur are not for them?
Are there any good blogs for food entrepreneurs?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
How can I make 100k as a young entrepreneur?
How much equity should the founders control after the growth equity round?
If, as Elon Musk suggested, we're all part of an alien video game, can you identify any potential "glitches" they've made?
Did Oberlo's founder leave the company?
What is the monetary benefit to the founder of a company when he lists his company as a public limited company, e.g. he will miss out on getting all of the profits, etc.?
What things do I have to prepare before beginning a startup?
Do entrepreneurs and founders feel proud of being a college dropout?
As a startup founder, how do I convince myself that college isn't a waste of my time?
What is the best way to explain a failed startup on your resume or LinkedIn profile?
How much should we value my startup?
How do I fire my co-founders?
Does one really require a chief technical officer for a financial startup during the development stage?
Does the fact that seemingly legitimate companies and weĺl-known investors and entrepreneurs are working on the idea make it more plausible?
Being an entrepreneur, what were overwhelming/winning/funny moments for you?
If you were a co-founder, and you're no longer with the company, how should you refer to yourself, ex-co-founder or former co-founder?
How can l make a small medium entrepreneur catalog?
What is it like to be an entrepreneur? Is it necessary to have capital to be one?
What kind of challenges do female entrepreneurs face when starting a business and what can be done to solve those problems?
How do entrepreneurs evaluate their business? What are the most important metrics?
What are some examples of women entrepreneurs who have built Unicorn companies?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
What is a startup and how do people sell them for money?
Is Rob Arena the founder of Arena & Associates, Inc?
How can I get over the feeling that co-founders make the founder’s cut smaller?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Why do successful entrepreneurs advice everyone to quit jobs? Don't they know that everyone is not meant for entrepreneurship? What is their point?
What are Elon Musk favorite books?
What is your advice for a nontech person starting a tech startup?
How hard did Jimmy Wales work to create the Wikipedia platform?
How many co-founder should we have? And why?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
How does a startup founder avoid the trap of babysitting every detail of projects that people are working on?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
As a founder, should I also invest money elsewhere?
How will entrepreneurs spend their weekends?
Is it possible to start an online delivery service, without logistics knowledge?
What questions would you ask a founder of a new record label (2017)?
What is the most crucial thing for an entrepreneur?
What things does one need to know before opening a startup?
Is education really necessary to become an entrepreneur? If not, then why are there so many universities offering courses on entrepreneurship?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
Why are many successful tech CEOs belligerent?
What is it like to have co-founded a startup with your spouse?
Why has Manipal produced so many entrepreneurs but NIT has failed to do the same?
Are you nurturing young entrepreneurs under your wings?
If I want to become a fashion entrepreneur, which PG course am I supposed to choose?
Is it necessary to have experience in a managerial role in order to be a successful entrepreneur? To what extent is it helpful for setting up a new startup?
How would Mark Zuckerberg go about becoming President?
Do I transfer all of my co-founder's shares to him even when they underlie a vesting plan (4 years, monthly vesting, no cliff)?
What does it takes to succeed as a young entrepreneur?
What are the requirements that I have to consider for starting a startup like restoration?
What are your points to be considered while starting a Education Start up?
Where can we share our entrepreneur ideas in India?
Isn't it strange that the founders of Ilvermorny chose exclusively magical animals for their symbols (unlike Hogwart’s founders)?
What are some entrepreneurial opportunities for doctors apart from practicing medicine?
Would a true entrepreneur make money without investing a single penny?
How important is it for a founder to have a majority stake in his/her company?
In startups, how do we look for cofounders? Am I not risking the ownership of my company?
What is Elon Musk's neurolink?
If Elon Musk has his way and we settle a colony on Mars, what political system would run it?
What is better: a first time entrepreneur with no previous startup employment or a second time entrepreneur from a failed startup?
Is there any highly successful software company start up in India that is founded by a non IIT-ian?
Should I quit the startup if I can't get along with my narcissistic/controlling co-founder?
Can you have a career like that of the Google founders, Elon Musk, or any other famous tech business people, without an Ivy League education?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
What is your favourite entrepreneur and why?
What is Elon Musk's way of decision making based on probability streams?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
How many cars does Jimmy Wales own and which one of them is his personal favourite?
Can somebody just go to Elon Musk's desk and ask if he believes in anti-gravity?
What is it like to be the CEO of a tech startup without any coding experiences?
Which traits do "Visionary entrepreneurs" usually lack?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
If you are a female entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle when it comes to nutrition and fitness?
Who can I ask for advice regarding equity, control, and profit split when setting up an international consumer product business?
Is it necessary to officially issue stocks among founders in a startup?
Why does Elon Musk want to change the world as bad as he does?
Do entrepreneurs have an active sex life?
Who is SanMar’s founder?
You are a manager and you want to hire a UX designer. How do you choose him?
What is that one thing which makes Elon Musk completely different and far ahead of a normal teenager?
The founder of my startup has asked for an equity distribution with complete vesting of his share since he started much earlier than me. Is this okay?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
How do I find co-founders of a company on Google?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What are some good books to learn practical management techniques for startup CEOs?
Has the market for software and tech become highly saturated as compared to the time when Bill Gates and Steve Jobs started?
Pre-revenue startup with partnership offer taking controlling share (70:30) until milestones are hit (then it reverses). As a founder, is this smart?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Who are the richest and youngest entrepreneurs in Telangana?
What are good examples of entrepreneurs who succeeded despite everyone (mentors and advisors included) told them otherwise?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
Why do people like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk seem not to need to fight against resistance (the war of art)?
Is entrepreneurship only meant for techies?
What financial resources did Elon Musk need to start Tesla and SpaceX?
What caused Robert Westermeyer, the founder of habitsmart.com, to drop-out from his psychologist career?
What is it like for a founder to work as an employee of their company once acquired?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
What are the places where nonresidents can initiate startups?
What is Elon Musk's primary goal with The Boring Company?
What resources (mainly web sites) exist to get the word out about a new startup's product or service for free?
What are some possible career prospects for somebody doing Masters in Entrepreneurship at a good college in the USA?
Which is best Mac app for super productivity for a very busy person as of 2017: OmniFocus, Asana, Things, 2Do, Producteev, Todoist, Wunderlist & Why?
What steps should be taken before starting a startup?
Would majoring in accounting help me to be an entrepreneur?
What kind of books does Elon Musk read?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Why does almost every Quora bio say "Founder, CEO" with an unspecified company?
Elon Musk is my hero and I want to become like him. Is there any hope?
What are the basic things an entrepreneur should take care?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
What does Elon Musk mean when he talks about pain?
Why did Elon Musk didn't​ prepare​ for IIT​?
How do I find a technical co-founder in Singapore for my startup?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
What was it like growing up below middle class and becoming successful and a millionaire?
What should I do to become a lawyer and an entrepreneur?
Did great minds like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, have high marks when they were in school?
Why would I be invited to a meeting with the owner and manager of one of the largest businesses in our industry? And what should I share/not-share?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
After selling your first startup, site59.com, to Travelocity in 2002, what was the first big-ticket item that you bought?
Why don’t Indians respect the entrepreneur?
Did Mark Zuckerberg originally want to be a video game creator?
What should an entrepreneur do before taking on any startup?
What are the biggest struggles for busy entrepreneurs in terms of staying healthy?
What is your successful startup story?
After having an idea, what are the next steps to take to start a startup?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
Do Jimmy Wales appreciate Jim Carrey?
I want to be a tech entrepreneur. What are all the programming languages should i have to know?
Can we launch our new social app for students now/summer? Or should we wait until Sept. when school starts?
Does Jimmy Wales like Friends?
How can we become a electronics entrepreneur?
Can you tell me why in the past you decided to be either entrepreneur or investor?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What is a good first time entrepreneur reading list?
How bad does it look in a pitch to have one startup founder talking and the other completely silent?
Which business should start in Pakistan to become a successful entrepreneur?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What would it be like if I started a startup that aimed to provide a complete and balanced diet?
Is Kimbel Musk taller than Elon Musk?
How do founders like Zuck, Evan Spiegel, Kevin Systrom protect their personal accounts (bank, email, websites) from being hacked?
Why do most startups fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Which business is the best product for an amateur software entrepreneur?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
When was the clone script concept found? Who found it?
How fast can Elon Musk learn new complex stuff (compared to college students)?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What​ is entrepreneurial management?
Who are the Indian startup founders, and what are their success stories and struggles?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
Is Elon Musk Sock-Puppet of NASA?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
What are some good ways to get a good team for my startup in its early stage?
How do I stop comparing myself to other successful young entrepreneurs?
Should a co-founder charge a startup for a personally owned .com domain since an asset is transferring? How is a fair amount typically calculated?
What tinyowl co-founders are doing now after merger with runnr?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
Why is Evan Spiegel not as popular as Mark Zuckerberg?
Which MBA is preferable if my aim is to be an entrepreneur?
How can I succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
How is virtual assistant useful?
How is Elon Musk as a husband?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
What are some favourite books of Jimmy Wales?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
Did Steve Jobs represent the 1%?
How I can start my own startup with just idea? Where to find right people?
Why won’t the founder(s) of Samsung be remembered quite like Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniack?
What kind of life an entrepreneur experience before becoming successful?
How do I protect myself as a technical cofounder?
How did Jimmy Wales come up with the idea for Wikitribune?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
What is your app’s CPA cost in China?
What are some successful tech companies across the globe which has solo Founders ?
How many books does Elon Musk read per month nowadays?
What are your experiences in working with startups other than eCommerce or App based startups?
At what age do people become entrepreneurs?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What question should I ask to my startup mentor?
How do you think Elon Musk learned enough about neural lace to start a company on it?
Who are the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley who have inspired the most younger entrepreneurs?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
What happens to the equity stake of a co-founder if he/she leaves before vesting any shares in startup that has already been funded?
How can I (as a teen) develop the major skills required to be a successful entrepreneur?
What should I do to be an entrepreneur ain India?
How much bonus does a CEO get in a start up?
How can I find a business partner that thinks like Steve Jobs?
Which is the best ever startup?
How can a beginning CEO in Manhattan on Wall Street make $30 million in the first year if they partner with an already successful CEO?
I want to be an entrepreneur but I have trouble coming up with ideas on how I can impact the world, how can I be more open minded?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
Is it possible for the successor to be more famous than the founder of the company?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
Is it normal for an aspiring entrepreneur to dream about being wealthy?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Will Rick Ross reach a net worth of 74 billion, like the founder of Amazon?
What do you think about Elon Musk personal branding?
Elon Musk believes we are living in a simulation. Is he right?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Will the upcoming generations read about the achievements of Elon Musk like we did about Einstein and Newton?
What is the best way to find a business partner or co-founder to help me launch my project?
What is the biggest amount of money lost on a failed startup?
How do you choose board members and advisors for your startup?
Is it feasible and worthwhile for a non-technical startup founder to learn to code, enough to build the software's architecture?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
Is there a common type of bullshit that you regularly detect when talking to founders?
Is it possible to run a company with two CEOs?
Is Elon Musk planning to go to TRAPPIST-1?
What are the most successful companies started at hackathons?
What are the most entrepreneurial schools in London?
Which books in management are good for founders with technical backgrounds?
What type of personality did Steve Jobs have?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an entrepreneur in a country depending totally on imports?
What do you do if your company’s co-founder removes himself as a director, but does not want to fully resign?
What was your startup idea which, after giving it a thought, you dropped thinking it wouldn’t work?
How CEOs get paid from having equity?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
Is Jimmy Wales a freethinker?
You are given a choice to either hire Steve Jobs or Steve Wozniack. Who would you hire and why?
If we are actually a simulation constructed by another consciousness, as Elon Musk has hypothesized, would we then be considered a malevolent AI?
If I am offered an entry level job in business development at an early stage startup, how much equity should I ask for?
What are the (dis)advantages of having multiple companies doing one thing each (Elon Musk) vs. having one company doing a lot of things (Google)?
How rich is the founder of Quora?
What would you do if you are an entrepreneur and stuck like me?
Who is the founder of edutap?
What is the reason you want to build a startup?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Why should I work with Elon Musk?
Why is keeping your new startup a secret stupid?
What's the best age to become an entrepreneur in India?
Who is the founder and CEO of confusestudy.com?
Is it worth it to pursue a Wharton Executive or Berkeley Haas part time MBA if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What is the safest way to make money from huge capital?
How do you convince a technical co-founder that your business skills as a co-founder is worth as much for a start-up company?
Who is the founder of KPupsc?
If everybody has started thier own startup, who will work for companies?
Is there any social media for students or entrepreneurs?
How did you get rich after hitting rock bottom?
Would Jimmy Wales ever support, donate, or advocate a nonprofit company, campaign or foundation?
Why am I becoming less energetic regarding work while becoming more successful on my startup journey?
How can Elon Musk have as many as 6 children?
What does Elon Musk plan to do with all the lithium batteries that cannot be recycled and are not biodegradable?
Was Lord Minto the real founder of Pak?
How do I find web-programming partners for an idea with very high income and market value to initiate a startup company?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
How do Bill Gates and many other founders maintain control of their companies, even after their shares got diluted to being a minority shareholder?
Should we be worried that Elon Musk is dating Amber Heard?
Is Elon Musk on Quora?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What successful marketing hacks do MBA people know that a first-time entrepreneur doesn't know?
Is it a good thing to never take any life advice from people you don't want to be like and take only from those who you would want to be like?
Is working at a startup vs an established company worth it before starting my own startup?
Which entrepreneur do you respect and appreciate the most, and why?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What is the best way to network with rich people and entrepreneurs around the world?
What should I do if my employer looks for another team member?
What should anyone know when joining a startup of 2 family members as a co-founder (3th member)?
What's your idea for a successful startup?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
What is the best subject to be an entrepreneur?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Is a BTech from NIFTEM would work if I want to be an entrepreneur?
Which is the most motivating one liner for entrepreneurs?
Can tailors become entrepreneurs in a short time?
Can you talk about the "EQ" of Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, and Jeff Bezos?
Shall I become an IAS or an entrepreneur?
What sort of programming knowledge does Jimmy Wales have? Also, what was his expectation after developing Wikipedia?
What are the benefits and downsides of being the first service provider in a new market?
How does an entrepreneur acquire clients?
What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and his plans regarding Neuralink Corp?
Why doesn't Elon Musk incorporate a Conglomarate with SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla instead of 3 saparate companies?
How much is the rideshare market in the U.S. worth, and about how many people use it in the U.S.?
What do entrepreneurs struggle with in terms of communication and public speaking?
Are Peter Thiel and Elon Musk the super nerds they're made out to be?
How effective are blogs, white papers and social media for B2B selling with annual contract values of US$ 200K –1 million?
What are the things we can do to get Mark Cuban to talk to us and work on a startup with us if we have awesome startup ideas?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
How do I pursue my entrepreneurial ideas at the age of 15?
Who is the founder of Gotrig?
For how many hours does Elon Musk read, and at what time?
What podcast has made you smarter?
What is the best major to study if you want to become an entrepreneur?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
I’m the cofounder of a start-up and I’m about to be expelled. What should I do?
What suggestions do you have for Elon Musk in terms of his operations management?
Can you provide help in finding founders of successful B2C SME businesses?
How could I make an international group of entrepreneurs?
How do I become a company CEO?
How can I handle my startup?
How do Jimmy Wales execute the plan which he has decided to execute?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Is Elon Musk a member of Mensa?
How challenging is it being a single parent and an entrepreneur?
How risky is it to start your own company?
An an entrepreneur, what are the must have tools to manage people in different departments?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
If you co-found a company and spend 4 years working for free, what legal rights do you have when the new CEO pushes you out and discredits you as a co-founder?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
What does James Altucher think of Elon Musk?
How involved is Elon Musk with the daily research and development that takes place in his companies?
Is it possible that the Elon Musk boring idea may collapse several cities or towns in the future?
What are ways to become an entrepreneur at a very young age?
If you are the CEO of a rising startup, what advice do you want to give to one who is hoping for entrepreneurship?
When you see a young Chinese couple at an expensive restaurant, do you assume that they come from a wealthy family?
Do you think there should be a networking platform to facilitate mentoring of startup entrepreneurs by successful and inspiring stalwarts like you?
In which Indian cities, Elon Musk's 'The Boring Company' can be of help to reduce traffic congestion?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
I have been approached by an investor about running a startup that has not been developed yet. Would that make me a co-founder?
Can I be a co-founder of two different startups, as a husband in one and as a friend in the other?
Is Mark Zuckerberg really running for president any time in the near or far future?
What color are Elon Musk's eyes?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
Why isn't Quora of all places more supportive of the idea of an entrepreneurial President?
How many startups have you worked for/on, so far?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How do failed entrepreneurs get jobs in India?
How did Mark Zuckerberg draw the line of friendship and business with his first 50 employees?
What do top elite college graduates founders and CEO think of college dropout founder and billionaires?
What are the legal compliance to look for before finding a co-founder?
What are other problem solving mental models like Elon Musk's First Principles Method?
What is something about Elon Musk that his fans don't know?
Should I be an entrepreneur or an employee? I'm 23.
Did Uretsky keep things secret or not when creating his startups?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
Is Elon Musk developing solid state batteries?
What are some good ways of finding a cofounder?
What are the books that are the must reads for a first-time startup founder?
How can we get young kids to think like young CEOs so that they can become like the creators of Uber and Airbnb, and even Mark Zuckerberg?
Why has NASA stopped manned missions? Is Elon Musk right in saying that the space technology has become stagnant and even degraded?
I started working for a startup where my CTO is 1 year younger than me, what can I learn from such condition ?
Successful entrepreneurs: have you considered moving to a country with more favourable tax rates?
Are there any examples of an "invisible" CEO (i.e. a successful CEO who is not well known in or outside of the company)?
Can a startup depend on outsourcing totally (only during initial stages)?
What is Elon Musk's passion?
How much time or money can a startup invest in staff training?
As an entrepreneur of your organization, which all areas should you keep in mind for ethical practices related to HR and marketing?
Is Elon Musk a Renaissance man?
What are some relatable entrepreneur success stories? You know, just normal people who didn't sell companies or build apps at 16.
What if you are the CEO, chairman and co-founder of a company?
I’m joining a SaaS Startup as a technical co-founder. Which essential contract/economic questions should be asked upfront?
What is your take on building your core team and what was your strategy for hiring early employees?
Do I need to prepare for JEE if I aspire to become an entrepreneur?
For a startup, who's a hustler and what are the qualities required?
Does Elon Musk's startup Neuralink expose us to being controlled, a la the Borg (Star Trek) or is this a needed step, i.e. Human 2.0, for us to compete with AI?
Is there a need for the co-founder to sign an employment agreement?
What does Elon Musk look like?
As an ambitious and young entrepreneur should I learn coding?
What books did Elon Musk read to start SpaceX?
I'm the main of 4 cofounders and am about to invest $100k in our startup. What's the best way to structure things so they are fair for everyone?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What would happen to Tesla (TSLA) if Elon Musk weren't available to work there?
As a busy entrepreneur, what is your biggest struggle with staying in shape?
Where can I find co-founder to small software house?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs be mindful?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
How should I continue with my Kickstarter funded business?
Can you be a successful entrepreneur with a non-violent criminal felony in your history?
What is the demand for a startup incubator in Dehradun? Are there enough entrepreneurs in the Valley?
Do entrepreneurs need college?
How do we do free E-marketing for the promotion of newly launched websites for new upcoming entrepreneurs? We have upcoming projects for entrepreneurs.
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
Where can I find a financially poor person with the mind of Steve Jobs to be my business partner?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What is the best way for a young person to connect with entrepreneurs they admire?
How can a non-tech founder add value to his/her business idea and company while the other tech founder builds the app/website?
What is the largest private company ever started by a lone founder who is still alive today?
Why does it seem greatly successful entrepreneurs have a lot of issues with personal relationships?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
If you have met people in their 20s who make >100k a year, what job do they do or what business are they in?
How scared/unsure was Gordon Miller when starting his first entrepreneurial venture?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
How do we split ownership percentage for a startup between tech and non-tech co-founders?
Why does Elon Musk still hide his pancake recipe?
How realistic is Elon Musk's promise to fix South Australia's energy crisis with battery storage technology within 100 days?
In what context did Elon Musk say, "Movement of molecules is expensive, but that of electrons is cheap"?
Who are some loner/reserved/no-friends tech founders?
Why does the founder of Quora look 16?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
Does anyone have any idea about a non-technical SSB?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
Is it a good idea for Elon Musk to start an AI company?
Is acquiring a degree important for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
Is college a scam if I want to be a successful and filty rich entrepreneur?
Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting every state in America?
What should India and Indians learn from Steve Jobs?
How was your experience with the Hatchery Summer Cohort at the University of Toronto?
What will you suggest for the new entrepreneur?
How much money is one of Elon Musk’s Tweets worth on average, considering its impact on Tesla’s stock price?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What is Global ACT and who is the founder?
In what majors can you find people who think like Elon Musk?
Can a startup fail if its founders stay away from it for long?
Why doesn't Elon Musk build a parent company for all his endeavors (Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City etc.) like Larry Page has done with Alphabet Inc. (Google)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
Should I quit my civil engineer job and look for a business or stay at my job until the business is settled?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
Do you consider being an entrepreneur as you've certainly contain the intellect?
As a mechanical engineering student who wants to become an entrepreneur, is it worth it to do a minor in business administration?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
How can I find a co-founder for my fin-tech startup in India?
Who is the founder of Kingston Technologies?
Why did Steve Jobs never programmed in his life?
Where did Mark Zuckerberg find programmers?
What is the spirit and motivation behind Elon Musk that makes him to chase his dream?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How should I begin a startup at an early age?
How can every person be an entrepreneur?
Who found the Vishnava Sidantha?
I recently discovered that the co-founders where I work are corrupt. What do I do?
What does Mark Zuckerberg do as he works 60 hours per week? Does he code or go to meetings and stuff?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
Is there any CTO who wants to work with a new startup?
What you think of the Indian startup scene?
What exactly do you need in your DNA to become an entrepreneur?
Does the “ execution of AN IDEA on TIME” is better than “execution of AN IDEA” while launching a startup?
Why do most IIT/NITians become entrepreneurs after getting experience?
What are all the skills I need to develop to become a successful entrepreneur? I'm a 17-year-old high school student.
What are the Twitter profiles of mechanical CEOs or founders?
How will a small startup like OpenWater navigate the 510k FDA radiologic device regulations without there being any equivalent device categories?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
What has your experience been like as a woman entrepreneur in a male-dominated sector?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Could I say that " I'm the upcoming Mark Zuckerberg " to Mark Zuckerberg?
Given the lessons you’ve learnt as an entrepreneur, should you go bankrupt, could you get back on your feet?
How do startup founders set personal goals?
What is the best way to find a co-founder for a startup idea? And also what is the best stage to look for a co-founder?
Who is the founder of the Maritime Bhangra Group, and how did they become so famous in such a short time?
Have you ever felt that Kaggle might not work?
What are Jimmy Wales’s failure stories?
Do people like Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and so on have financial advisers?
How much harder do you think your life would be, if you were a startup founder battling government corruption on top of everything else?
What is the government doing for sustainable energy while Elon Musk is working so much?
What is the best way to become a successful entrepreneur starting from nothing?
What are your three favorite questions to ask founders from an investment perspective?
Why does Indian society produce only male heroes, entrepreneurs, leaders, inventors, etc.? Why is there a scarcity of women perfectionists?
What should entrepreneurs learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the best book for a non-technical founder to improve communication with technical team?
How long would it take Elon Musk to learn, let’s say, the Chinese language?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
What is the scope of the entrepreneurship-based training of NIESBUD? Do they help Indian women in establishing themselves as entrepreneurs?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
If Ashlee Vance were given the choice to write a biography on either Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, whom would he have chosen?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
Are most entrepreneurs just plain broke?
How important is it for Startup founders to have technical knowledge?
Who are the biggest entrepreneurs in the autism field?
Are most billionaires just shareholders or "entrepreneurs", in other words, business people who own a lot of stocks? Does it matter how they acquired those stocks?
What key challenges do Cultural entrepreneurs face?
Where can I find startups that had mentors?
Does SoFi receive equity in your business in exchange for debt restructuring when you participate in their entrepreneur program?
How can we buyback (or dilute) ex-founder shares?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What expectations should a first time entrepreneur have when co-founding a startup with a second time entrepreneur?
Should I try to be a tech entrepreneur if I don't know what to do with my life?
Must a commercially successful startup always be a tech-based one?
Who are the most likely candidates to become the Steve Jobs of blockchain?
What is the best startup you have discovered in 2017?
What is Patrick Soon Shiong currently working on?
Do universities join start-ups? Would it be possible for them to be a cofounder for a percentage of equity, as they have useful know-how?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How many startups started after 2014 in India?
What’s Jimmy Wales’s best source of information?
What are some inspiring stories of hard working entrepreneurs?
What are the things that an aspiring entrepreneur should be practicing to be successful in their respective field?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How can I deal with sarcastic persons in my Startup team?
What is T-Hub? How does it help budding entrepreneurs?
Is Elon Musk washing his own Tesla?
Is there any startup in Kuala Lumpur that is hiring undergrads or looking for co-founders?
Is starting off as an entrepreneur 'embarrassing'?
Who are the founders and major stakeholders of the World Bank?
Does Mark Zuckerberg drink Soylent?
Who is the founder of Chenab Group?
How can I find a mentor for a fashion startup?
If I wanted to find young entrepreneurs online, where would they be? Where do I look?
I have a team of developers, how can I lead them as a non-tech person?
Is being 'entrepreneurial' limited to engineering and the STEM fields? How can I be entrepreneurial in my profession?
What is the best city in which to do the Founder's Institute?
How do I find startups, non-profits, or mid-sized companies interested in working with students on collaborative coding projects?
Why do some startups win?
In modern times are startups just a a bunch of programmers and executives?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
What are some things that entrepreneurs do not think about, that are needed to start a successful business?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
What do you think about the arrest and harassment of Stayzilla's founders?
Why do most startups fail before they even succeed?
What are some startups that are working on "Turboxtax for X"?
If you aspired to become a billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist, what do you feel you would need to learn to get there?
Would you donate to an entrepreneur struggling with US government corruption?
How do I know that I have what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur?
We are 5 people, and 4 of us put in the skills and one puts in the money. Are we all co-founders?
Is it possible for a founder to declare dividend after IPO to cash out?
What was Adam D'Angelo's experience when he started competing in Topcoder?
Who is the founder of United Bank Limited?
Is there any CEO who has topped a class?
Who was the founder of Hindi?
How does Bezos spend his weekend?
Am I getting screwed by my co-founder?
Why do most of the entrepreneurs get serious in life?
MCA charges 100Rs/day as penalty for failure of ROC return filing even for startups. Isn't it a discouragement for young entrepreneurs of India?
Why are there so many Elon Musk fanboys when all of his current businesses are unproven and may never succeed?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
As a software engineer, why would you never want to start your own startup?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
In India is it possible for an under age to be an entrepreneur?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
What are Elon Musk's thoughts on design?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
How do co-founders keep each other accountable, especially once a CEO emerges amidst the co-founders?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
As an entrepreneur I usually hire programmers to do jobs for me. How do I protect my idea so they don't replicate?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
Have statements like the one by Snapchat CEO come before?
As a startup founder/software developer/VP of Engineering/Product Manager, how do we stay updated about the latest research that help in our product?
