How can I register a merchandise company along with the formalities like current account, tin and din number?
Can one be successful if they start out at 28?
How much should I sell my trading business?
How do I gain credibility with customers in my new online business (it's not an online store) it’s a servicing company?
Is it legal for a limited liability partnership (LLP) to raise money in India in the form of investments?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
What is the scope for fodder business in Hyderabad?
How is France in terms of innovations & startups? What are the national problems in this sector?
How do I start a small business, like selling only one or two dishes? Is it tough to start such a small shop in Mumbai?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
I'd like to start in the liquor business (craft beer) in Genoa, Italy. Where should I start?
What important things do I need to keep in mind before starting preparation for the RBI during my graduation period? What should my action plan be?
What kind of education do I need if I wish to start agriculture in UP, India?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How do new startups get financed?
In order to optimise your business so that it gives you everything you want, what would you absolutely need to have in place before you launch?
How do we calculate/estimate the minimum amount of natural uranium required in order to reach criticality?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
Are there any legal requirements to start an online travel business from home in the EU? We will mainly be 'consultants' who develop travel itineraries.
Is it a bad idea to form a c-corp in IL (not CA or DE) if a startup wants to be acquired someday? Why?
How can I raise funds through crowdfunding for an NGO in India?
How can I start a sneaker reselling business in Mexico?
Should I invest or start a small business with $7500?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
Should I discuss my startup idea in a B School, mainly IIM, interview?
How risky is it to start your own company?
If I White-label my SaaS, will it hurt me on branding my own company?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
Is it worthwhile to pursue an MBA before starting a business or a startup?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
How many departments are needed to launch a startup in India?
How do I start an import/export business from scratch? Please explain step by step.
I love making desserts, I make cakes for my relatives' birthdays. I would like to start my confectionery business, what would I have to do?
I want to start a profitable online side business. What mini steps should I take first to get started?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
What are some of the start-up companies to start as a physical design engineer for a fresher?
How do I survey the market, before starting a business in USA?
If given an opportunity to switch from tech. to management at a very early stage, which way should I go?
Can an employee bootstrap a startup?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
I am planning to launch a job board website. What are the most important things I need to consider before I launch my site?
Will it be a good choice to start up with Section C followed by B&A in the CBSE English exam?
How can you gain trust for an online business?
Do you have any ideas about a small business?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
What type of members are involved in an animation team? What are their roles and significance?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
When I sell shares of my company to an investor, what percentage do I take and what percentage of that money goes to the company?
Do e-rickshaw drivers in Karachi earn more? Is it a good business to start?
Write a short note on lifting the corporate veil. What is the process of registration for a company?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
What licenses do I require to start a night delivery restaurant in Mumbai?
What is the process for starting a private university in Nepal?
Which is the best business to start with 5 to 7 Lakhs in Mumbai?
What type of private business for a foreigner is commonly successful in Malaysia?
What do you wish somebody told you before starting out as a business mom?
I am starting a new online shop. Which Shopify application can you recommend?
When did Singapore start trading with India?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
How good will be the startup scenario in India in the next 5 years?
Is it possible to start a technology business at home? If so how?
How can I register my home startup cafe on portals like Foodpanda or Swiggy? What are the legal documents required?
What are best/interesting start-up business ideas?
What is a process to bring a lifestyle hardware device idea to the market?
How much can I use to start mini super market in Nigeria?
Are there any good foreign universities that have a fee of less than 5,00,000 rupees for under graduation (preferably BTech or business management)?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
What is a typical structure for revenue sharing with a company you are assisting with growth? Can you give me some guidance on the specifics?
What was your experience when your child started college?
I am 14 years old and I would like to start a business. What sort of items can I sell?
I am CA. I want to start my own business and shop in India. Can I?
How do you become an expert in business from scratch?
Is it legal to start an online market based on a personally owned cryptocurrency?
What stuff can I buy from Dammam to sell in Khobar as a part-time business?
How is your experience of running a business in India?
Is it better to work for a FTSE 100 tech company or a startup company as a CS graduate?
What are the best low-investment startups in India?
What things are to keep in mind before appearing in a Bank exam?
What are the best industries for business this year?
I need an investor for my latest idea, how do I find one?
What are the low-investment high profit new business?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
What steps do I need to take to start a classified site in India?
What is the best procedure to build a good website? Where should I start and what are the different steps?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
What are some new e-commerce business ideas this year?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How do I breed a culture of 'excellence' in a Silicon Valley startup?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is your experience with the catering business in India?
What are the most efficient strategies for starting an Instagram account for my own business?
I want to earn money and when I finish my civil engineering degree, I want to start my own real estate business. What should I do?
How can I start business in Zoomcar with my car?
Should you incorporate directly in a foreign country or incorporate as a subsidiary of your existing company?
What business is profitable in a local market these days?
What are some kinds of business ideas for start up in low cost?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is a “modelling agency”, and what do I need to start one?
It’s been more than 10 years, and I got bored of an IT job and want to do some business. Any ideas?
Is starting an e-commerce business with drop shipping a viable business model in India? If so, how is the profitability?
Which business has more than 50% profit?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
What are new businesses that involve less initial investments and more profit?
I'm starting a food truck business. Would you recommend using a gas or an electric BBQ and chip fryer?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
How is the London startup scene compared to Silicon Valley?
Who is the best person in Austin, Texas to help fund a startup?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
What are some small-scale companies where I can start my career in Data Science (in Pune)?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What do you choose between starting up a company or going to IIM?
What is the best business to do in Chennai?
What are steps to succeed in your small business?
Can I start a Pvt. Ltd. company while working in a Ltd. company?
Can I start my own company and become a CEO of the company?
What are the chances of someone getting a business investor through Quora? Do you mind sharing your experience?
What are the most innovative production businesses in your city that you can start with 45000€?
We know that approximately 90% of startups fail, so why do people who aren't truly motivated to pursue their idea decide to go ahead and build one?
What are some creative business to start in Indonesia?
What is like to start a business in Brunei as a foreigner?
What business projects will be hot in the future?
As a goof, I want to mail a framed picture of the Fonz to my buddies in the event of my death. How does one go about setting that up?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
How do I get a logo made cheaply for a startup?
Can I start day trading with INR 5,000?
What advice do you have for setting up a business in Singapore?
What kinds of business will be needed all over the world in the future?
What do startups value most when assessing new potential hires?
What are some global, new ecommerce business industries, this year?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
What could be the biggest next move of India in terms of startup?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
How does one open a mini supermarket?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
What are the most important things to be noted before starting a restaurant business in Kerala?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
What can I do to raise money in a short amount of time?
How can I attract more users to avail my company services?
What is your opinion on starting a phone repair business?
How do I start an online photo editing business?
Are you from the US or Europe, and did you start a business in Russia? Can you share your experiences, good and bad?
How long would it take for Metro services to start from New Delhi to Meerut UP?
Must general partnerships doing business outside their state register as a foreign entity in the states in which they do business?
How Rahul Bhatia got initial funds for business?
How can we get funds to cover the cost of a shipment of sanitary equipment to Senegal, all documented and not for profit?
If our company's account is NPA, how can we get funding?
What type of business can we start in Ludhiana which makes a huge profit in a short time?
In what specific present and future businesses do clients prefer their service providers to be in 50+ years?
Is it legal to start a government job while being a partner in a company?
Should all new startups try to protect their brand by acquiring similar domains to the name of their own company?
What books should I read if I want to start an e-commerce business?
I'm looking for an investment into my startup, around £2-3000. How do I go about contacting potential investors?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
What should I do if I have an idea that requires a technology/technique that hasn't been developed sufficiently?
I realised my new job in a startup does not reflect my seniority and team leading experience. The first month I spent with Excel. What should I do?
Does it makes sense for a start up to invest a lot in building a website?
Why do most of the Indian startups fail after 2-3 years?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
What kind of business can I start with Ksh 500,000?
What would be the best business to start if you have capital of 20 lakhs?
What is minimum amount of money required to start a computer relative business after a CSE B.Tech?
If you are given 2 products to build from scratch but only had the time and resources to do 1 product, how would you decide which to build?
How do I start my construction business and where can I attain knowledge about construction?
If Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamsi were to start a business, how will they beat the competition?
If you have to choose between your startup and a highest paying job. What would you choose?
What type of business could I start in Surat with low capital?
Where can I build a product?
How do I tie up with nearby retail shops for my online business?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
What comes first business or innovation?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
What small-scale business can I start with a 2-lakh investment?
What kind of business can I start with an investment of 20 lakhs?
What is the minimum amount of money needed to start a family foundation?
What are the strategies to use when my costumers post a picture on Insta using my product? Can I use this picture for my business on Insta?
Will UK tech startups be able to cope up with the lack of future funding from European Investment Fund (EIF)?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
How can I start a travel startup?
How do I start an electrical service based shop in a small town?
Should I have a business in order to use a business name on Play Store?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
Is SoftBank the right investor for a small technology software startup with big potential to be used by everyone throughout the world?
How much capital do I need to start a gym in India?
What are the steps for a foreigner to start a tourism business in India (guiding tours for other foreigners)?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
What would you first do when you have an idea, keep it secret or share it with people?
How can a mobile app help your business to grow?
Is it a good idea to start a company that sells/licences technologies developed by university laboratories? How can I best do it?
How do you manage to start your business while you are still in university?
What are some great business opportunity in an emerging market?
What is the biggest struggle of an artist when running his business?
What minimum investment does a cartoon crate manufacturing company need?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
How can I become a sales consultant for startups?
How does a beginner make a startup?
I have a business idea that will revolutionize an industry. It needs cash of course to start-up. Can you shed some light on how to proceed?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
Which is the correct age to start a business?
If you have $100,000 to invest in a business, what would you pick?
How could I find a mentor with ecommerce experience?
Can I start a business at the age of 45?
Which business can be done with an investment of 20-30 lakhs?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
What are the things to remember in all business and technical aspects when buying a small-scale mineral water company?
Would a platform that allows to share ideas, find freelancers and investors be a succes?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
What should I do to start a business in Mumbai? What is the initial cost of government charges?
How do I create a business plan as a multipotentialite?
Is there any scope for startups in India?
How do logistics companies in India commercially export products for food e-commerce companies overseas?
Are there any skills that can be learned from PMI-PBA to start/run my own business?
Where can I find a place to invest my money in startup companies? I have a lot of money.
What are the business fails that you face with a low investment? Why?
How important is the trust and integrity element in small businesses?
How many failed businesses do business owners have before building a successful business?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
What are some safe start-ups for IT professionals?
Why are some Indian startups registered in the USA?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What type of business will be successful starting from small-scale industries with an investment of 10 lakhs?
When you start a business, what domains should you register?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What type of building structure is good for a company building?
What are some key things to consider when starting a drop shipping business?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
How does one start small and grow big?
What would be the capital required to start a gaming company in India?
What is the best way to be a technology partner?
What are the best tips for a computer science graduate to start a web design business?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
What is the average annual running cost of a new/small startup in Sillicon Valley?
How does a business create volume for its products?
How can I start a private tutoring agency business?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
I just finished my engineering from an average college. What is the easiest career path I should take to start a tech startup in India?
What type of businesses are going to be successful in coming years?
Where can I find information about Meetup.com’s history (growth, startup, numbers, etc.)?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
How does one find NGOs/startups for which one can provide free work?
What's the one reason we're not as productive as we would like to be?
How much does it cost to start a decent restaurant in Seattle?
For those business enterprises where an IT Department does not exist, why is it important to have one and how should it be set up, when on a budget?
What is the minimum capital required to invest in the Frank Ross Pharmacy business?
How do I open a company with the products I want to sell in the USA? What are all of the steps that are involved?
What precautions should one take when starting a small business?
How easy/difficult is it to start a new religion?
I want to start my own startup in food packaging business. What is the procedure of getting the liscences and setting up the production from home?
How can a startup NGO in Africa get grants and funds from overseas?
How can I increase my teaching business?
What are the basic fundamentals needed in order to start a car rental business?
What happens when you have an idea and you don't know what to do with it?
After being a mechanical engineer, can I start my own business, and how?
What are some best practices after an investor rejection (e.g., thank-you email, updates, removing access to key documents, etc.)?
How do I expand my web design business?
I want to start a blog. But before that I want to identify a problem that I would want to solve. How do I go about that?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
I am graduating from London School of Economics with a 2:2. How important is my degree classification if I'm planning to pursue entrepreneurship?
What steps are needed to open a manufacturing unit of cotton fabrics for suiting in India and what permits are required to open?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What are ideas for a business opportunity that targets mountaineers/hikers?
If I want to start a startup company and money is very limited, then should I open an individual or non individual current account?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I pitch Gordon Miller a start up without being like everybody else who's just begging for money?
How can I approach the owner of the company I work for to teach me what he knows about running a business successfully?
How can a startup using blockchain monetize their business if the platform is decentralized?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
What is the most suitable country in Latin America to start a business right now as a foreigner?
How can you start a new business in Vidisha?
What are the best business ideas for Bhubaneswar?
Can I ask for a raise before even starting?
What are small investment projects for a start-up?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production industry?
What are the things one needs to do legally before starting a business?
Can I start my own business in other fields, e.g. textiles, merchant exporting, etc. while practicing as a CA?
How much money do you need to open a pet cemetery?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
Where can I find a business plan example/template pertaining to the franchisor business model?
How can I start home lending business?
I am planning to start a term deposit. What kind of tenures does it offer?
How did Ritesh Agarwal (OYO Rooms) raise funding from SoftBank with just an idea?
How can an 18 year old student start a successful business in the US?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the best websites to raise money for individuals struggling financially?
Is retail a good place to startup my career in India? Will I get good growth and earn good money?
How can you publicize your new business?
Do I need a Kafil/ Dubai citizen to start a business in Dubai? I would like to start Dubai staffing from offshore in India.
How does a High Tech business differ from a regular business?
Where and how can I get free startup guidance in Pune?
What are some things that tech people wish non-tech people to know?
How do I start a rubber boot manufacturing business?
What is the process of registration for a company?
How many prototypes of your now well-known product did you test before going to general release?
Can software service companies build good products?
What is the best kind of business to start up in Third World countries?
I have an idea for an invention but I don't know how to begin its design. How do I determine where to start?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
How do I suggest ideas to a CEO I don’t work for?
How does one start a casting agency in Canada?
When doing a sales forecast for a startup (not up and running yet) is it imperative to include unit CoGS? If so, how should it be done?
If you needed to sell your house quickly for cash (you’re behind on payments, you have problem renters, etc.), what kind of terms would you Google to take the next step?
How are the active influencers in the Edinburgh start-up community?
How do I find clients if I want to start an export business?
What are interesting ways for startups to structure an enterprise SaaS deal?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What is a social startup?
How did you test pricing for your SaaS startup?
How do I earn from the errand business/make my commissions?
How can we convince someone to work at a startup when we can’t pay right now and we don’t want to give up equity either?
What advice would you give to a first year CS undergraduate who wants to build his own company?
Do an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in management give one the knowledge and the general ability to start their own small business (in this case, a school)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
How can I get a job at any FMCG or any mechanical company? I want to start my own manufacturing unit that will supply products to Maruti or others.
Should I contribute to Opensource or invest that time to create my own product?
Wouldn't a E-Commerce startup make more profit if it delivers the goods using drones?
Is AppDynamics SaaS?
What's the best & quickest way to copyright an idea or product?
Can I start up a blog from behind an anonymous profile?
Where can I get the knowledge that is necessary to start a successful online business in 2017?
How do I setup a holding company in India?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
Is there a way to calculate the general liability needs of a business?
How do I bring in more business?
How do I negotiate with an investor on my startup?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
What are some successful business ideas this year?
Is there any advantage or disadvantage to businesses having turned over less than 20 lakh by opting for GST?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
Which is the best and easiest way to start a business?
What do you think are the main reasons people succeed at online business?
What is happening when your focus to start a Shopify and a real estate business turns to focusing more on family needs and what they want instead?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
How do we get a license to start a soft drink brand?
We are a start up travel company and we are getting contacted by investors. What are the pros & cons of appointing an investor in the initial days?
What's the right business strategy, when our new technology can fit several different types of business? Should we only focus on one or should we try more?
What is the vesting for advisors?
How can I start building my own website?
What is the safest way to start an online business?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
Is there any platform to discuss my business idea?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Where does Ali AlShamsi get his seed money to start?
How do you start a nonprofit, and fundraise?
Can an underwriter deny my mortgage because I work at a startup?
How do I check the credibility of my startup idea?
Who wants to start their own Arbonne business?
What is the best way to get business from abroad in your country?
How do I start a retail business like GameStop and Sam's club?
What are some strategies for collaborating with busy coworkers?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
What are the logistics needed to start a production house?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor and how does the percentage works?
How can I start my own e-commerce business?
According to you, how does one know that my startup idea would go the distance and impact the masses? It might be a small idea but turn out to be good.
Can I develop my sports profession, ideas, and passion into a startup idea? Please tell me about the different prospects.
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What businesses could an entrepreneur start for commerce development in underdeveloped communities to improve the standard of living?
Why do people say the best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch?
What are the best healthcare (focus on IT) incubators / accelerators in Europe and why?
Should I buy a business for 250k?
What's the best way to build a following prior to launching a crowdsourcing campaign?
How do I check on and verify the identity of a potential business partner in India?
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
How can I sell my business tech related idea (tech isn't my field) that could be useful and big for someone?
How we can start a c&f business?
If am planning to quit my job and start a freelancing career all on my own, where should I begin with acquiring small scale customers/clients?
How do I set up and profit from an ecommerce site?
How can a teen start a lawn care business without a drivers license?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What is the right approach to learn vocab for the GRE? Should I start RC first or should I make my vocab stronger first?
What advice would you give an absolute beginner who wants to start investing their money online?
How did you start freelancing? What jobs? What was your journey?
Do startup restaurants face delivery issues, especially at night because of dogs in their vicinity? As an individual, have you faced similar issues?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
What are the requirements for starting green tea business (packing and distribution) in India?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How much will it cost to open a small food or juice shop in Chennai?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
Starting up in the agriculture sector, what should be the primary focus area?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
What is the step by step procedure to start affiliate marketing?
How can I increase donations outside of social media for a cause?
Do you buy doors online?
I want to start my business but I have only 10k rupee to invest. How and where should I invest this money to get started?
What’s the best product I can start selling today?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What are the best start up marketing conferences globally?
How do other businesses differentiate between what is new business and what is organic growth?
How do I convert my company-owned and company-paid COCP mobile connection into a company-owned and individual-paid COIP connection?
Which is the best franchise to start with 3 Lakhs in Bangalore or Kolar?
What kind of business is good in Kashmir?
How can one start a business in Delhi with a small investment? What are the steps for beginners, even with studies?
What business should I start with ₹10 lakhs?
I have loaned money out to some friends and I enjoy the return. How could I start a business lending company? What software should I use?
I'm starting up a Pvt. Ltd. company which will manage artists. Which designation should I go for as I am the founder and the manager for now too?
Am a bcom graduate, am very interested in start a liquor business, what are the steps?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What is the best method of going from idea to product in your experience?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
What is the difference between value creation and value proposition?
Do you have to spend all of your money to create a successful business?
How can a legal translation help you expand your business globally?
I want to start an accountability campaign on our leaders in the next general election in Kenya, how can I get funding?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
How hard is it to start a business in Germany as a foreigner?
What are the steps I should follow if I want to make an application like YouTube?
What is the best country to start a FinTech company in Europe?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How can I convert novel ideas into useful products? Are there any organizations to help?
What business should I start with 1 million PKR in Pakistan?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do I sell a prototype app to a company I no longer work for?
What is a list of business ideas for this year?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
I’m opening a boutique in the Philippines. Would it be easy to be a manufacturer?
What are some of the best businesses to start with RS. 5,000?
My N300 is not responding. Should I set it up again from scratch?
How is the software/high tech business different from the tangible products business?
Who would want to set up a non academically credentialed female to have a 'start up' to investigate and produce less harmful environmental packaging?
What all permissions does an individual need to get for starting a racing institution?
What franchise can be started for under 4 lacs?
How do I use my audio production skills in convincing small businesses to do or record radio commercials in order to enhance their businesses?
What can I do with 10,000 USD today in terms of starting a business?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
Should a startup LLC formed in DE with no users (only a site-building phase) register as a foreign entity in IL when the cofounders work only in IL?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How does one validate an idea?
What are the new ideas to setup a small industry?
How much investment needed to start a business with Alidropship in India?
What marketing strategy should I create to get more registrations on a website which is a free platform (startup) for the showbiz industry, actors, models, etc.?
How do I startup an online shopping company when I have no knowledge, experience or guidance related to it?
I am about to have software that I built acquired. Would it be tax advantageous to set up a holding company and take dividends on the sale money?
What is the business services industry?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
How do I introduce myself to the field of electronics (starting from scratch)?
If you want to make a big change in the world, where do you start?
What are the top 10 small business ideas this Year?
What are the steps to setting up a remote copywriting agency? Also, tips/best practices?
What country has the highest incidence of tech start up activity per day on average?
What business can I do with a 1-lakh investment in Kerala?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
How do I begin a business myself?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
What type of startup can an M.Des student from an IIT or IIITDM launch from scratch?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
What kind of business can I start with a small budget in Nepal?
How can I start my IT solution business?
A company wants me to create a 1-pager to describe how I would create new product. What should I include in the deck?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Should India start protectionism to build its own industry?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
How do I start plastic raw materials manufacturing business in India?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
Is any licence required for a paid classified portal if we already registered a private limited company with a different name?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What are the best business ideas for beginners this year?
Should I start my own online bussiness or get a job?
What are some options for raising money to invest in an established business?
Is it worth joining IIMS versus working on your startup and giving up the choice of doing an MBA?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
What are the best startup business opportunities available in Germany, USA and gulf countries?
Why does initiation require hazing?
What are the registrations required to run a consulting business on a sole proprietorship basis?
For a SaaS company, is it wise to do services along with products to augment revenue?
How can one motivate himself to start his own business by a doing job?
What motivates you to start your own business while working at a job?
Does Ali Alshamsi think it is a good idea to invest your business profit in small quantities or wait for a while until you have a bigger amount?
I want to start a job recruitment service. Can anyone give a unique name for it?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Why is business a good career to get into?
How can I start a textile business in India?
Can you change a company from an LLC to a C corp?
Do you guide people on their business ideas?
What is a great way to secure speaking engagements in London in the startup or e-commerce space?
What are the emerging businesses That are more demanding with less investment?
How do I evaluate the scope and scale of a business problem?
What business would you have started if you were an African and why?
How can I create my own social network service?
What is the best business to start at the age of 22?
Can anyone share a list of some startup companies working on SAS in India?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
What kind of business is best to start in Ludhiana?
What is the process for starting a content management company in Kolkata?
What are the differences between a company, partnership firm and proprietorship?
What are the skills and resources required for a startup in the digital education sector?
What is a simple online business?
Which is best business to startup in Singapore?
I want to start a rabbit farm from scratch in Nigeria, how do I start?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
Do startups need investors?
How are debt investors protected from default if anyone can setup a private limited company?
Which place would you choose, as an Indian, for a start-up, India or Silicon Valley? Why?
What is the next step after registering with Canada Job Bank?
Can I start a business in Canada while on visit?
Which city in North Odisha is better to start a commercial business?
Is it possible to start a buisness in Norway?
How do I start a cartoon channel? What should be my first step?
Does Shutterstock have to register their business in each country to sell digital content?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
What would be the adequate amount of investment required for starting up a pharma marketing company with a list of 10 products at first?
Will I be able to brand textile with my own brand? If so, how may I start?
What are the logistic needed to start a production house?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
What is the best way to launch a new product?
When looking to acquire another business (an SEO agency), how much direct contact are you allowed with its existing client base?
What is a good company name for a sharing platform?
What are some ideas to develop your own small-scale food processing plant with minimum investment?
Which are the small scale industries, which need less investment?
Why do universities teach Calculus for CS students in a very early stage of the studies?
What is the best place to find a partner to start a business with in Africa?
How much investment does a "poha " making factory need?
I recently started a home based travel agency. I always force myself to create the itineraries. Is changing my line of industry considered quitting?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
What are some profit-making businesses that can be started currently in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh?
How can I promote a small business to a community?
What kind of business can I start by 35 with 20000 USD?
What are the possibilities of a new thriving business in the field of AI?
What are some simple business ideas this year?
What is the process of starting a restaurant business in Andhra Pradesh?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
I want to start paintball business on the sea shore, what are the legal procedures to take lease or use the land of government in India?
What does Gordon Miller think is important in establishing a company?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
How would you get your first sale, if you had zero capital but a completed a SaaS product?
Should one use consultants to develop key strategies for a startup deposit for taking microfinance, or should key staff members be in place first?
What is a good low investment project?
Is there any logic for valuation of a B2B ecommerce startup?
I have some ideas which can improve the functionality and user base of existing applications. How do I pitch the idea to the owners?
What are the top 10 business ideas this year?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
Can I give out my business cards without being registered with the state?
What's the regulation of “established year" printed on product packages or logos? What defines the establishment of a business?
How can I arrange funding for building a hospital in India?
Now that even China has launched its own civil jetliner, has India even started working on its own?
How do I start a business with a capital of 50 thousand pesos?
I have a business idea. How do I find people to develop this idea in to a product like app and website? Is it a fair idea to get a freelancer?
What are the Items used for starting up a shawarma business?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
What would I need to start an assembly plant geared towards the manufacture of smartphones and other consumer devices?
What investment is needed to open a super market in a small district place?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
When should we call sign-ups that start a free trial on our SaaS which targets SMEs? A quick intro call as soon as they sign up?
What is the process to establish a company?
How can I get information about the biogas business? Where should I start?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
What licenses and approvals are required from government/municipality bodies to start up a small food stall?
How do I transform my idea into an online application which could help people?
What is the best way to reach your target market online?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
Why do most of Indian startups fail and not so with other countries? What makes the difference?
How do I start a small business in another country?
I am going to start a business with a good idea, but I don't have much budget to invest. Where can I find an investor?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
Are students allowed to partake in business such as Import/Export or any sole proprietor business in Australia?
What is the procedure to open an MSCIT center?
What is the best way to reach our target customers who are not fond of the Internet?
What is funding in an e-commerce business?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
Do you think it is wise to go for a startup without any experience?
What are small scale business opportunities in Mysore?
What is the best business in Uttarakhand?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
What kind of business can I start with a minimum 10000 INR?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
What is the next step for productivity after voice recognition?
How do I brand myself for an online business?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Where can I get help in starting a traveling public notary business in Chicago, Illinois?
Why is it a good idea to laminate your business cards nowadays?
How do I start own business with little amount of money?
What is needed to start a talent casting agency in Toronto?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
How do I start a Dell service center in Mumbai?
I want to start an online store business, where should I start from?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
What type of contract is needed to use another component in your product?
As a newbie, what steps should I take to have a successful blog within a month?
How do I develop or market my automatic car wash business in my city in order to attract more and more customers? What would be some unique tips?
How do I start a company in the UK?
What questions should I ask startup companies to collect primary data on early customer feedback?
How can I start a business at age 23?
How can I start my small car workshop?
What are some easy yet effective ways to value a private business?
What are some successful industry for business this year?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
Is it possible to create a non-NBFC company in India having a 100% investment business?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
How do startups know how to run a company?
Can I run a company in Germany while being an employee in German company?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
What is the best way to attract an investor, to invest in my startup company?
Is starting a business easier in Canada than India?
What business is the best for a housewife to start with in a small city?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can start a C & F business?
What are the difficulties you face in setting up a business?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor? How does the percentage work?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
Is the entertainment blogging nitch not too saturated for newbies?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can one start his own music company like T-Series in India with the least investment possible?
How can a data validation service help businesses to find the right customers?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
Which one is better, setting up a small business, a franchise, or buying a currently working store?
What would be the best business to start up in Bangalore, with a budget of 5 lakhs?
I am thinking about becoming a Grammar Auror. How should I get started? How can I get started?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
How much does it cost to start a good bakery in Kerala?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
How exactly do you build an app if you have the idea but no technical know-how and a little bit of money to get things done?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
What brought about the idea to create Quora?
How do I write a Security Policy Doc for a startup / small web company? (examples, templates, useful references, etc.)
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
I'm a student who is going to start working in the US in about a month. How do I go about increasing my credit limit?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
I'm 12 years old and I'm a programmer, how do I start my own programming company?
What advice can you give to someone that just started driving?
Who are the startup investors who are into digital marketing?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
What investment can I make or which business can I start with INR 15 lakhs?
How do I start a custom motorcycle shop in the USA? I am an Indian. What visa type, formalities & rules are applicable to starting my company in the USA?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
What should I keep in mind while starting my business in the engineering field?
What is the best tech business for tier 2 Indian cities?
When would be best for an early stage startup to enter an incubator / accelerator?
How can I minimize food wastage in an on-demand breakfast preparation and delivery startup?
What new business projects will be hot soon?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
If ultrasonic scaling is what we are going to perform when(if) we set up a clinic, why are we wasting our UG practising hand scaling?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
How much does it cost to set up an aesthetic clinic financially, legally, and in terms of infrastructure? How can I advertise? I’m a beginner.
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
What factors do you have to keep in mind when trying to calculate startup costs and revenue predictions?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
How do I start my life after graduating?
What is the procedure to start a new helping hands trust or NGO?
What is the best business to start up in a city like Nagpur?
Would you include a Louder Than Liftoff Silver Bullet and API 2500 in the best must-have outboard effects unit for a startup mastering studio?
What are all the issues one can face after initiating a self owned interior designing & construction firm?
How can I register a merchandise company along with the formalities like current account, tin and din number?
Which business can I start if I have only 10k?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Can one be successful if they start out at 28?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How much should I sell my trading business?
What is best way to market IT staffing services to banks?
How do I gain credibility with customers in my new online business (it's not an online store) it’s a servicing company?
Jio has paved the way for startup companies, which can use the same model as Jio. Will startup companies be able to achieve success?
Is it legal for a limited liability partnership (LLP) to raise money in India in the form of investments?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
How can I start my own business? I have been doing a job for 5 years, and all that time the thing I have seen is bounded with too many SOPs.
What is the scope for fodder business in Hyderabad?
What is some information about the food delivery startups in Japan?
How is France in terms of innovations & startups? What are the national problems in this sector?
If you have 5 lakhs in your hand, which business can you start in India so that it can give you a good income and great success?
How do I start a small business, like selling only one or two dishes? Is it tough to start such a small shop in Mumbai?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
How do I revive my business when I have no money left?
I'd like to start in the liquor business (craft beer) in Genoa, Italy. Where should I start?
What important things do I need to keep in mind before starting preparation for the RBI during my graduation period? What should my action plan be?
What kind of education do I need if I wish to start agriculture in UP, India?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How do new startups get financed?
In order to optimise your business so that it gives you everything you want, what would you absolutely need to have in place before you launch?
How do we calculate/estimate the minimum amount of natural uranium required in order to reach criticality?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
What kind of experience is required to start an import-export business? I am going to start looking for job opportunities in the same field for the next two years.
Are there any legal requirements to start an online travel business from home in the EU? We will mainly be 'consultants' who develop travel itineraries.
Is it a bad idea to form a c-corp in IL (not CA or DE) if a startup wants to be acquired someday? Why?
Did the early pioneer (our forebears) know the fetus development stages?
How can I raise funds through crowdfunding for an NGO in India?
How can I start a sneaker reselling business in Mexico?
Should I invest or start a small business with $7500?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
Should I discuss my startup idea in a B School, mainly IIM, interview?
How risky is it to start your own company?
If I White-label my SaaS, will it hurt me on branding my own company?
What can I do if I'm only 14 and planning to be a nurse? What are some things I could start doing?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
What should I know before starting a 'Book Business' in India?
Is there any company or bank that listens to startup ideas and invests?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
Is it worthwhile to pursue an MBA before starting a business or a startup?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Which business will be good in the coming years?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
How many departments are needed to launch a startup in India?
How do I start an import/export business from scratch? Please explain step by step.
I love making desserts, I make cakes for my relatives' birthdays. I would like to start my confectionery business, what would I have to do?
I want to start a profitable online side business. What mini steps should I take first to get started?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
What are some of the start-up companies to start as a physical design engineer for a fresher?
How do I survey the market, before starting a business in USA?
If given an opportunity to switch from tech. to management at a very early stage, which way should I go?
What business should I start with 100k, in Canada?
How can I start a new business in Delhi with Rs. 50,000?
Can an employee bootstrap a startup?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
I am planning to launch a job board website. What are the most important things I need to consider before I launch my site?
Will it be a good choice to start up with Section C followed by B&A in the CBSE English exam?
How can you gain trust for an online business?
What are some ways to start your own custom design furniture business in Egypt?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
What are some of the greatest startup stories in India in the past?
Who was the cofounder of Apple?
Do you have any ideas about a small business?
How much money would I need to start a mobile tire repair business?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
How do I design a pamphlet for my new mobile shop? What offers can I give to customers?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production?
What type of members are involved in an animation team? What are their roles and significance?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
When I sell shares of my company to an investor, what percentage do I take and what percentage of that money goes to the company?
Do e-rickshaw drivers in Karachi earn more? Is it a good business to start?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
How do I start from scratch for the GMAT?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Write a short note on lifting the corporate veil. What is the process of registration for a company?
What kind of startup can be setup in rural India?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
What licenses do I require to start a night delivery restaurant in Mumbai?
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What is the process for starting a private university in Nepal?
Which is the best business to start with 5 to 7 Lakhs in Mumbai?
What type of private business for a foreigner is commonly successful in Malaysia?
What do you wish somebody told you before starting out as a business mom?
I am starting a new online shop. Which Shopify application can you recommend?
When did Singapore start trading with India?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
How good will be the startup scenario in India in the next 5 years?
Is starting a commercial portal/website profitable in India?
Is it possible to start a technology business at home? If so how?
What brought about the idea to create Quora?
What is that best way to create values in products?
Have you observe one thing that when you join in a new company in starting days you miss your old company?
What are best/interesting start-up business ideas?
What is a process to bring a lifestyle hardware device idea to the market?
How can one start a scrap business in India?
How much can I use to start mini super market in Nigeria?
How can I register my home startup cafe on portals like Foodpanda or Swiggy? What are the legal documents required?
Do investors typically invest in business, products, or ideas?
Are there any good foreign universities that have a fee of less than 5,00,000 rupees for under graduation (preferably BTech or business management)?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
What is a typical structure for revenue sharing with a company you are assisting with growth? Can you give me some guidance on the specifics?
How much money is required for a good sweets business?
What was your experience when your child started college?
I am 14 years old and I would like to start a business. What sort of items can I sell?
Considering a site is already selected, how much investment is required to start a silver mine? What is the approximate return of investment time?
I am CA. I want to start my own business and shop in India. Can I?
Is it legal to start an online market based on a personally owned cryptocurrency?
How do you become an expert in business from scratch?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
How is your experience of running a business in India?
What stuff can I buy from Dammam to sell in Khobar as a part-time business?
Is it better to work for a FTSE 100 tech company or a startup company as a CS graduate?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
How can a fresher civil engineer start to earn a good income with his own business?
What are the best low-investment startups in India?
How would a sample company market their services?
What things are to keep in mind before appearing in a Bank exam?
What are the best industries for business this year?
I need an investor for my latest idea, how do I find one?
What are the low-investment high profit new business?
What business can be done from home?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
What steps do I need to take to start a classified site in India?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
What is the best procedure to build a good website? Where should I start and what are the different steps?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
What are some new e-commerce business ideas this year?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
How do I breed a culture of 'excellence' in a Silicon Valley startup?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is your experience with the catering business in India?
What are the most efficient strategies for starting an Instagram account for my own business?
I want to earn money and when I finish my civil engineering degree, I want to start my own real estate business. What should I do?
I want to start service center for LED displays. Is it profitable?
How can I start business in Zoomcar with my car?
Should you incorporate directly in a foreign country or incorporate as a subsidiary of your existing company?
What business is profitable in a local market these days?
How much capital is required to start a jewellery store in India if I already have the space?
What are some kinds of business ideas for start up in low cost?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is a “modelling agency”, and what do I need to start one?
It’s been more than 10 years, and I got bored of an IT job and want to do some business. Any ideas?
Is starting an e-commerce business with drop shipping a viable business model in India? If so, how is the profitability?
How can I start an agarbatti-making business in India?
Can I make angel investor as my company director with equal rights?
Which business has more than 50% profit?
What are new businesses that involve less initial investments and more profit?
What's the prospect of opening a creative home products store?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
I'm starting a food truck business. Would you recommend using a gas or an electric BBQ and chip fryer?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
What is the best way to grow within a company?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
How is the London startup scene compared to Silicon Valley?
Who is the best person in Austin, Texas to help fund a startup?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
What are some small-scale companies where I can start my career in Data Science (in Pune)?
What is the best way to market an IT staffing service to the banks?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What do you choose between starting up a company or going to IIM?
What is the best business to do in Chennai?
What are steps to succeed in your small business?
Can I start a Pvt. Ltd. company while working in a Ltd. company?
Can I start my own company and become a CEO of the company?
What are the chances of someone getting a business investor through Quora? Do you mind sharing your experience?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What type of manufacturing business startup ideas are good for new entrepreneurs with low investment?
What are the most innovative production businesses in your city that you can start with 45000€?
We know that approximately 90% of startups fail, so why do people who aren't truly motivated to pursue their idea decide to go ahead and build one?
How do you start an export business of IT hardware products from India to the UAE?
What are some creative business to start in Indonesia?
What is like to start a business in Brunei as a foreigner?
Where can I find someone who wants to invest in a startup business located in Europe?
How much should we have for a startup company?
What business projects will be hot in the future?
What should​ I pursue if I feel I am stuck in a wrong startup as an employee?
As a goof, I want to mail a framed picture of the Fonz to my buddies in the event of my death. How does one go about setting that up?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
How do I plan a business as large as providing a service for a country?
What would be a great football startup idea?
How do I get a logo made cheaply for a startup?
Can I start day trading with INR 5,000?
What advice do you have for setting up a business in Singapore?
What kinds of business will be needed all over the world in the future?
What do startups value most when assessing new potential hires?
What are some global, new ecommerce business industries, this year?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
What are the things you should know before a startup?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
What could be the biggest next move of India in terms of startup?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
How does one open a mini supermarket?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
What are the most important things to be noted before starting a restaurant business in Kerala?
What can I do to raise money in a short amount of time?
How do you prove something happened on the internet?
What is the best business for a housewife to start while having 5 lacs in hand?
How can I attract more users to avail my company services?
What is your opinion on starting a phone repair business?
How do I start an online photo editing business?
How do I start a business letter for franchise?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
Are you from the US or Europe, and did you start a business in Russia? Can you share your experiences, good and bad?
How long would it take for Metro services to start from New Delhi to Meerut UP?
Must general partnerships doing business outside their state register as a foreign entity in the states in which they do business?
How do I get my journalism career off the ground?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
How Rahul Bhatia got initial funds for business?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
How can we get funds to cover the cost of a shipment of sanitary equipment to Senegal, all documented and not for profit?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
If our company's account is NPA, how can we get funding?
What type of business can we start in Ludhiana which makes a huge profit in a short time?
In what specific present and future businesses do clients prefer their service providers to be in 50+ years?
Is it legal to start a government job while being a partner in a company?
Should all new startups try to protect their brand by acquiring similar domains to the name of their own company?
What books should I read if I want to start an e-commerce business?
I'm looking for an investment into my startup, around £2-3000. How do I go about contacting potential investors?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
What should I do if I have an idea that requires a technology/technique that hasn't been developed sufficiently?
I realised my new job in a startup does not reflect my seniority and team leading experience. The first month I spent with Excel. What should I do?
What are some good resources for starting a business?
Does it makes sense for a start up to invest a lot in building a website?
Why do most of the Indian startups fail after 2-3 years?
How can I get more Queries related to my company Services?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
What kind of business can I start with Ksh 500,000?
What would be the best business to start if you have capital of 20 lakhs?
What is minimum amount of money required to start a computer relative business after a CSE B.Tech?
If you are given 2 products to build from scratch but only had the time and resources to do 1 product, how would you decide which to build?
Does Saturn’s Sade Sati start and end at the same time for all people in a particular rasi? For example, does it start at the same time for all Scorpios?
How do I start my construction business and where can I attain knowledge about construction?
If Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamsi were to start a business, how will they beat the competition?
If you have to choose between your startup and a highest paying job. What would you choose?
Are there any startup ideas for petroleum engineers?
What type of business could I start in Surat with low capital?
Where can I build a product?
How do I tie up with nearby retail shops for my online business?
How do I bring an idea to life? How can I show people my website idea and ensure that it is not copied before I make it?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
How much investment is needed to open a school in a remote part of India?
What comes first business or innovation?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
Based on your research, how could one start a successful tech startup in the developing countries such as those found in Africa?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
How can I start DJing as a business? Is it really profitable?
What small-scale business can I start with a 2-lakh investment?
Is pressing vinyl records a good business idea right now?
What kind of business can I start with an investment of 20 lakhs?
We have designed a new dining and picnic table. The examiner was very happy with our idea and suggested that we start a business on our own. How can we start?
What is the minimum amount of money needed to start a family foundation?
What are the strategies to use when my costumers post a picture on Insta using my product? Can I use this picture for my business on Insta?
Will UK tech startups be able to cope up with the lack of future funding from European Investment Fund (EIF)?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
How can I start a travel startup?
How do I start an electrical service based shop in a small town?
If you want to start a business without actually quitting your job, then which business will you do in India?
How do I setup a small business with investment of about $15k to earn a good amount and extend the business further?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
Should I have a business in order to use a business name on Play Store?
How do I start a business with a minimum investment?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
Is SoftBank the right investor for a small technology software startup with big potential to be used by everyone throughout the world?
How much capital do I need to start a gym in India?
What are the steps for a foreigner to start a tourism business in India (guiding tours for other foreigners)?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
What would you first do when you have an idea, keep it secret or share it with people?
Which business is good to start in the computer field?
How can a mobile app help your business to grow?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
Is it a good idea to start a company that sells/licences technologies developed by university laboratories? How can I best do it?
How do you manage to start your business while you are still in university?
What are some great business opportunity in an emerging market?
What is the biggest struggle of an artist when running his business?
What minimum investment does a cartoon crate manufacturing company need?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
How can I become a sales consultant for startups?
How does a beginner make a startup?
When starting a fashion online business, do I need both a resale license and a tax license, or one or the other?
What are the requirements for starting a sweets business?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
I have a business idea that will revolutionize an industry. It needs cash of course to start-up. Can you shed some light on how to proceed?
May 2017 - What does it take for a post-revenue startup to raise around $2–3M?
Which is the correct age to start a business?
If you have $100,000 to invest in a business, what would you pick?
How could I find a mentor with ecommerce experience?
Can I start a business at the age of 45?
Which business can be done with an investment of 20-30 lakhs?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How do I find the clients in a filmmaking business on the internet?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
What are the things to remember in all business and technical aspects when buying a small-scale mineral water company?
Would a platform that allows to share ideas, find freelancers and investors be a succes?
How I can make my own business company?
I'm 15 years old and I want to start selling apparel, what should I do?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
Are army officers allowed to run a side business?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail pharmaceutical shop?
If you have 2 businesses, and 1 business is doing ok and the other business is in debt and needs more investment to do well, would you invest in it or shut it?
I'd like to start a company that provides computer based training systems for the US military. How can I find my first client?
Is there any scope for startups in India?
How do I create a business plan as a multipotentialite?
How do logistics companies in India commercially export products for food e-commerce companies overseas?
Are there any skills that can be learned from PMI-PBA to start/run my own business?
What should I do to start a business in Mumbai? What is the initial cost of government charges?
Where can I find a place to invest my money in startup companies? I have a lot of money.
What are examples of business level strategies in organizations?
How I can get an investor for my startup idea?
What are the business fails that you face with a low investment? Why?
What are some legit ways to get my dream of owning and running my own food truck business funded?
How important is the trust and integrity element in small businesses?
How many failed businesses do business owners have before building a successful business?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
What are some safe start-ups for IT professionals?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How do you chose a good nickname to build a business around it?
Why are some Indian startups registered in the USA?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What type of business will be successful starting from small-scale industries with an investment of 10 lakhs?
What is the furthest venture round so far?
When you start a business, what domains should you register?
Can I start any business with 10000 Rs. in India?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What type of building structure is good for a company building?
What are some key things to consider when starting a drop shipping business?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
How does one start small and grow big?
What would be the capital required to start a gaming company in India?
What is the best way to be a technology partner?
Where can we raise funds for a laundry based startup?
What are the best tips for a computer science graduate to start a web design business?
What are your experiences reaching out to a mentor / investor with a new idea?
Can/should I start an investment company to write off taxes?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
What is the average annual running cost of a new/small startup in Sillicon Valley?
How does a business create volume for its products?
How can I start a private tutoring agency business?
How do I perform a competitive analysis of my media startup business?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
I just finished my engineering from an average college. What is the easiest career path I should take to start a tech startup in India?
What type of businesses are going to be successful in coming years?
Where can I find information about Meetup.com’s history (growth, startup, numbers, etc.)?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
How does one find NGOs/startups for which one can provide free work?
How do I start Quora from scratch?
How much does it cost to start a decent restaurant in Seattle?
For those business enterprises where an IT Department does not exist, why is it important to have one and how should it be set up, when on a budget?
What's the one reason we're not as productive as we would like to be?
How do I open a company with the products I want to sell in the USA? What are all of the steps that are involved?
What is the minimum capital required to invest in the Frank Ross Pharmacy business?
Is it possible to sell customized cloud-based software solutions to USA-based SMEs from India?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to start learning web development?
How easy/difficult is it to start a new religion?
What precautions should one take when starting a small business?
How can a startup NGO in Africa get grants and funds from overseas?
I want to start my own startup in food packaging business. What is the procedure of getting the liscences and setting up the production from home?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
Once I have a Duns and Bradstreet number, what is my next step? How do I securely get a product produced by a manufacturer to sell a product?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
How do I start a small clinic (only IP) in Kerala? What all documents are required? How much will the cost be?
How can I increase my teaching business?
How do I find technical co-founders in Los Angeles?
What are the basic fundamentals needed in order to start a car rental business?
What happens when you have an idea and you don't know what to do with it?
After being a mechanical engineer, can I start my own business, and how?
What are some best practices after an investor rejection (e.g., thank-you email, updates, removing access to key documents, etc.)?
How do I expand my web design business?
I want to start a blog. But before that I want to identify a problem that I would want to solve. How do I go about that?
How do I start a liquid floor cleaner business?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
I am graduating from London School of Economics with a 2:2. How important is my degree classification if I'm planning to pursue entrepreneurship?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
How can I start a hair business in Canada?
What steps are needed to open a manufacturing unit of cotton fabrics for suiting in India and what permits are required to open?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What is the way to start a new business with no experience, and which business should be started?
What are ideas for a business opportunity that targets mountaineers/hikers?
If I want to start a startup company and money is very limited, then should I open an individual or non individual current account?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
What are the best vocational skills to learn, so when I'm proficient enough to create a product or offer a service, I can start a business?
Where is the best state in the USA to start an export/import business?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I pitch Gordon Miller a start up without being like everybody else who's just begging for money?
How can I approach the owner of the company I work for to teach me what he knows about running a business successfully?
How can a startup using blockchain monetize their business if the platform is decentralized?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
What is the step by step guide of adding rich snippet for articles or contents in Blogger at once?
Did you start your business legally?
What is the most suitable country in Latin America to start a business right now as a foreigner?
How can you start a new business in Vidisha?
What are important needs (website builder and legal procedure) for startups like Flipkart and Quicker?
What are the best business ideas for Bhubaneswar?
Can I ask for a raise before even starting?
What are small investment projects for a start-up?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production industry?
What is the procedure for opening a franchise?
What are the things one needs to do legally before starting a business?
Can I start my own business in other fields, e.g. textiles, merchant exporting, etc. while practicing as a CA?
How much money do you need to open a pet cemetery?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
What will be the cost to invest & start a site like Dream 11?
Where can I find a business plan example/template pertaining to the franchisor business model?
How can I start home lending business?
I am planning to start a term deposit. What kind of tenures does it offer?
How did Ritesh Agarwal (OYO Rooms) raise funding from SoftBank with just an idea?
How can an 18 year old student start a successful business in the US?
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the best websites to raise money for individuals struggling financially?
Should startups hire employees to work remotely, or should they try to set up offices right from the early stage?
Can a below-18 guy register a company on his name in India?
What are the good IT startups in Hyderabad to work?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
How can you publicize your new business?
Is retail a good place to startup my career in India? Will I get good growth and earn good money?
Do I need a Kafil/ Dubai citizen to start a business in Dubai? I would like to start Dubai staffing from offshore in India.
How does a High Tech business differ from a regular business?
Where and how can I get free startup guidance in Pune?
What are some things that tech people wish non-tech people to know?
How can I meet a mentor who can guide me to becoming rich?
How do I start a rubber boot manufacturing business?
What is the process of registration for a company?
I want to start an ice cream cookie company, but have little money. How can I start and eventually get into stores?
How many prototypes of your now well-known product did you test before going to general release?
Can software service companies build good products?
Is a hookah parlour a worthy business to start in Goa?
What innovative tech startups can I start with $50k?
What is the best kind of business to start up in Third World countries?
I have an idea for an invention but I don't know how to begin its design. How do I determine where to start?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
I am making a web app to allow business to track their expenses, profits and more. What are some other ideas for this web app?
What is the step by step method of selling an e-book online?
How do I suggest ideas to a CEO I don’t work for?
How does one start a casting agency in Canada?
When doing a sales forecast for a startup (not up and running yet) is it imperative to include unit CoGS? If so, how should it be done?
If you needed to sell your house quickly for cash (you’re behind on payments, you have problem renters, etc.), what kind of terms would you Google to take the next step?
How can I start a financial company like www.fundsindia.com and many more?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
How do I find clients if I want to start an export business?
What are interesting ways for startups to structure an enterprise SaaS deal?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
How can you start your own online handicrafts business?
How are the active influencers in the Edinburgh start-up community?
What is a social startup?
How did you test pricing for your SaaS startup?
How do I earn from the errand business/make my commissions?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the steps I need to take to start an individual freelance business recruiting contractors for clients?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
How can we convince someone to work at a startup when we can’t pay right now and we don’t want to give up equity either?
What advice would you give to a first year CS undergraduate who wants to build his own company?
Do an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in management give one the knowledge and the general ability to start their own small business (in this case, a school)?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
How can I get a job at any FMCG or any mechanical company? I want to start my own manufacturing unit that will supply products to Maruti or others.
Should I contribute to Opensource or invest that time to create my own product?
Wouldn't a E-Commerce startup make more profit if it delivers the goods using drones?
Is AppDynamics SaaS?
What's the best & quickest way to copyright an idea or product?
How much money does it take to start a porn company in the US?
How do I start a business for my IT services and solutions? I need help with lead generation and business development.
Can I start up a blog from behind an anonymous profile?
Where can I get the knowledge that is necessary to start a successful online business in 2017?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
Is there a way to calculate the general liability needs of a business?
How do I setup a holding company in India?
How do I bring in more business?
How do I negotiate with an investor on my startup?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
What are some successful business ideas this year?
Is there any advantage or disadvantage to businesses having turned over less than 20 lakh by opting for GST?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
Which is the best and easiest way to start a business?
What do you think are the main reasons people succeed at online business?
How can I start an eCommerce business today?
What is happening when your focus to start a Shopify and a real estate business turns to focusing more on family needs and what they want instead?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
How do we get a license to start a soft drink brand?
How do I find ideas for an online business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
We are a start up travel company and we are getting contacted by investors. What are the pros & cons of appointing an investor in the initial days?
How can I start building my own website?
What's the right business strategy, when our new technology can fit several different types of business? Should we only focus on one or should we try more?
What is the vesting for advisors?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
What is the safest way to start an online business?
Is there any platform to discuss my business idea?
Will Gordon Miller teach me how to start a business and invest like him?
Where does Ali AlShamsi get his seed money to start?
How do you start a nonprofit, and fundraise?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Can an underwriter deny my mortgage because I work at a startup?
How do I check the credibility of my startup idea?
Who wants to start their own Arbonne business?
What are most important points that should be kept on mind while starting a gym business?
What is the best way to get business from abroad in your country?
How do I start a retail business like GameStop and Sam's club?
What are some strategies for collaborating with busy coworkers?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
What are the logistics needed to start a production house?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor and how does the percentage works?
How can I start my own e-commerce business?
According to you, how does one know that my startup idea would go the distance and impact the masses? It might be a small idea but turn out to be good.
Can I develop my sports profession, ideas, and passion into a startup idea? Please tell me about the different prospects.
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What is the first step to build an app?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What businesses could an entrepreneur start for commerce development in underdeveloped communities to improve the standard of living?
Why do people say the best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch?
What are the best healthcare (focus on IT) incubators / accelerators in Europe and why?
What is the best business to start up in a city like Nagpur?
What is the best start up business plan for opening up a food & beverage outlet in India by a middle class person?
Should I buy a business for 250k?
How do I check on and verify the identity of a potential business partner in India?
What's the best way to build a following prior to launching a crowdsourcing campaign?
How can I get motivated to begin a novel? (I have some awesome ideas but no idea how to begin implementing them.)
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
How can I sell my business tech related idea (tech isn't my field) that could be useful and big for someone?
How we can start a c&f business?
What is the importance of ideas?
If am planning to quit my job and start a freelancing career all on my own, where should I begin with acquiring small scale customers/clients?
How can a teen start a lawn care business without a drivers license?
How do I set up and profit from an ecommerce site?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What is the right approach to learn vocab for the GRE? Should I start RC first or should I make my vocab stronger first?
What advice would you give an absolute beginner who wants to start investing their money online?
How did you start freelancing? What jobs? What was your journey?
Do startup restaurants face delivery issues, especially at night because of dogs in their vicinity? As an individual, have you faced similar issues?
As IT contractors in Canberra, Australia, me and my wife want to set up a company. What is a good tax accountant that you have worked with?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
What are some of your awesome ideas for future cartoons? Don't worry, your ideas are safe.
What are the initial basic steps for a start up?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
What are the requirements for starting green tea business (packing and distribution) in India?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How much will it cost to open a small food or juice shop in Chennai?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
Starting up in the agriculture sector, what should be the primary focus area?
Has anyone ever delayed your startup plan for just the right time, even with a workable idea and investment?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
How can I increase donations outside of social media for a cause?
What is the step by step procedure to start affiliate marketing?
Do you buy doors online?
How do I start my future in badminton?
I want to start my business but I have only 10k rupee to invest. How and where should I invest this money to get started?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What’s the best product I can start selling today?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
How do I open a new small scale business or a startup without any investment?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
How much does it cost, at minimum, to set up a branch office in Japan?
What are the best start up marketing conferences globally?
Are sales useless?
How do other businesses differentiate between what is new business and what is organic growth?
How do I convert my company-owned and company-paid COCP mobile connection into a company-owned and individual-paid COIP connection?
Which is the best franchise to start with 3 Lakhs in Bangalore or Kolar?
What kind of business is good in Kashmir?
Should I start an IT company or a general trading company? How is the IT business nowadays?
How can one start a business in Delhi with a small investment? What are the steps for beginners, even with studies?
What business should I start with ₹10 lakhs?
I have loaned money out to some friends and I enjoy the return. How could I start a business lending company? What software should I use?
I'm starting up a Pvt. Ltd. company which will manage artists. Which designation should I go for as I am the founder and the manager for now too?
What are some of the greatest high return business ideas of all time?
Am a bcom graduate, am very interested in start a liquor business, what are the steps?
What is the best way to tell people with a new product?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
How much money do I have to spend to start a good restaurant in Delhi?
What is the best method of going from idea to product in your experience?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
What is the difference between value creation and value proposition?
Do you have to spend all of your money to create a successful business?
How can a legal translation help you expand your business globally?
I want to start an accountability campaign on our leaders in the next general election in Kenya, how can I get funding?
How do I find a concept stage tech startup in the entertainment industry? I’m looking for a mentor.
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
Is there a relationship between capital intensive businesses and asset heavy businesses?
How hard is it to start a business in Germany as a foreigner?
What are the steps I should follow if I want to make an application like YouTube?
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
What is the best country to start a FinTech company in Europe?
How do I stop obsessing over how I stumbled in my first business, which led to the breakdown of my very LTR? What should I do?
I have a new idea about wet food packaging that will remove liquid from the food product before preparation. How do I sell my idea to Valpak?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How can I convert novel ideas into useful products? Are there any organizations to help?
What business should I start with 1 million PKR in Pakistan?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do I split equity?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
How do I sell a prototype app to a company I no longer work for?
What is a list of business ideas for this year?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
I’m opening a boutique in the Philippines. Would it be easy to be a manufacturer?
What are some of the best businesses to start with RS. 5,000?
My N300 is not responding. Should I set it up again from scratch?
How is the software/high tech business different from the tangible products business?
Who would want to set up a non academically credentialed female to have a 'start up' to investigate and produce less harmful environmental packaging?
Is there a supplier of marble through which I can start my own marble business in Kolkata?
What all permissions does an individual need to get for starting a racing institution?
What franchise can be started for under 4 lacs?
How do I use my audio production skills in convincing small businesses to do or record radio commercials in order to enhance their businesses?
What can I do with 10,000 USD today in terms of starting a business?
What some of the best low risk, low investment businesses to do in Andhra Pradesh Vizag?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
Is there any stationery box subscription startup in India? Is there enough market for anyone to start such a startup?
Should a startup LLC formed in DE with no users (only a site-building phase) register as a foreign entity in IL when the cofounders work only in IL?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How does one validate an idea?
What are the new ideas to setup a small industry?
How much investment needed to start a business with Alidropship in India?
What marketing strategy should I create to get more registrations on a website which is a free platform (startup) for the showbiz industry, actors, models, etc.?
How do I startup an online shopping company when I have no knowledge, experience or guidance related to it?
I am about to have software that I built acquired. Would it be tax advantageous to set up a holding company and take dividends on the sale money?
What is the business services industry?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
If you want to make a big change in the world, where do you start?
What are the top 10 small business ideas this Year?
What are the steps to setting up a remote copywriting agency? Also, tips/best practices?
What country has the highest incidence of tech start up activity per day on average?
What business can I do with a 1-lakh investment in Kerala?
How do I begin a business myself?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
How do I introduce myself to the field of electronics (starting from scratch)?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How do you find people willing to invest in small business ideas?
What type of startup can an M.Des student from an IIT or IIITDM launch from scratch?
What are some business ideas for a budget up to 2-3 crore in India?
How do I replace an incompetent leader in a startup team peacefully?
How much of an investment is required to open a D'Mart supermarket in India?
How can I apply for a drug license and a TIN number to start a wholesale drug distributor business in India?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
What kind of business can I start with a small budget in Nepal?
Should I start my own burger restaurant or open one that has a franchise fee of 30k?
What is the least investment ever done in a business that became successful?
How can I start my IT solution business?
What are the things required to start a restaurant in Kolkata & how much will it cost?
A company wants me to create a 1-pager to describe how I would create new product. What should I include in the deck?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Should India start protectionism to build its own industry?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
What is a good new exotic products to do business for now?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How do I start plastic raw materials manufacturing business in India?
How I start a small business?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How do I startup a good business without investing much?
Is any licence required for a paid classified portal if we already registered a private limited company with a different name?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What are the best business ideas for beginners this year?
I've created my idea, digitally, and now I'm ready to build it. Who can I contact to get the parts built?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
Should I start my own online bussiness or get a job?
What are some options for raising money to invest in an established business?
What is your successful startup story?
Is it worth joining IIMS versus working on your startup and giving up the choice of doing an MBA?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
What are the best startup business opportunities available in Germany, USA and gulf countries?
Why does initiation require hazing?
What are the registrations required to run a consulting business on a sole proprietorship basis?
For a SaaS company, is it wise to do services along with products to augment revenue?
How can one motivate himself to start his own business by a doing job?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
What motivates you to start your own business while working at a job?
Does Ali Alshamsi think it is a good idea to invest your business profit in small quantities or wait for a while until you have a bigger amount?
How can I get a loan for my start up business?
Is starting a hookah parlour in Bangalore for investors a good idea?
I am 18 and want to establish a perfect credit record. Where do I start?
Why do general partnerships form limited partnerships instead of a limited company?
I want to start a job recruitment service. Can anyone give a unique name for it?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
What are the basic steps to start a fitness industry?
Why is business a good career to get into?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
How can I start a textile business in India?
Can you change a company from an LLC to a C corp?
Do you guide people on their business ideas?
What is a great way to secure speaking engagements in London in the startup or e-commerce space?
How do I evaluate the scope and scale of a business problem?
What are the emerging businesses That are more demanding with less investment?
How do I start a business and what should it be?
What business would you have started if you were an African and why?
How can I create my own social network service?
Can anyone share a list of some startup companies working on SAS in India?
What is the best business to start at the age of 22?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
Is it necessary to get a license to start a subscription box business in India?
What is the process for starting a content management company in Kolkata?
What kind of business is best to start in Ludhiana?
To whom do companies sell their data?
What are the differences between a company, partnership firm and proprietorship?
What are the skills and resources required for a startup in the digital education sector?
What is a simple online business?
Which is best business to startup in Singapore?
What is the procedure to start a sweet shop?
I want to start a rabbit farm from scratch in Nigeria, how do I start?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
Do startups need investors?
How are debt investors protected from default if anyone can setup a private limited company?
Which department should I join in a company if my aim is to start a manufacturing industry?
Which place would you choose, as an Indian, for a start-up, India or Silicon Valley? Why?
Who needs an investor for a farming business around Pune?
How much equity should I give a distribution or referral channel partner in the pre-seed stage of an early stage startup?
What is the next step after registering with Canada Job Bank?
What are the new business projects this year?
How do I set up a small business in the US?
Can I start a business in Canada while on visit?
When starting a fashion store, would I need both a sales tax license and a resales license or just one of them?
Which city in North Odisha is better to start a commercial business?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
Is it possible to start a buisness in Norway?
Does Shutterstock have to register their business in each country to sell digital content?
How should I get ready to get into the dairy farm business?
What would be the adequate amount of investment required for starting up a pharma marketing company with a list of 10 products at first?
How do I start a cartoon channel? What should be my first step?
What do you think one should look into before starting a spices trading company?
Will I be able to brand textile with my own brand? If so, how may I start?
Which business is the best for ladies?
Can a tech startup survive without getting investors?
What are the logistic needed to start a production house?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
What is the best way to launch a new product?
When looking to acquire another business (an SEO agency), how much direct contact are you allowed with its existing client base?
How can I find a business mentor to help me with my start up?
What is a good company name for a sharing platform?
What are some ideas to develop your own small-scale food processing plant with minimum investment?
Which are the small scale industries, which need less investment?
Why do universities teach Calculus for CS students in a very early stage of the studies?
What is the best place to find a partner to start a business with in Africa?
How much investment does a "poha " making factory need?
Where can I find step-by-step instructions on setting up an affiliate campaign for Amazon?
Who bears the IPO expenses in an offer for sale? All of the stake holders, i.e the company, or the stakeholders who are selling their stakes?
I recently started a home based travel agency. I always force myself to create the itineraries. Is changing my line of industry considered quitting?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
How can someone start a successful chemical company nowadays?
What are some profit-making businesses that can be started currently in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh?
How did you start your own hotel? How do you manage it?
How can I promote a small business to a community?
What kind of business can I start by 35 with 20000 USD?
What are the possibilities of a new thriving business in the field of AI?
What are some simple business ideas this year?
What is the process of starting a restaurant business in Andhra Pradesh?
What type of internet business should I focus on?
What is the best startup in construction?
I want to start paintball business on the sea shore, what are the legal procedures to take lease or use the land of government in India?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
What does Gordon Miller think is important in establishing a company?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
How would you get your first sale, if you had zero capital but a completed a SaaS product?
Should one use consultants to develop key strategies for a startup deposit for taking microfinance, or should key staff members be in place first?
What is a good low investment project?
What education is needed to open a pharmaceutical company?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
Is there any logic for valuation of a B2B ecommerce startup?
Can we incorporate a company on one name and use other for business?
I have some ideas which can improve the functionality and user base of existing applications. How do I pitch the idea to the owners?
What are the top 10 business ideas this year?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
Can I give out my business cards without being registered with the state?
What's the regulation of “established year" printed on product packages or logos? What defines the establishment of a business?
How can I arrange funding for building a hospital in India?
Now that even China has launched its own civil jetliner, has India even started working on its own?
How do I start a business with a capital of 50 thousand pesos?
I have a business idea. How do I find people to develop this idea in to a product like app and website? Is it a fair idea to get a freelancer?
Is Mike Michalowicz' advice any good if you're not running a service or client-based business?
What are the Items used for starting up a shawarma business?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
What are legal cost for London startups?
Is an export startup business a thing of the past?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
What would I need to start an assembly plant geared towards the manufacture of smartphones and other consumer devices?
What investment is needed to open a super market in a small district place?
What are the new business projects in the future?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
What are some resources for comprehensive business plan development? I've read many, but I’ve never engaged in the development of one for a startup.
When should we call sign-ups that start a free trial on our SaaS which targets SMEs? A quick intro call as soon as they sign up?
What is the process to establish a company?
How can I get information about the biogas business? Where should I start?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
What should I do to prevent my startup ideas from being stolen?
How do I transform my idea into an online application which could help people?
Have you ever pitched your idea, had it rejected, then realized that it was stolen?
What licenses and approvals are required from government/municipality bodies to start up a small food stall?
Why do investors need knowledge about business cycles with examples?
What is the best way to reach your target market online?
I would like to start my own company. What's the best way to put together a business plan so I can get money to start it?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
Why do most of Indian startups fail and not so with other countries? What makes the difference?
What can you do when something inside you doesn't want you to be successful?
What is the process for starting an online journal and what are the prerequisites?
How can we stop think about business during non-business hour?
How do I start a small business in another country?
I am going to start a business with a good idea, but I don't have much budget to invest. Where can I find an investor?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How do I start a trek agency? I wish to start a trekking agency that organizes treks across the Indian subcontinent.
Are students allowed to partake in business such as Import/Export or any sole proprietor business in Australia?
What is the procedure to open an MSCIT center?
What is the best way to reach our target customers who are not fond of the Internet?
What needed to start a magazine at university and what could be a possible structure and editorial team?
What is funding in an e-commerce business?
How do I start a career in directing from scratch?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
Do you think it is wise to go for a startup without any experience?
What are small scale business opportunities in Mysore?
What’s a good approach to selling a new website to small businesses that have self-made looking WordPress websites?
Is a Qnet business haram as per Islam?
What is the best way to evaluate your business plan, instead of doing a job?
What business is the best to invest in with $10-20k?
What business licenses, if any, are required to start an e-commerce business?
Once I have a completed iOS app, how could I apply for seed funding to help cover marketing expense?
Does a person need to be skilled to create a product or is an idea enough to start seeking support?
How can I contact the company Vivo if I have a business suggestion for them?
What is the best business in Uttarakhand?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
What kind of business can I start with a minimum 10000 INR?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
What is the next step for productivity after voice recognition?
How do I brand myself for an online business?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Would every small business need to have a full time accountant after GST is implemented?
Does a startup business have to be registered in order to use a different company's API?
Where can I get help in starting a traveling public notary business in Chicago, Illinois?
Why is it a good idea to laminate your business cards nowadays?
How do I start own business with little amount of money?
What is needed to start a talent casting agency in Toronto?
Why do you want to put up your business idea?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
How can one handle a big loss in business?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
How do I start a Dell service center in Mumbai?
I want to start an online store business, where should I start from?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Who are the best investors I can approach for a non-tech startup related to FMCG?
What type of contract is needed to use another component in your product?
As a newbie, what steps should I take to have a successful blog within a month?
What are some businesses I can start doing at home with just my phone and internet connection?
How do I start a company in the UK?
How do I develop or market my automatic car wash business in my city in order to attract more and more customers? What would be some unique tips?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
What is the best way to validate a startup idea without public disclosure?
What is the best business that suits girls?
What questions should I ask startup companies to collect primary data on early customer feedback?
How can I start a business at age 23?
How can I start my small car workshop?
Why do 95% of businesses fail within five years?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
What are some easy yet effective ways to value a private business?
What are some of the best small scale industries for women entrepreneurs in Kerala?
What are some successful industry for business this year?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
Is it possible to create a non-NBFC company in India having a 100% investment business?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
How can I start a Chinese BHEL business in India?
What is the worst start up business idea in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
How do startups know how to run a company?
Can I run a company in Germany while being an employee in German company?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
How can I start in international marketing?
If the financial plan of my startup does not show any significant sales for the first 12-18 months, how can I get funding for it?
What is the best way to attract an investor, to invest in my startup company?
Can one use Tilt Pro to start a crowdfunding website?
Is starting a business easier in Canada than India?
What business is the best for a housewife to start with in a small city?
How and where can you hire a reliable food and beverage business operative manager if you are just a new startup?
What should a soon to be Fiitjeean (12th pass out) keep in mind before the starting of the batch?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
Can we start a US recruiting company without staying in the USA?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can start a C & F business?
What are the difficulties you face in setting up a business?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor? How does the percentage work?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
Is the entertainment blogging nitch not too saturated for newbies?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can one start his own music company like T-Series in India with the least investment possible?
How can a data validation service help businesses to find the right customers?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
Which one is better, setting up a small business, a franchise, or buying a currently working store?
What is the best way to reach David S. Rose for startup advice?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
What would be the best business to start up in Bangalore, with a budget of 5 lakhs?
I am thinking about becoming a Grammar Auror. How should I get started? How can I get started?
How can I know about general or everyday problems of people to create a business idea?
How much does it cost to start a good bakery in Kerala?
I want to move in Istanbul. Where do I start?
How exactly do you build an app if you have the idea but no technical know-how and a little bit of money to get things done?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
What makes you confident to start a business?
How do I write a Security Policy Doc for a startup / small web company? (examples, templates, useful references, etc.)
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
How do startups and/or freelancers get new clients without a marketing budget?
What should be the marketing strategy to launch and get traction on a new online travel portal like dayuse.com or hotelsbyday.com?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
I'm a student who is going to start working in the US in about a month. How do I go about increasing my credit limit?
From where do freelancers get their projects?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
I'm 12 years old and I'm a programmer, how do I start my own programming company?
What advice can you give to someone that just started driving?
Who are the startup investors who are into digital marketing?
How do I find a reliable travel business partner?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
What is the possibility that I can start my own business of web development or animation designing from home?
What investment can I make or which business can I start with INR 15 lakhs?
How do I start a custom motorcycle shop in the USA? I am an Indian. What visa type, formalities & rules are applicable to starting my company in the USA?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
What should I keep in mind while starting my business in the engineering field?
What is the best tech business for tier 2 Indian cities?
When would be best for an early stage startup to enter an incubator / accelerator?
How can I minimize food wastage in an on-demand breakfast preparation and delivery startup?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
What new business projects will be hot soon?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
If ultrasonic scaling is what we are going to perform when(if) we set up a clinic, why are we wasting our UG practising hand scaling?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
How much does it cost to set up an aesthetic clinic financially, legally, and in terms of infrastructure? How can I advertise? I’m a beginner.
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
Is starting one’s own small business better than getting a job?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
What factors do you have to keep in mind when trying to calculate startup costs and revenue predictions?
How do I make a business model for the idea I have about an online selling platform?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
How do I start my life after graduating?
What is the procedure to start a new helping hands trust or NGO?
What are the great, small ideas that can make the world better?
Would you include a Louder Than Liftoff Silver Bullet and API 2500 in the best must-have outboard effects unit for a startup mastering studio?
What is the process to start a PMKVY franchise?
What are all the issues one can face after initiating a self owned interior designing & construction firm?
How can I register a merchandise company along with the formalities like current account, tin and din number?
Which business can I start if I have only 10k?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Can one be successful if they start out at 28?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How much should I sell my trading business?
What is best way to market IT staffing services to banks?
How do I gain credibility with customers in my new online business (it's not an online store) it’s a servicing company?
Jio has paved the way for startup companies, which can use the same model as Jio. Will startup companies be able to achieve success?
Is it legal for a limited liability partnership (LLP) to raise money in India in the form of investments?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
How do I find the name that a user name is registered under Snapchat?
How can I start my own business? I have been doing a job for 5 years, and all that time the thing I have seen is bounded with too many SOPs.
What is the scope for fodder business in Hyderabad?
What is some information about the food delivery startups in Japan?
How is France in terms of innovations & startups? What are the national problems in this sector?
Which country requires minimum investment for a startup entrepreneur visa?
If you have 5 lakhs in your hand, which business can you start in India so that it can give you a good income and great success?
How do I start a small business, like selling only one or two dishes? Is it tough to start such a small shop in Mumbai?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
I'd like to start in the liquor business (craft beer) in Genoa, Italy. Where should I start?
How do I revive my business when I have no money left?
What important things do I need to keep in mind before starting preparation for the RBI during my graduation period? What should my action plan be?
What kind of education do I need if I wish to start agriculture in UP, India?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How do new startups get financed?
In order to optimise your business so that it gives you everything you want, what would you absolutely need to have in place before you launch?
How do we calculate/estimate the minimum amount of natural uranium required in order to reach criticality?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
How do you predict revenue for a startup?
Are there any legal requirements to start an online travel business from home in the EU? We will mainly be 'consultants' who develop travel itineraries.
Is it a bad idea to form a c-corp in IL (not CA or DE) if a startup wants to be acquired someday? Why?
What kind of experience is required to start an import-export business? I am going to start looking for job opportunities in the same field for the next two years.
Did the early pioneer (our forebears) know the fetus development stages?
How can I raise funds through crowdfunding for an NGO in India?
How can I start a sneaker reselling business in Mexico?
Should I invest or start a small business with $7500?
What are examples of startups innovating the EdTech scene?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
Should I discuss my startup idea in a B School, mainly IIM, interview?
How risky is it to start your own company?
If I White-label my SaaS, will it hurt me on branding my own company?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
What can I do if I'm only 14 and planning to be a nurse? What are some things I could start doing?
What should I know before starting a 'Book Business' in India?
Which WordPress based startups have been succesfully funded by VCs?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
Is it worthwhile to pursue an MBA before starting a business or a startup?
Is there any company or bank that listens to startup ideas and invests?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What are important points while designing mobile app for a new business?
Which business will be good in the coming years?
What are some simple SaaS product ideas, which one can implement and launch?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
How many departments are needed to launch a startup in India?
How do I start an import/export business from scratch? Please explain step by step.
I love making desserts, I make cakes for my relatives' birthdays. I would like to start my confectionery business, what would I have to do?
I want to start a profitable online side business. What mini steps should I take first to get started?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
What are some of the start-up companies to start as a physical design engineer for a fresher?
How do I survey the market, before starting a business in USA?
If given an opportunity to switch from tech. to management at a very early stage, which way should I go?
Which is better, working under a company or starting your own?
Where or how do I find a business sidekick (not an investor) for my startup idea?
Can an employee bootstrap a startup?
How can I start a new business in Delhi with Rs. 50,000?
What business should I start with 100k, in Canada?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
I am planning to launch a job board website. What are the most important things I need to consider before I launch my site?
Will it be a good choice to start up with Section C followed by B&A in the CBSE English exam?
How can you gain trust for an online business?
Do you have any ideas about a small business?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
What are some of the greatest startup stories in India in the past?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
What are some ways to start your own custom design furniture business in Egypt?
Who was the cofounder of Apple?
How much money would I need to start a mobile tire repair business?
How can an investor be encouraged to invest in a gold jewellery business as a new internet millennial?
What type of members are involved in an animation team? What are their roles and significance?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production?
How do I design a pamphlet for my new mobile shop? What offers can I give to customers?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
When I sell shares of my company to an investor, what percentage do I take and what percentage of that money goes to the company?
Is IT recruitment a profitable business for a startup, and how does one get clients?
Which types of business, or business activities, require a police permit in the UK?
Do e-rickshaw drivers in Karachi earn more? Is it a good business to start?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
How do I start from scratch for the GMAT?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Write a short note on lifting the corporate veil. What is the process of registration for a company?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
What kind of startup can be setup in rural India?
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
What licenses do I require to start a night delivery restaurant in Mumbai?
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What is the process for starting a private university in Nepal?
Which is the best business to start with 5 to 7 Lakhs in Mumbai?
What type of private business for a foreigner is commonly successful in Malaysia?
Where can I purchase wholesale fancy jewellery for my business?
What do you wish somebody told you before starting out as a business mom?
I am starting a new online shop. Which Shopify application can you recommend?
When did Singapore start trading with India?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
How good will be the startup scenario in India in the next 5 years?
Is it possible to start a technology business at home? If so how?
Is starting a commercial portal/website profitable in India?
What is that best way to create values in products?
How can I register my home startup cafe on portals like Foodpanda or Swiggy? What are the legal documents required?
What are best/interesting start-up business ideas?
What is a process to bring a lifestyle hardware device idea to the market?
How can one start a scrap business in India?
How much can I use to start mini super market in Nigeria?
Have you observe one thing that when you join in a new company in starting days you miss your old company?
Do investors typically invest in business, products, or ideas?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
Are there any good foreign universities that have a fee of less than 5,00,000 rupees for under graduation (preferably BTech or business management)?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
What is a typical structure for revenue sharing with a company you are assisting with growth? Can you give me some guidance on the specifics?
How much money is required for a good sweets business?
What was your experience when your child started college?
I am 14 years old and I would like to start a business. What sort of items can I sell?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
I met a guy who wants to sell his business, and I know a business broker. How can I introduce the two, and make a percentage when it sells?
Considering a site is already selected, how much investment is required to start a silver mine? What is the approximate return of investment time?
I am CA. I want to start my own business and shop in India. Can I?
How do you become an expert in business from scratch?
Is it legal to start an online market based on a personally owned cryptocurrency?
What stuff can I buy from Dammam to sell in Khobar as a part-time business?
How is your experience of running a business in India?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
Is it better to work for a FTSE 100 tech company or a startup company as a CS graduate?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
What are some profitable businesses to start with 20,000 rupees?
How can a fresher civil engineer start to earn a good income with his own business?
What are the best low-investment startups in India?
What is the best kind of business to do in a mall?
How would a sample company market their services?
What things are to keep in mind before appearing in a Bank exam?
What are the best industries for business this year?
I need an investor for my latest idea, how do I find one?
What are the low-investment high profit new business?
What business can be done from home?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
What steps do I need to take to start a classified site in India?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
What is the best procedure to build a good website? Where should I start and what are the different steps?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
What are some new e-commerce business ideas this year?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How do I breed a culture of 'excellence' in a Silicon Valley startup?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is your experience with the catering business in India?
What are the most efficient strategies for starting an Instagram account for my own business?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
I want to earn money and when I finish my civil engineering degree, I want to start my own real estate business. What should I do?
I want to start service center for LED displays. Is it profitable?
How can I start business in Zoomcar with my car?
Should you incorporate directly in a foreign country or incorporate as a subsidiary of your existing company?
What business is profitable in a local market these days?
How much capital is required to start a jewellery store in India if I already have the space?
What are some kinds of business ideas for start up in low cost?
How do you know if your small business idea is feasible enough without spending money?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is a “modelling agency”, and what do I need to start one?
It’s been more than 10 years, and I got bored of an IT job and want to do some business. Any ideas?
Is starting an e-commerce business with drop shipping a viable business model in India? If so, how is the profitability?
How can I start an agarbatti-making business in India?
Which business has more than 50% profit?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
What are new businesses that involve less initial investments and more profit?
I'm starting a food truck business. Would you recommend using a gas or an electric BBQ and chip fryer?
Can I make angel investor as my company director with equal rights?
What's the prospect of opening a creative home products store?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
What is the best way to grow within a company?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
How is the London startup scene compared to Silicon Valley?
What business can be run on highway side shop?
How can we get clients from the US for us to outsource their products and services?
Where can we find new ideas to invest in?
Who is the best person in Austin, Texas to help fund a startup?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
What are some small-scale companies where I can start my career in Data Science (in Pune)?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What do you choose between starting up a company or going to IIM?
What is the best way to market an IT staffing service to the banks?
What is the best business to do in Chennai?
What are steps to succeed in your small business?
I want to move in Istanbul. Where do I start?
Can I start a Pvt. Ltd. company while working in a Ltd. company?
Can I start my own company and become a CEO of the company?
What are the chances of someone getting a business investor through Quora? Do you mind sharing your experience?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What type of manufacturing business startup ideas are good for new entrepreneurs with low investment?
What are the most innovative production businesses in your city that you can start with 45000€?
We know that approximately 90% of startups fail, so why do people who aren't truly motivated to pursue their idea decide to go ahead and build one?
How do you start an export business of IT hardware products from India to the UAE?
What are some creative business to start in Indonesia?
What is like to start a business in Brunei as a foreigner?
Where can I find someone who wants to invest in a startup business located in Europe?
How much should we have for a startup company?
What business projects will be hot in the future?
What should​ I pursue if I feel I am stuck in a wrong startup as an employee?
As a goof, I want to mail a framed picture of the Fonz to my buddies in the event of my death. How does one go about setting that up?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
How do I get a logo made cheaply for a startup?
How do I plan a business as large as providing a service for a country?
What would be a great football startup idea?
Can I start day trading with INR 5,000?
What advice do you have for setting up a business in Singapore?
What kinds of business will be needed all over the world in the future?
What do startups value most when assessing new potential hires?
What are some global, new ecommerce business industries, this year?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Is there any idea on how to run a company with $1m profit, to become richer than Apple during 2 years?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What inspired you to start your own business?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
What could be the biggest next move of India in terms of startup?
What are the things you should know before a startup?
How AI startups must compete with Google?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
How does one open a mini supermarket?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
What are the most important things to be noted before starting a restaurant business in Kerala?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
What can I do to raise money in a short amount of time?
How do you prove something happened on the internet?
What is the best business for a housewife to start while having 5 lacs in hand?
How can I attract more users to avail my company services?
What is your opinion on starting a phone repair business?
How do I start an online photo editing business?
How do I start a business letter for franchise?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
Are you from the US or Europe, and did you start a business in Russia? Can you share your experiences, good and bad?
How long would it take for Metro services to start from New Delhi to Meerut UP?
Must general partnerships doing business outside their state register as a foreign entity in the states in which they do business?
What all legal formalities need to be done to start dropshipping to the EU/Norway from India?
How do I build a successful fintech startup based on someone else's white label software?
How do I get my journalism career off the ground?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
How Rahul Bhatia got initial funds for business?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
How can we get funds to cover the cost of a shipment of sanitary equipment to Senegal, all documented and not for profit?
What can be a good idea for startup?
How could I find an ideal team so that I could start a business?
If our company's account is NPA, how can we get funding?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What type of business can we start in Ludhiana which makes a huge profit in a short time?
In what specific present and future businesses do clients prefer their service providers to be in 50+ years?
Is it legal to start a government job while being a partner in a company?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Can I discontinue my education and start my passion of doing business without any initial capital to invest?
Should all new startups try to protect their brand by acquiring similar domains to the name of their own company?
What books should I read if I want to start an e-commerce business?
What is the scope of growing an ITIS domain if I start from a small scale company?
What startup can provide their office for meetups in Bangalore?
I'm looking for an investment into my startup, around £2-3000. How do I go about contacting potential investors?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
What should I do if I have an idea that requires a technology/technique that hasn't been developed sufficiently?
I realised my new job in a startup does not reflect my seniority and team leading experience. The first month I spent with Excel. What should I do?
How do I reach more students with my Spanish teaching business?
What are some good resources for starting a business?
Does it makes sense for a start up to invest a lot in building a website?
Why do most of the Indian startups fail after 2-3 years?
How can I get more Queries related to my company Services?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
What kind of business can I start with Ksh 500,000?
What would be the best business to start if you have capital of 20 lakhs?
What is minimum amount of money required to start a computer relative business after a CSE B.Tech?
If you are given 2 products to build from scratch but only had the time and resources to do 1 product, how would you decide which to build?
Does Saturn’s Sade Sati start and end at the same time for all people in a particular rasi? For example, does it start at the same time for all Scorpios?
How do I start my construction business and where can I attain knowledge about construction?
If Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamsi were to start a business, how will they beat the competition?
If you have to choose between your startup and a highest paying job. What would you choose?
What type of business could I start in Surat with low capital?
Are there any startup ideas for petroleum engineers?
Where can I build a product?
How do you determine stock valuation with a high tech start up?
How do I tie up with nearby retail shops for my online business?
What is the easiest way to do branding for a startup IT company?
How do I bring an idea to life? How can I show people my website idea and ensure that it is not copied before I make it?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
What comes first business or innovation?
How much investment is needed to open a school in a remote part of India?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Based on your research, how could one start a successful tech startup in the developing countries such as those found in Africa?
How can I start DJing as a business? Is it really profitable?
What small-scale business can I start with a 2-lakh investment?
Is pressing vinyl records a good business idea right now?
What kind of business can I start with an investment of 20 lakhs?
We have designed a new dining and picnic table. The examiner was very happy with our idea and suggested that we start a business on our own. How can we start?
What is the minimum amount of money needed to start a family foundation?
What are the strategies to use when my costumers post a picture on Insta using my product? Can I use this picture for my business on Insta?
Will UK tech startups be able to cope up with the lack of future funding from European Investment Fund (EIF)?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
How can I start a travel startup?
How do I start an electrical service based shop in a small town?
What is the best idea for online business without investment in 2017 in India?
Things to know before starting an online business?
If you want to start a business without actually quitting your job, then which business will you do in India?
Should I have a business in order to use a business name on Play Store?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
How do I setup a small business with investment of about $15k to earn a good amount and extend the business further?
I am currently a high school student that started a business. I am seeking a venture capital investment. Are there any VC's that invest with teens?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
How do I start a business with a minimum investment?
Is SoftBank the right investor for a small technology software startup with big potential to be used by everyone throughout the world?
How much capital do I need to start a gym in India?
What are the steps for a foreigner to start a tourism business in India (guiding tours for other foreigners)?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
What would you first do when you have an idea, keep it secret or share it with people?
Which business is good to start in the computer field?
How can a mobile app help your business to grow?
Is it a good idea to start a company that sells/licences technologies developed by university laboratories? How can I best do it?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
How do you manage to start your business while you are still in university?
What are some great business opportunity in an emerging market?
What is the biggest struggle of an artist when running his business?
What minimum investment does a cartoon crate manufacturing company need?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
How can I become a sales consultant for startups?
How does a beginner make a startup?
I have a business idea that will revolutionize an industry. It needs cash of course to start-up. Can you shed some light on how to proceed?
What are the requirements for starting a sweets business?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
When starting a fashion online business, do I need both a resale license and a tax license, or one or the other?
What are the regulatory and licensing requirements to start online payday loan business in Canada?
May 2017 - What does it take for a post-revenue startup to raise around $2–3M?
Which is the correct age to start a business?
If you have $100,000 to invest in a business, what would you pick?
How could I find a mentor with ecommerce experience?
Can I start a business at the age of 45?
Which business can be done with an investment of 20-30 lakhs?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
What are the things to remember in all business and technical aspects when buying a small-scale mineral water company?
How do I find the clients in a filmmaking business on the internet?
Would a platform that allows to share ideas, find freelancers and investors be a succes?
How I can make my own business company?
I'm 15 years old and I want to start selling apparel, what should I do?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
What should I do to start a business in Mumbai? What is the initial cost of government charges?
Are army officers allowed to run a side business?
How do I create a business plan as a multipotentialite?
Is there any scope for startups in India?
I'd like to start a company that provides computer based training systems for the US military. How can I find my first client?
If you have 2 businesses, and 1 business is doing ok and the other business is in debt and needs more investment to do well, would you invest in it or shut it?
How do logistics companies in India commercially export products for food e-commerce companies overseas?
Are there any skills that can be learned from PMI-PBA to start/run my own business?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail pharmaceutical shop?
Where can I find a place to invest my money in startup companies? I have a lot of money.
What are examples of business level strategies in organizations?
How I can get an investor for my startup idea?
What are the business fails that you face with a low investment? Why?
How important is the trust and integrity element in small businesses?
What are some legit ways to get my dream of owning and running my own food truck business funded?
How many failed businesses do business owners have before building a successful business?
What is the best business for someone with a young age?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
What are some safe start-ups for IT professionals?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How do you chose a good nickname to build a business around it?
Why are some Indian startups registered in the USA?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What type of business will be successful starting from small-scale industries with an investment of 10 lakhs?
What is the furthest venture round so far?
When you start a business, what domains should you register?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What type of building structure is good for a company building?
What are some key things to consider when starting a drop shipping business?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
How does one start small and grow big?
What would be the capital required to start a gaming company in India?
What low capital business can I start in London?
What is the best way to be a technology partner?
Where can we raise funds for a laundry based startup?
What are the best tips for a computer science graduate to start a web design business?
What are your experiences reaching out to a mentor / investor with a new idea?
How do I start a bio hackerspace?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Can/should I start an investment company to write off taxes?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What is the average annual running cost of a new/small startup in Sillicon Valley?
How does a business create volume for its products?
When did the 'Sharmaji's son' thing first start?
Should I pay Rs 860 for the Lekach Softech LLP? Are there any genuine employees of this LLP that I can contact and be clear about it?
How can I start a private tutoring agency business?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
How do I perform a competitive analysis of my media startup business?
Which is the best platform to find a client for a digital marketing startup business without investment money?
I just finished my engineering from an average college. What is the easiest career path I should take to start a tech startup in India?
What type of businesses are going to be successful in coming years?
Where can I find information about Meetup.com’s history (growth, startup, numbers, etc.)?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail vegetable business?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
How does one find NGOs/startups for which one can provide free work?
What's the one reason we're not as productive as we would like to be?
How much does it cost to start a decent restaurant in Seattle?
For those business enterprises where an IT Department does not exist, why is it important to have one and how should it be set up, when on a budget?
What is the minimum capital required to invest in the Frank Ross Pharmacy business?
How do I open a company with the products I want to sell in the USA? What are all of the steps that are involved?
How do I start Quora from scratch?
What technology do you need in order to start a good audible podcast?
What kind of startups is not yet available in Malaysia?
What precautions should one take when starting a small business?
How easy/difficult is it to start a new religion?
I want to start my own startup in food packaging business. What is the procedure of getting the liscences and setting up the production from home?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to start learning web development?
How can a startup NGO in Africa get grants and funds from overseas?
Is it possible to sell customized cloud-based software solutions to USA-based SMEs from India?
Which business can give high profits from less investment?
How would I go about selling an idea to a pharmaceutical company, or should I sell it to the FDA?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
Once I have a Duns and Bradstreet number, what is my next step? How do I securely get a product produced by a manufacturer to sell a product?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
How do I start a small clinic (only IP) in Kerala? What all documents are required? How much will the cost be?
How can I increase my teaching business?
How do I find technical co-founders in Los Angeles?
What are the basic fundamentals needed in order to start a car rental business?
What happens when you have an idea and you don't know what to do with it?
After being a mechanical engineer, can I start my own business, and how?
What are some best practices after an investor rejection (e.g., thank-you email, updates, removing access to key documents, etc.)?
How do I expand my web design business?
I want to start a blog. But before that I want to identify a problem that I would want to solve. How do I go about that?
How do I start a liquid floor cleaner business?
Can I turn the building of robotic kits into an at home or online buisness?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
I am graduating from London School of Economics with a 2:2. How important is my degree classification if I'm planning to pursue entrepreneurship?
How can I know about general or everyday problems of people to create a business idea?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
What steps are needed to open a manufacturing unit of cotton fabrics for suiting in India and what permits are required to open?
How can I start a hair business in Canada?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What is the way to start a new business with no experience, and which business should be started?
What are ideas for a business opportunity that targets mountaineers/hikers?
If I want to start a startup company and money is very limited, then should I open an individual or non individual current account?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
What are the best vocational skills to learn, so when I'm proficient enough to create a product or offer a service, I can start a business?
Where is the best state in the USA to start an export/import business?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I pitch Gordon Miller a start up without being like everybody else who's just begging for money?
How can I approach the owner of the company I work for to teach me what he knows about running a business successfully?
How can a startup using blockchain monetize their business if the platform is decentralized?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
What is the most suitable country in Latin America to start a business right now as a foreigner?
How can you start a new business in Vidisha?
What are the best business ideas for Bhubaneswar?
What is the step by step guide of adding rich snippet for articles or contents in Blogger at once?
What are important needs (website builder and legal procedure) for startups like Flipkart and Quicker?
Did you start your business legally?
Do I save tax if I buy startup stock options (private) and hold it for one year? The startup is located in California, US but I work at the India branch.
Can I ask for a raise before even starting?
What are small investment projects for a start-up?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production industry?
What are the things one needs to do legally before starting a business?
Can I start my own business in other fields, e.g. textiles, merchant exporting, etc. while practicing as a CA?
What is the procedure for opening a franchise?
Do I need to pay employees of my startup if I am giving them equity?
How much money do you need to open a pet cemetery?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
What will be the cost to invest & start a site like Dream 11?
Where can I find a business plan example/template pertaining to the franchisor business model?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
How can I start home lending business?
I am planning to start a term deposit. What kind of tenures does it offer?
How did Ritesh Agarwal (OYO Rooms) raise funding from SoftBank with just an idea?
How can an 18 year old student start a successful business in the US?
If a startup wants to have a pre-sales demo kit with pre-certified hardware wrapped in a box, can it do it without needing its own CE/UL certification?
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the best websites to raise money for individuals struggling financially?
Should startups hire employees to work remotely, or should they try to set up offices right from the early stage?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of startup incubators and accelerators for companies/products with no customers?
Can a below-18 guy register a company on his name in India?
What are the good IT startups in Hyderabad to work?
Is retail a good place to startup my career in India? Will I get good growth and earn good money?
How can you publicize your new business?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
Do I need a Kafil/ Dubai citizen to start a business in Dubai? I would like to start Dubai staffing from offshore in India.
How does a High Tech business differ from a regular business?
Where and how can I get free startup guidance in Pune?
What are some things that tech people wish non-tech people to know?
How do I start a rubber boot manufacturing business?
How can I meet a mentor who can guide me to becoming rich?
What is the process of registration for a company?
My business has been given a profitable opportunity, but my runway is very short. Where can I find investors who would be willing to give me a chance?
I want to start an ice cream cookie company, but have little money. How can I start and eventually get into stores?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How many prototypes of your now well-known product did you test before going to general release?
Can software service companies build good products?
Is a hookah parlour a worthy business to start in Goa?
What is the best kind of business to start up in Third World countries?
I have an idea for an invention but I don't know how to begin its design. How do I determine where to start?
What innovative tech startups can I start with $50k?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
How many feel that coding should have be introduced in our early stages of education like schooling?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
I am making a web app to allow business to track their expenses, profits and more. What are some other ideas for this web app?
How does one find an investor/partner in the Bay Area for a business that isn't tech-related? Ideas? Tips?
What is the step by step method of selling an e-book online?
How do I suggest ideas to a CEO I don’t work for?
Is it good to start a LED bulb manufacturing business?
How does one start a casting agency in Canada?
When doing a sales forecast for a startup (not up and running yet) is it imperative to include unit CoGS? If so, how should it be done?
If you needed to sell your house quickly for cash (you’re behind on payments, you have problem renters, etc.), what kind of terms would you Google to take the next step?
How can I start a financial company like www.fundsindia.com and many more?
How are the active influencers in the Edinburgh start-up community?
How do I find clients if I want to start an export business?
What are interesting ways for startups to structure an enterprise SaaS deal?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
How can you start your own online handicrafts business?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
I have a game in beta, what are reasonable terms to take in investors?
Do test prep startups fall in the EdTech domain?
What is a social startup?
How did you test pricing for your SaaS startup?
How do I earn from the errand business/make my commissions?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the steps I need to take to start an individual freelance business recruiting contractors for clients?
How much space (sq ft, m^2) per person is needed in a startup office?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
How can we convince someone to work at a startup when we can’t pay right now and we don’t want to give up equity either?
What advice would you give to a first year CS undergraduate who wants to build his own company?
Do an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in management give one the knowledge and the general ability to start their own small business (in this case, a school)?
What happens if you buy unrelated business items via your business?
Why should I start a business right now?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
How can I get a job at any FMCG or any mechanical company? I want to start my own manufacturing unit that will supply products to Maruti or others.
Should I contribute to Opensource or invest that time to create my own product?
Wouldn't a E-Commerce startup make more profit if it delivers the goods using drones?
Is AppDynamics SaaS?
What's the best & quickest way to copyright an idea or product?
How much money does it take to start a porn company in the US?
How do I start a business for my IT services and solutions? I need help with lead generation and business development.
Can I start up a blog from behind an anonymous profile?
Where can I get the knowledge that is necessary to start a successful online business in 2017?
How do I setup a holding company in India?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
Is there a way to calculate the general liability needs of a business?
How do I bring in more business?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
How do I negotiate with an investor on my startup?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
What are some successful business ideas this year?
Is there any advantage or disadvantage to businesses having turned over less than 20 lakh by opting for GST?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
Which is the best and easiest way to start a business?
What do you think are the main reasons people succeed at online business?
How can I start an eCommerce business today?
What is happening when your focus to start a Shopify and a real estate business turns to focusing more on family needs and what they want instead?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
Is a chaat business worth having?
How do we get a license to start a soft drink brand?
How do you know if your business idea will work?
We are a start up travel company and we are getting contacted by investors. What are the pros & cons of appointing an investor in the initial days?
What's the right business strategy, when our new technology can fit several different types of business? Should we only focus on one or should we try more?
What is the vesting for advisors?
How can I start building my own website?
What is the safest way to start an online business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I find ideas for an online business?
Is there any platform to discuss my business idea?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Where does Ali AlShamsi get his seed money to start?
How do you start a nonprofit, and fundraise?
Will Gordon Miller teach me how to start a business and invest like him?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
Can an underwriter deny my mortgage because I work at a startup?
How do I check the credibility of my startup idea?
Who wants to start their own Arbonne business?
What is the best way to get business from abroad in your country?
What are most important points that should be kept on mind while starting a gym business?
What are the various ways of business collaborating for projects for a proprietorship firm?
How do I start a retail business like GameStop and Sam's club?
Do you know someone who can connect with Investors for funding Delhi NCR?
What are some strategies for collaborating with busy coworkers?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
What are the logistics needed to start a production house?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor and how does the percentage works?
How can I start my own e-commerce business?
According to you, how does one know that my startup idea would go the distance and impact the masses? It might be a small idea but turn out to be good.
Can I develop my sports profession, ideas, and passion into a startup idea? Please tell me about the different prospects.
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
How do I start an aluminium business?
Which is a better option for an MTech passout: a corporate bank or a startup company?
What is the first step to build an app?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What businesses could an entrepreneur start for commerce development in underdeveloped communities to improve the standard of living?
How do I start matrimonial business?
How can I start a vegetable retail business with 30,000?
Why do people say the best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch?
What are the best healthcare (focus on IT) incubators / accelerators in Europe and why?
What side projects have you started as a marketer, like how Crew started Unsplash?
What is the best start up business plan for opening up a food & beverage outlet in India by a middle class person?
Should I buy a business for 250k?
What's the best way to build a following prior to launching a crowdsourcing campaign?
How do I check on and verify the identity of a potential business partner in India?
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
How can I sell my business tech related idea (tech isn't my field) that could be useful and big for someone?
How we can start a c&f business?
How can I get motivated to begin a novel? (I have some awesome ideas but no idea how to begin implementing them.)
If am planning to quit my job and start a freelancing career all on my own, where should I begin with acquiring small scale customers/clients?
How do I set up and profit from an ecommerce site?
How can a teen start a lawn care business without a drivers license?
What is the importance of ideas?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What is the right approach to learn vocab for the GRE? Should I start RC first or should I make my vocab stronger first?
What advice would you give an absolute beginner who wants to start investing their money online?
How do I get funds for a business which is still in the idea stage?
How did you start freelancing? What jobs? What was your journey?
Do startup restaurants face delivery issues, especially at night because of dogs in their vicinity? As an individual, have you faced similar issues?
As IT contractors in Canberra, Australia, me and my wife want to set up a company. What is a good tax accountant that you have worked with?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
What should be checked first before the pump starts?
Which business is best in Chennai?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
What are some of your awesome ideas for future cartoons? Don't worry, your ideas are safe.
What are the initial basic steps for a start up?
What are the requirements for starting green tea business (packing and distribution) in India?
What are the best businesses that can be started with a 1 lakh investment?
How do startup websites become a partner with websites like Ticketmaster?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How much will it cost to open a small food or juice shop in Chennai?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
Starting up in the agriculture sector, what should be the primary focus area?
Has anyone ever delayed your startup plan for just the right time, even with a workable idea and investment?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
What is the step by step procedure to start affiliate marketing?
How can I increase donations outside of social media for a cause?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
Do you buy doors online?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Where can I build a prototype of my future tech, electronic product?
How do I start my future in badminton?
I want to start my business but I have only 10k rupee to invest. How and where should I invest this money to get started?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What kind of company should I start up, IT-based or data technology-based, in India?
What’s the best product I can start selling today?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
What are the number 1 books on making a business idea a reality and on executing ideas?
How do I open a new small scale business or a startup without any investment?
During Beta testing of your web app, when do you know you are ready to launch?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
How much does it cost, at minimum, to set up a branch office in Japan?
What are the best start up marketing conferences globally?
How do other businesses differentiate between what is new business and what is organic growth?
Are sales useless?
How do I convert my company-owned and company-paid COCP mobile connection into a company-owned and individual-paid COIP connection?
Which is the best franchise to start with 3 Lakhs in Bangalore or Kolar?
What kind of business is good in Kashmir?
Should I start an IT company or a general trading company? How is the IT business nowadays?
Which business you will start if you have 1 lakh in your pocket?
How can one start a business in Delhi with a small investment? What are the steps for beginners, even with studies?
What are the first steps for opening a chemical consultancy business?
What business should I start with ₹10 lakhs?
I have loaned money out to some friends and I enjoy the return. How could I start a business lending company? What software should I use?
I'm starting up a Pvt. Ltd. company which will manage artists. Which designation should I go for as I am the founder and the manager for now too?
How do I sell out shares of my startup?
What are some of the greatest high return business ideas of all time?
What are the things one can do while doing an 11 to 9 job in Pune?
Am a bcom graduate, am very interested in start a liquor business, what are the steps?
What is the best way to tell people with a new product?
How can I create or start an iPhone case/cover business model?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
How much money do I have to spend to start a good restaurant in Delhi?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What is the best method of going from idea to product in your experience?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
What is the difference between value creation and value proposition?
Do you have to spend all of your money to create a successful business?
Is there a platform/community that encourages startup collaboration and partnerships to leverage from each other?
How much would it cost to start up a recycling plant in the USA?
Are there any quality direct sales companies that do not have an age requirement to join? My daughter is 13 and would like her own business.
How can a legal translation help you expand your business globally?
I want to start an accountability campaign on our leaders in the next general election in Kenya, how can I get funding?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
How do I find a concept stage tech startup in the entertainment industry? I’m looking for a mentor.
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
How hard is it to start a business in Germany as a foreigner?
What are the steps I should follow if I want to make an application like YouTube?
Is there a relationship between capital intensive businesses and asset heavy businesses?
What is the best country to start a FinTech company in Europe?
How do you use ThomasNet to get business?
What is the procedure for starting a school in Tamil Nadu, and what investment amount will be needed?
How do I stop obsessing over how I stumbled in my first business, which led to the breakdown of my very LTR? What should I do?
What are the best ways for a startup to find paying BETA testing customers at a heavily discounted rate?
I have a new idea about wet food packaging that will remove liquid from the food product before preparation. How do I sell my idea to Valpak?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
I have 3 lakhs of money to invest on business, which is the best sector to start a small business?
How can I convert novel ideas into useful products? Are there any organizations to help?
What business should I start with 1 million PKR in Pakistan?
What are the businesses which can be started for night work?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do I split equity?
How do I sell a prototype app to a company I no longer work for?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
A new client is asking for personal details about my freelance business, including revenue and the names of my other clients. Is this to be expected?
What is the best field for a startup in rural India?
Which type of companies need 3D building rendering?
What is a list of business ideas for this year?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
I’m opening a boutique in the Philippines. Would it be easy to be a manufacturer?
What are some of the best businesses to start with RS. 5,000?
My N300 is not responding. Should I set it up again from scratch?
How is the software/high tech business different from the tangible products business?
What are the best ways to start an online/internet buisnes?
What are the best Methods of Business Communication?
Who would want to set up a non academically credentialed female to have a 'start up' to investigate and produce less harmful environmental packaging?
What all permissions does an individual need to get for starting a racing institution?
What franchise can be started for under 4 lacs?
How do I use my audio production skills in convincing small businesses to do or record radio commercials in order to enhance their businesses?
Is there a supplier of marble through which I can start my own marble business in Kolkata?
What can I do with 10,000 USD today in terms of starting a business?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
What some of the best low risk, low investment businesses to do in Andhra Pradesh Vizag?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
Is there any stationery box subscription startup in India? Is there enough market for anyone to start such a startup?
Should a startup LLC formed in DE with no users (only a site-building phase) register as a foreign entity in IL when the cofounders work only in IL?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How does one validate an idea?
What are the new ideas to setup a small industry?
How much investment needed to start a business with Alidropship in India?
Is it possible to start a business without any investment and make it successful?
What marketing strategy should I create to get more registrations on a website which is a free platform (startup) for the showbiz industry, actors, models, etc.?
How do I startup an online shopping company when I have no knowledge, experience or guidance related to it?
I am about to have software that I built acquired. Would it be tax advantageous to set up a holding company and take dividends on the sale money?
What is the business services industry?
Is starting an online university profitable and what is the easiest model of operation?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
How do I introduce myself to the field of electronics (starting from scratch)?
If you want to make a big change in the world, where do you start?
What are the top 10 small business ideas this Year?
What are the steps to setting up a remote copywriting agency? Also, tips/best practices?
What country has the highest incidence of tech start up activity per day on average?
What business can I do with a 1-lakh investment in Kerala?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
How do I begin a business myself?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How do you find people willing to invest in small business ideas?
What type of startup can an M.Des student from an IIT or IIITDM launch from scratch?
Is there any app available for the information of international startups and funding?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are some business ideas for a budget up to 2-3 crore in India?
How do I replace an incompetent leader in a startup team peacefully?
How much of an investment is required to open a D'Mart supermarket in India?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How can I apply for a drug license and a TIN number to start a wholesale drug distributor business in India?
What kind of business can I start with a small budget in Nepal?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
I’m thinking of starting an online business. What is something you would like to see or purchase online?
Should I start my own burger restaurant or open one that has a franchise fee of 30k?
How can I start my IT solution business?
What is the least investment ever done in a business that became successful?
What are legal requirements to start solar installation business in Florida and do I need a license or certificate?
What are the things required to start a restaurant in Kolkata & how much will it cost?
A company wants me to create a 1-pager to describe how I would create new product. What should I include in the deck?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Should India start protectionism to build its own industry?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
What is a good new exotic products to do business for now?
How do I start plastic raw materials manufacturing business in India?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How I start a small business?
Who are the top angel investors in India who would invest in a hedge fund like start-up? (around 2 to 4 million USD)
How would you go from an idea to code and finally to the release?
Is it easy to get insurance bond for a startup project?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How do I startup a good business without investing much?
Is any licence required for a paid classified portal if we already registered a private limited company with a different name?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What are the best business ideas for beginners this year?
What are some latest innovative start-ups made of Wordpress?
What are the great, small ideas that can make the world better?
I've created my idea, digitally, and now I'm ready to build it. Who can I contact to get the parts built?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
Should I start my own online bussiness or get a job?
How much do you need to know of a language before you start referring to the dictionary?
What are some options for raising money to invest in an established business?
Is it worth joining IIMS versus working on your startup and giving up the choice of doing an MBA?
What is your successful startup story?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
What are the best startup business opportunities available in Germany, USA and gulf countries?
Why does initiation require hazing?
What are the registrations required to run a consulting business on a sole proprietorship basis?
For a SaaS company, is it wise to do services along with products to augment revenue?
How can one motivate himself to start his own business by a doing job?
What motivates you to start your own business while working at a job?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
Does Ali Alshamsi think it is a good idea to invest your business profit in small quantities or wait for a while until you have a bigger amount?
How can I get a loan for my start up business?
I want to start a job recruitment service. Can anyone give a unique name for it?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Is starting a hookah parlour in Bangalore for investors a good idea?
Why do general partnerships form limited partnerships instead of a limited company?
Why is business a good career to get into?
How can I start a textile business in India?
What are the basic steps to start a fitness industry?
I am 18 and want to establish a perfect credit record. Where do I start?
Can you change a company from an LLC to a C corp?
Do you guide people on their business ideas?
What is a great way to secure speaking engagements in London in the startup or e-commerce space?
What are the emerging businesses That are more demanding with less investment?
How do I evaluate the scope and scale of a business problem?
What business would you have started if you were an African and why?
How can I create my own social network service?
What is the best business to start at the age of 22?
Can anyone share a list of some startup companies working on SAS in India?
How do I start a business and what should it be?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
What kind of business is best to start in Ludhiana?
What is the process for starting a content management company in Kolkata?
Is it necessary to get a license to start a subscription box business in India?
To whom do companies sell their data?
I have a business idea, can I share it with you?
What are the differences between a company, partnership firm and proprietorship?
How would you manage release for a product launch?
What are the skills and resources required for a startup in the digital education sector?
What is a simple online business?
Which is best business to startup in Singapore?
What is the procedure to start a sweet shop?
I want to start a rabbit farm from scratch in Nigeria, how do I start?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
Do startups need investors?
How are debt investors protected from default if anyone can setup a private limited company?
Which department should I join in a company if my aim is to start a manufacturing industry?
Is starting a small accounting-based consulting practice with a target market of other small businesses/entrepreneurs a viable thing for me to do?
Which place would you choose, as an Indian, for a start-up, India or Silicon Valley? Why?
Who needs an investor for a farming business around Pune?
How much equity should I give a distribution or referral channel partner in the pre-seed stage of an early stage startup?
What is the next step after registering with Canada Job Bank?
Can I start a business in Canada while on visit?
How do I set up a small business in the US?
What are the new business projects this year?
Which city in North Odisha is better to start a commercial business?
When starting a fashion store, would I need both a sales tax license and a resales license or just one of them?
Is it possible to start a buisness in Norway?
How do I start a cartoon channel? What should be my first step?
Does Shutterstock have to register their business in each country to sell digital content?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
What would be the adequate amount of investment required for starting up a pharma marketing company with a list of 10 products at first?
How should I get ready to get into the dairy farm business?
Will I be able to brand textile with my own brand? If so, how may I start?
What do you think one should look into before starting a spices trading company?
Which business is the best for ladies?
Can a tech startup survive without getting investors?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
What are the highest growing startups?
What are some considerations or legal requirements for starting a new private surgery practice in holistic, alternative, and traditional massage, physiotherapy, or any related field?
What are the logistic needed to start a production house?
When starting online marketing in South Korea, what are the first crucial steps to take?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How is taxation and accounting done if a private limited company becomes a partner in a partnership firm?
What is the best way to launch a new product?
How long will it take to develop an MVP?
When looking to acquire another business (an SEO agency), how much direct contact are you allowed with its existing client base?
How can I find a business mentor to help me with my start up?
Are you looking for a way to start your own business with all the capital given?
What is a good company name for a sharing platform?
Tailors can start their tailoring business in online with less investment - how?
What are some ideas to develop your own small-scale food processing plant with minimum investment?
Which are the small scale industries, which need less investment?
Why do universities teach Calculus for CS students in a very early stage of the studies?
What is the best place to find a partner to start a business with in Africa?
How much investment does a "poha " making factory need?
I recently started a home based travel agency. I always force myself to create the itineraries. Is changing my line of industry considered quitting?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
Who bears the IPO expenses in an offer for sale? All of the stake holders, i.e the company, or the stakeholders who are selling their stakes?
Where can I find step-by-step instructions on setting up an affiliate campaign for Amazon?
How can I make a zero investment buisness registration?
How can someone start a successful chemical company nowadays?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
How do you start a locally based food delivery business?
What are some profit-making businesses that can be started currently in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh?
How did you start your own hotel? How do you manage it?
How can I promote a small business to a community?
What kind of business can I start by 35 with 20000 USD?
What are the possibilities of a new thriving business in the field of AI?
What is a low-risk business in the mechanical sector?
What are some simple business ideas this year?
How do I start a cafe in Bengaluru?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What is the process of starting a restaurant business in Andhra Pradesh?
What are some business projects on departmental stores?
What type of internet business should I focus on?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
I want to start paintball business on the sea shore, what are the legal procedures to take lease or use the land of government in India?
What is the best startup in construction?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What does Gordon Miller think is important in establishing a company?
I am thinking to start paper plates business. What will the investment for small scale and profit levels?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
How would you get your first sale, if you had zero capital but a completed a SaaS product?
Should one use consultants to develop key strategies for a startup deposit for taking microfinance, or should key staff members be in place first?
What is a good low investment project?
What education is needed to open a pharmaceutical company?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
Is there any logic for valuation of a B2B ecommerce startup?
Can we incorporate a company on one name and use other for business?
I have some ideas which can improve the functionality and user base of existing applications. How do I pitch the idea to the owners?
Is a business possible without an investment?
What are the top 10 business ideas this year?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
What happens to old employees if a partnership firm converts to a private firm?
What are some good name advices if I want to start my own alcoholic brand?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
Can I give out my business cards without being registered with the state?
What's the regulation of “established year" printed on product packages or logos? What defines the establishment of a business?
How can I arrange funding for building a hospital in India?
Now that even China has launched its own civil jetliner, has India even started working on its own?
How do I start a business with a capital of 50 thousand pesos?
I have a business idea. How do I find people to develop this idea in to a product like app and website? Is it a fair idea to get a freelancer?
What are the Items used for starting up a shawarma business?
Is Mike Michalowicz' advice any good if you're not running a service or client-based business?
How can I start a new restaurant business in Hyderabad?
I am looking for funding for my Tech company & want to meet investors in Dubai or Singapore for a month. Which city has more potential investors?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
What are legal cost for London startups?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
What would I need to start an assembly plant geared towards the manufacture of smartphones and other consumer devices?
Is an export startup business a thing of the past?
What investment is needed to open a super market in a small district place?
Is there an incubation cell or anything of the sort in India where individuals can bring their laptops and work on their startup ideas?
What is the biggest hurdle you had in starting your online business?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
What are the new business projects in the future?
What are some resources for comprehensive business plan development? I've read many, but I’ve never engaged in the development of one for a startup.
When should we call sign-ups that start a free trial on our SaaS which targets SMEs? A quick intro call as soon as they sign up?
What is the process to establish a company?
How can I get information about the biogas business? Where should I start?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
How can I start my business for studying abroad? I don’t have any knowledge about this field. Is their any consultancy firm which I can approach?
How many women are starting business in their 40s?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
What should I do to prevent my startup ideas from being stolen?
Can I start any business with only Rs 5,000/month?
What licenses and approvals are required from government/municipality bodies to start up a small food stall?
How do I transform my idea into an online application which could help people?
Have you ever pitched your idea, had it rejected, then realized that it was stolen?
Why do investors need knowledge about business cycles with examples?
What is the best way to reach your target market online?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
Why do most of Indian startups fail and not so with other countries? What makes the difference?
I would like to start my own company. What's the best way to put together a business plan so I can get money to start it?
What can you do when something inside you doesn't want you to be successful?
What is the process for starting an online journal and what are the prerequisites?
When is the best time to start a new business in a career? Should I start a business just after completing graduation or not?
How can we stop think about business during non-business hour?
Who can advise startups on better business models or creating more revenue?
How do I start a small business in another country?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
I am going to start a business with a good idea, but I don't have much budget to invest. Where can I find an investor?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How do I start a trek agency? I wish to start a trekking agency that organizes treks across the Indian subcontinent.
Are students allowed to partake in business such as Import/Export or any sole proprietor business in Australia?
What is the procedure to open an MSCIT center?
What is the best way to reach our target customers who are not fond of the Internet?
What needed to start a magazine at university and what could be a possible structure and editorial team?
What is funding in an e-commerce business?
How do I start a career in directing from scratch?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
Do you think it is wise to go for a startup without any experience?
What are small scale business opportunities in Mysore?
What’s a good approach to selling a new website to small businesses that have self-made looking WordPress websites?
What is the best way to evaluate your business plan, instead of doing a job?
Is a Qnet business haram as per Islam?
What business is the best to invest in with $10-20k?
Once I have a completed iOS app, how could I apply for seed funding to help cover marketing expense?
What is the best business in Uttarakhand?
Does a person need to be skilled to create a product or is an idea enough to start seeking support?
How can I contact the company Vivo if I have a business suggestion for them?
What business licenses, if any, are required to start an e-commerce business?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
What kind of business can I start with a minimum 10000 INR?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
Which one is better: Stop working for others and start up your own business or try to manage both your work and your business?
What is the next step for productivity after voice recognition?
How do I brand myself for an online business?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Would every small business need to have a full time accountant after GST is implemented?
Where can I get help in starting a traveling public notary business in Chicago, Illinois?
Does a startup business have to be registered in order to use a different company's API?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
Why is it a good idea to laminate your business cards nowadays?
How do I start own business with little amount of money?
What is needed to start a talent casting agency in Toronto?
Why do you want to put up your business idea?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
How can one handle a big loss in business?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
How do I start a Dell service center in Mumbai?
I want to start an online store business, where should I start from?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Who are the best investors I can approach for a non-tech startup related to FMCG?
What type of contract is needed to use another component in your product?
As a newbie, what steps should I take to have a successful blog within a month?
What are some businesses I can start doing at home with just my phone and internet connection?
How do I develop or market my automatic car wash business in my city in order to attract more and more customers? What would be some unique tips?
How do I start a company in the UK?
How do I start a mobile case/cover manufacturing company In Mumbai?
What kind of business should a movie crazy guy start?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
What is the best way to validate a startup idea without public disclosure?
What is the best business that suits girls?
What questions should I ask startup companies to collect primary data on early customer feedback?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
How can I start a business at age 23?
How can I start my small car workshop?
Why do 95% of businesses fail within five years?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
What are some easy yet effective ways to value a private business?
What are some of the best small scale industries for women entrepreneurs in Kerala?
What are some successful industry for business this year?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
Is it possible to create a non-NBFC company in India having a 100% investment business?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
How can I start a Chinese BHEL business in India?
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
What is the worst start up business idea in India?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
How do startups know how to run a company?
Can I run a company in Germany while being an employee in German company?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
How can I start in international marketing?
If the financial plan of my startup does not show any significant sales for the first 12-18 months, how can I get funding for it?
What is the best way to attract an investor, to invest in my startup company?
Can one use Tilt Pro to start a crowdfunding website?
Is starting a business easier in Canada than India?
What business is the best for a housewife to start with in a small city?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
How and where can you hire a reliable food and beverage business operative manager if you are just a new startup?
What should a soon to be Fiitjeean (12th pass out) keep in mind before the starting of the batch?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
Can we start a US recruiting company without staying in the USA?
How much is worth of an equity offered from a startup?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can start a C & F business?
What are the difficulties you face in setting up a business?
As a co-founder, I find it hard to negotiate hard sales contracts. How do I get over it and be awesome at it?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor? How does the percentage work?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
Is the entertainment blogging nitch not too saturated for newbies?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can one start his own music company like T-Series in India with the least investment possible?
How can a data validation service help businesses to find the right customers?
Is there a way bootstrapped startups can exchange services without money?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
Which one is better, setting up a small business, a franchise, or buying a currently working store?
What should I do to start a business to sell small furnitures that I design on internet and worldwide?
What would be the best business to start up in Bangalore, with a budget of 5 lakhs?
I am thinking about becoming a Grammar Auror. How should I get started? How can I get started?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
What is the best way to reach David S. Rose for startup advice?
I want to start practicing speaking. How can I do it?
Can partnership firms become partners?
How much does it cost to start a good bakery in Kerala?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
How exactly do you build an app if you have the idea but no technical know-how and a little bit of money to get things done?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
What brought about the idea to create Quora?
How do I write a Security Policy Doc for a startup / small web company? (examples, templates, useful references, etc.)
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
What makes you confident to start a business?
How do startups and/or freelancers get new clients without a marketing budget?
What should be the marketing strategy to launch and get traction on a new online travel portal like dayuse.com or hotelsbyday.com?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
I'm a student who is going to start working in the US in about a month. How do I go about increasing my credit limit?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
From where do freelancers get their projects?
What are the best technology startups to work for in India?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
I'm 12 years old and I'm a programmer, how do I start my own programming company?
What advice can you give to someone that just started driving?
Who are the startup investors who are into digital marketing?
How do I find a reliable travel business partner?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
What is the possibility that I can start my own business of web development or animation designing from home?
If you were running a company that produces X and the market was tanking for that product, what would you do?
Are there any angel investors who invest in startups in India?
What investment can I make or which business can I start with INR 15 lakhs?
How do I start a custom motorcycle shop in the USA? I am an Indian. What visa type, formalities & rules are applicable to starting my company in the USA?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
What should I keep in mind while starting my business in the engineering field?
What is the best tech business for tier 2 Indian cities?
When would be best for an early stage startup to enter an incubator / accelerator?
How can I minimize food wastage in an on-demand breakfast preparation and delivery startup?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
What are some crowdfunding platforms from where I can raise or get money to start a business?
What new business projects will be hot soon?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
If ultrasonic scaling is what we are going to perform when(if) we set up a clinic, why are we wasting our UG practising hand scaling?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
Do you want to start an agricultural startup in Gujarat?
How much does it cost to set up an aesthetic clinic financially, legally, and in terms of infrastructure? How can I advertise? I’m a beginner.
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
Is starting one’s own small business better than getting a job?
How do I start up a business in the mechanical field with a low-budget investment?
What factors do you have to keep in mind when trying to calculate startup costs and revenue predictions?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
How do I make a business model for the idea I have about an online selling platform?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
How do I start my life after graduating?
What is the procedure to start a new helping hands trust or NGO?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
What is the best business to start up in a city like Nagpur?
Would you include a Louder Than Liftoff Silver Bullet and API 2500 in the best must-have outboard effects unit for a startup mastering studio?
What is the process to start a PMKVY franchise?
What are all the issues one can face after initiating a self owned interior designing & construction firm?
How can I register a merchandise company along with the formalities like current account, tin and din number?
Which business can I start if I have only 10k?
I had an idea but others have just developed it. Should I go for it anyway?
How much capital is required to start a construction company?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Can one be successful if they start out at 28?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How much should I sell my trading business?
What is best way to market IT staffing services to banks?
How do I gain credibility with customers in my new online business (it's not an online store) it’s a servicing company?
How can I make a money? Give me your idea, please.
Jio has paved the way for startup companies, which can use the same model as Jio. Will startup companies be able to achieve success?
Is it legal for a limited liability partnership (LLP) to raise money in India in the form of investments?
Can I grow my business with Instagram?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
How do I find the name that a user name is registered under Snapchat?
How can I start my own business? I have been doing a job for 5 years, and all that time the thing I have seen is bounded with too many SOPs.
If you were starting a company, which state would you incorporate in and why?
What is the scope for fodder business in Hyderabad?
What is some information about the food delivery startups in Japan?
How is France in terms of innovations & startups? What are the national problems in this sector?
Which country requires minimum investment for a startup entrepreneur visa?
If you have 5 lakhs in your hand, which business can you start in India so that it can give you a good income and great success?
How do I start a small business, like selling only one or two dishes? Is it tough to start such a small shop in Mumbai?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
I'd like to start in the liquor business (craft beer) in Genoa, Italy. Where should I start?
How do I revive my business when I have no money left?
What important things do I need to keep in mind before starting preparation for the RBI during my graduation period? What should my action plan be?
What kind of education do I need if I wish to start agriculture in UP, India?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
If I want to publish (for profit) a parody of a song, what steps do I need to take to keep everything legal?
How do new startups get financed?
In order to optimise your business so that it gives you everything you want, what would you absolutely need to have in place before you launch?
How do we calculate/estimate the minimum amount of natural uranium required in order to reach criticality?
How do I start up a doorstep delivery business with no cash at all?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
How do you predict revenue for a startup?
Are there any legal requirements to start an online travel business from home in the EU? We will mainly be 'consultants' who develop travel itineraries.
Is it a bad idea to form a c-corp in IL (not CA or DE) if a startup wants to be acquired someday? Why?
What kind of experience is required to start an import-export business? I am going to start looking for job opportunities in the same field for the next two years.
Did the early pioneer (our forebears) know the fetus development stages?
How can I raise funds through crowdfunding for an NGO in India?
How do big companies get their funds?
How can I start a sneaker reselling business in Mexico?
Should I invest or start a small business with $7500?
What are examples of startups innovating the EdTech scene?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
Should I discuss my startup idea in a B School, mainly IIM, interview?
How risky is it to start your own company?
If I White-label my SaaS, will it hurt me on branding my own company?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
What can I do if I'm only 14 and planning to be a nurse? What are some things I could start doing?
What should I know before starting a 'Book Business' in India?
How do you set up a company in Malaysia?
How would you hire talent for your startup firm?
Which WordPress based startups have been succesfully funded by VCs?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
Is it worthwhile to pursue an MBA before starting a business or a startup?
Is there any company or bank that listens to startup ideas and invests?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
What does Jason Lemkin think of Zenefits? Is there an effective way to manage such a hyper growth startup?
What are important points while designing mobile app for a new business?
Which business will be good in the coming years?
What are some simple SaaS product ideas, which one can implement and launch?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
How can we start finance business?
How many departments are needed to launch a startup in India?
How do I start an import/export business from scratch? Please explain step by step.
I love making desserts, I make cakes for my relatives' birthdays. I would like to start my confectionery business, what would I have to do?
I want to start a profitable online side business. What mini steps should I take first to get started?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
What are some of the start-up companies to start as a physical design engineer for a fresher?
How do I survey the market, before starting a business in USA?
If given an opportunity to switch from tech. to management at a very early stage, which way should I go?
Which is better, working under a company or starting your own?
Where or how do I find a business sidekick (not an investor) for my startup idea?
Can an employee bootstrap a startup?
How can I start a new business in Delhi with Rs. 50,000?
What business should I start with 100k, in Canada?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
I am planning to launch a job board website. What are the most important things I need to consider before I launch my site?
Will it be a good choice to start up with Section C followed by B&A in the CBSE English exam?
How can you gain trust for an online business?
Do you have any ideas about a small business?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
What are some of the greatest startup stories in India in the past?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
What are some ways to start your own custom design furniture business in Egypt?
Who was the cofounder of Apple?
How much money would I need to start a mobile tire repair business?
How can an investor be encouraged to invest in a gold jewellery business as a new internet millennial?
What type of members are involved in an animation team? What are their roles and significance?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production?
How do I design a pamphlet for my new mobile shop? What offers can I give to customers?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
When I sell shares of my company to an investor, what percentage do I take and what percentage of that money goes to the company?
Is IT recruitment a profitable business for a startup, and how does one get clients?
Which types of business, or business activities, require a police permit in the UK?
Do e-rickshaw drivers in Karachi earn more? Is it a good business to start?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
How do I start from scratch for the GMAT?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Write a short note on lifting the corporate veil. What is the process of registration for a company?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
What kind of startup can be setup in rural India?
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
What licenses do I require to start a night delivery restaurant in Mumbai?
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What is the process for starting a private university in Nepal?
Which is the best business to start with 5 to 7 Lakhs in Mumbai?
What type of private business for a foreigner is commonly successful in Malaysia?
What do you wish somebody told you before starting out as a business mom?
Where can I purchase wholesale fancy jewellery for my business?
I am starting a new online shop. Which Shopify application can you recommend?
When did Singapore start trading with India?
What are propositions for the name of a Canadian ride-sharing (between cities) startup? I’ll give $20 to the winner.
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
How good will be the startup scenario in India in the next 5 years?
Can I encourage my ex-colleague to join my new company?
Is it possible to start a technology business at home? If so how?
Is starting a commercial portal/website profitable in India?
How do you go about setting up a healthcare business like a hospital for providing services that you as a physician/surgeon specialise in?
How do I drop ship a subscription service for my ecommerce customers?
What is that best way to create values in products?
How can I register my home startup cafe on portals like Foodpanda or Swiggy? What are the legal documents required?
What are best/interesting start-up business ideas?
What is a process to bring a lifestyle hardware device idea to the market?
How can one start a scrap business in India?
How much can I use to start mini super market in Nigeria?
Have you observe one thing that when you join in a new company in starting days you miss your old company?
How do you think a newbie validates the business ideas?
How can I get a client for my web development business?
Do investors typically invest in business, products, or ideas?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
Are there any good foreign universities that have a fee of less than 5,00,000 rupees for under graduation (preferably BTech or business management)?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
What are your ideas to register a Paan stall alongside Zilla Parishad Road?
What is a typical structure for revenue sharing with a company you are assisting with growth? Can you give me some guidance on the specifics?
How much money is required for a good sweets business?
What was your experience when your child started college?
I am 14 years old and I would like to start a business. What sort of items can I sell?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
I met a guy who wants to sell his business, and I know a business broker. How can I introduce the two, and make a percentage when it sells?
How should I start to lean data base?
Considering a site is already selected, how much investment is required to start a silver mine? What is the approximate return of investment time?
I am CA. I want to start my own business and shop in India. Can I?
How do you become an expert in business from scratch?
Is it legal to start an online market based on a personally owned cryptocurrency?
What stuff can I buy from Dammam to sell in Khobar as a part-time business?
How is your experience of running a business in India?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
Is it better to work for a FTSE 100 tech company or a startup company as a CS graduate?
What is the best business for a small land?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
What are some profitable businesses to start with 20,000 rupees?
How can a fresher civil engineer start to earn a good income with his own business?
What are the best low-investment startups in India?
What is the best kind of business to do in a mall?
What are some product ideas to help elderly people?
How would a sample company market their services?
What things are to keep in mind before appearing in a Bank exam?
What are the best industries for business this year?
I need an investor for my latest idea, how do I find one?
What are the low-investment high profit new business?
What business can be done from home?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
What steps do I need to take to start a classified site in India?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
Why can someone under 16 years of age start a business but they cannot work for a business?
What is the best procedure to build a good website? Where should I start and what are the different steps?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
What are some new e-commerce business ideas this year?
How do I get an investor for a pre-seed startup?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
How do I breed a culture of 'excellence' in a Silicon Valley startup?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is your experience with the catering business in India?
What are the most efficient strategies for starting an Instagram account for my own business?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
I want to earn money and when I finish my civil engineering degree, I want to start my own real estate business. What should I do?
I want to start service center for LED displays. Is it profitable?
How much money is needed to start a business like Flipkart?
How can I start business in Zoomcar with my car?
Should you incorporate directly in a foreign country or incorporate as a subsidiary of your existing company?
What business is profitable in a local market these days?
How much capital is required to start a jewellery store in India if I already have the space?
What are some kinds of business ideas for start up in low cost?
How do you know if your small business idea is feasible enough without spending money?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
What will become the next billion dollar company?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is a “modelling agency”, and what do I need to start one?
It’s been more than 10 years, and I got bored of an IT job and want to do some business. Any ideas?
How can I start a mobile manufacturing plant in India?
Is starting an e-commerce business with drop shipping a viable business model in India? If so, how is the profitability?
How can I start an agarbatti-making business in India?
Which business has more than 50% profit?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
What are new businesses that involve less initial investments and more profit?
I'm starting a food truck business. Would you recommend using a gas or an electric BBQ and chip fryer?
Can I make angel investor as my company director with equal rights?
What's the prospect of opening a creative home products store?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
What is the best way to grow within a company?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
How is the London startup scene compared to Silicon Valley?
What business can be run on highway side shop?
How can we get clients from the US for us to outsource their products and services?
Where can we find new ideas to invest in?
Who is the best person in Austin, Texas to help fund a startup?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
What are some small-scale companies where I can start my career in Data Science (in Pune)?
What are the biggest challenges that you've face while learning internet marketing or while starting an online business?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What do you choose between starting up a company or going to IIM?
What is the best way to market an IT staffing service to the banks?
What is the best business to do in Chennai?
What are steps to succeed in your small business?
I want to move in Istanbul. Where do I start?
Where I can get business ideas and business plans for sales?
Can I start a Pvt. Ltd. company while working in a Ltd. company?
Can I start my own company and become a CEO of the company?
What are the chances of someone getting a business investor through Quora? Do you mind sharing your experience?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What type of manufacturing business startup ideas are good for new entrepreneurs with low investment?
What are the most innovative production businesses in your city that you can start with 45000€?
We know that approximately 90% of startups fail, so why do people who aren't truly motivated to pursue their idea decide to go ahead and build one?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
How do you start an export business of IT hardware products from India to the UAE?
What are some creative business to start in Indonesia?
How I can start?
What is like to start a business in Brunei as a foreigner?
Where can I find someone who wants to invest in a startup business located in Europe?
What are some unconventional methods you used to acquire your first 10 customer for your SaaS startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
What business projects will be hot in the future?
What should​ I pursue if I feel I am stuck in a wrong startup as an employee?
As a goof, I want to mail a framed picture of the Fonz to my buddies in the event of my death. How does one go about setting that up?
I want to start a cleaner campus initiative in my college. Any suggestions as to how I can go about it?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
How do I get a logo made cheaply for a startup?
How do I plan a business as large as providing a service for a country?
What would be a great football startup idea?
Can I start day trading with INR 5,000?
What advice do you have for setting up a business in Singapore?
What kinds of business will be needed all over the world in the future?
What do startups value most when assessing new potential hires?
What is the importance of knowledge of economics for launching a start-up in India?
What are some global, new ecommerce business industries, this year?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Is there any idea on how to run a company with $1m profit, to become richer than Apple during 2 years?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
Which is the best firm for doing a new company registration and legal formalities in Bangalore?
What inspired you to start your own business?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
What could be the biggest next move of India in terms of startup?
What are the things you should know before a startup?
How AI startups must compete with Google?
What things must be done if you want to set up a manufacturing unit in India as a new startup?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
How does one open a mini supermarket?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
What are the most important things to be noted before starting a restaurant business in Kerala?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
What can I do to raise money in a short amount of time?
What are some new trends in startups?
How do you prove something happened on the internet?
What is the best business for a housewife to start while having 5 lacs in hand?
How can I attract more users to avail my company services?
What is your opinion on starting a phone repair business?
How do I start an online photo editing business?
How do I start a business letter for franchise?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
Are you from the US or Europe, and did you start a business in Russia? Can you share your experiences, good and bad?
How long would it take for Metro services to start from New Delhi to Meerut UP?
Must general partnerships doing business outside their state register as a foreign entity in the states in which they do business?
What all legal formalities need to be done to start dropshipping to the EU/Norway from India?
How do I build a successful fintech startup based on someone else's white label software?
How do I get my journalism career off the ground?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
Why do you need to register a company?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
What is the base amount of shares one should give to prospective tech startup hires?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
How Rahul Bhatia got initial funds for business?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
How can we get funds to cover the cost of a shipment of sanitary equipment to Senegal, all documented and not for profit?
What can be a good idea for startup?
How could I find an ideal team so that I could start a business?
If our company's account is NPA, how can we get funding?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What type of business can we start in Ludhiana which makes a huge profit in a short time?
In what specific present and future businesses do clients prefer their service providers to be in 50+ years?
Is it legal to start a government job while being a partner in a company?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Can I discontinue my education and start my passion of doing business without any initial capital to invest?
What are the best self promotion strategies that you saw during your extensive researches in startups?
Should all new startups try to protect their brand by acquiring similar domains to the name of their own company?
What books should I read if I want to start an e-commerce business?
What is the scope of growing an ITIS domain if I start from a small scale company?
What startup can provide their office for meetups in Bangalore?
I'm looking for an investment into my startup, around £2-3000. How do I go about contacting potential investors?
How much do we need to invest to start a software company?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
What should I do if I have an idea that requires a technology/technique that hasn't been developed sufficiently?
I realised my new job in a startup does not reflect my seniority and team leading experience. The first month I spent with Excel. What should I do?
How do I reach more students with my Spanish teaching business?
What are some good resources for starting a business?
Does it makes sense for a start up to invest a lot in building a website?
Why do most of the Indian startups fail after 2-3 years?
How can I get more Queries related to my company Services?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
What kind of business can I start with Ksh 500,000?
What would be the best business to start if you have capital of 20 lakhs?
What is minimum amount of money required to start a computer relative business after a CSE B.Tech?
If you are given 2 products to build from scratch but only had the time and resources to do 1 product, how would you decide which to build?
Does Saturn’s Sade Sati start and end at the same time for all people in a particular rasi? For example, does it start at the same time for all Scorpios?
How do I start my construction business and where can I attain knowledge about construction?
How do I start an online store in India?
If Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamsi were to start a business, how will they beat the competition?
If you have to choose between your startup and a highest paying job. What would you choose?
What type of business could I start in Surat with low capital?
Are there any startup ideas for petroleum engineers?
Where can I build a product?
How do you determine stock valuation with a high tech start up?
How do I tie up with nearby retail shops for my online business?
What is the easiest way to do branding for a startup IT company?
How do I bring an idea to life? How can I show people my website idea and ensure that it is not copied before I make it?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
What comes first business or innovation?
How much investment is needed to open a school in a remote part of India?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Based on your research, how could one start a successful tech startup in the developing countries such as those found in Africa?
How can I start DJing as a business? Is it really profitable?
What small-scale business can I start with a 2-lakh investment?
Is pressing vinyl records a good business idea right now?
What kind of business can I start with an investment of 20 lakhs?
If you were to start an internet-based business today from scratch, what would it be?
How do I find myself a mentor to guide me through my career path?
What is a startup’s story?
We have designed a new dining and picnic table. The examiner was very happy with our idea and suggested that we start a business on our own. How can we start?
What is the minimum amount of money needed to start a family foundation?
What are the strategies to use when my costumers post a picture on Insta using my product? Can I use this picture for my business on Insta?
Will UK tech startups be able to cope up with the lack of future funding from European Investment Fund (EIF)?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
How can I start a travel startup?
How do I start an electrical service based shop in a small town?
What is the best idea for online business without investment in 2017 in India?
What are the legal documents needed to start a business like Flipkart?
Things to know before starting an online business?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
If you want to start a business without actually quitting your job, then which business will you do in India?
Should I have a business in order to use a business name on Play Store?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
How do I setup a small business with investment of about $15k to earn a good amount and extend the business further?
I am currently a high school student that started a business. I am seeking a venture capital investment. Are there any VC's that invest with teens?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
How do I start a business with a minimum investment?
Hi I want to go into Analytics, how should I start from scratch?
Is SoftBank the right investor for a small technology software startup with big potential to be used by everyone throughout the world?
How much capital do I need to start a gym in India?
What are the steps for a foreigner to start a tourism business in India (guiding tours for other foreigners)?
What are Indian startups?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
What would you first do when you have an idea, keep it secret or share it with people?
Which business is good to start in the computer field?
How can a mobile app help your business to grow?
Is it a good idea to start a company that sells/licences technologies developed by university laboratories? How can I best do it?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
How do you manage to start your business while you are still in university?
What are some great business opportunity in an emerging market?
What is the biggest struggle of an artist when running his business?
What minimum investment does a cartoon crate manufacturing company need?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
How can I become a sales consultant for startups?
How does a beginner make a startup?
I have a business idea that will revolutionize an industry. It needs cash of course to start-up. Can you shed some light on how to proceed?
What are the requirements for starting a sweets business?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
When starting a fashion online business, do I need both a resale license and a tax license, or one or the other?
What are the regulatory and licensing requirements to start online payday loan business in Canada?
May 2017 - What does it take for a post-revenue startup to raise around $2–3M?
Which is the correct age to start a business?
If you have $100,000 to invest in a business, what would you pick?
How could I find a mentor with ecommerce experience?
Can I start a business at the age of 45?
Which business can be done with an investment of 20-30 lakhs?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
What are the things to remember in all business and technical aspects when buying a small-scale mineral water company?
How do I find the clients in a filmmaking business on the internet?
Would a platform that allows to share ideas, find freelancers and investors be a succes?
How I can make my own business company?
I'm 15 years old and I want to start selling apparel, what should I do?
If a person has an idea for a startup, what all does he have to plan? How should he evaluate the plan? What sort of people does he have to approach?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
What should I do to start a business in Mumbai? What is the initial cost of government charges?
Are army officers allowed to run a side business?
How do I create a business plan as a multipotentialite?
Is there any scope for startups in India?
I'd like to start a company that provides computer based training systems for the US military. How can I find my first client?
If you have 2 businesses, and 1 business is doing ok and the other business is in debt and needs more investment to do well, would you invest in it or shut it?
How do logistics companies in India commercially export products for food e-commerce companies overseas?
Are there any skills that can be learned from PMI-PBA to start/run my own business?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail pharmaceutical shop?
Where can I find a place to invest my money in startup companies? I have a lot of money.
What are examples of business level strategies in organizations?
How I can get an investor for my startup idea?
How do I cope with the indecisiveness of investing in a business?
What are the business fails that you face with a low investment? Why?
How important is the trust and integrity element in small businesses?
What are some legit ways to get my dream of owning and running my own food truck business funded?
How many failed businesses do business owners have before building a successful business?
What is the best business for someone with a young age?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
What are some safe start-ups for IT professionals?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How do you chose a good nickname to build a business around it?
Why are some Indian startups registered in the USA?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What type of business will be successful starting from small-scale industries with an investment of 10 lakhs?
What is the furthest venture round so far?
When you start a business, what domains should you register?
What type of business should I start if I only have 1 lakh rupees?
What is the side business that most of the sw engineers are doing?
Can I build a startup as a Digital Nomad?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
What type of building structure is good for a company building?
What are some key things to consider when starting a drop shipping business?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
How does one start small and grow big?
What would be the capital required to start a gaming company in India?
What low capital business can I start in London?
What is the best way to be a technology partner?
Where can we raise funds for a laundry based startup?
What are the best tips for a computer science graduate to start a web design business?
What are your experiences reaching out to a mentor / investor with a new idea?
How do I start a bio hackerspace?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Can/should I start an investment company to write off taxes?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What is the average annual running cost of a new/small startup in Sillicon Valley?
How does a business create volume for its products?
When did the 'Sharmaji's son' thing first start?
Should I pay Rs 860 for the Lekach Softech LLP? Are there any genuine employees of this LLP that I can contact and be clear about it?
How can I start a private tutoring agency business?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
How do I perform a competitive analysis of my media startup business?
Which is the best platform to find a client for a digital marketing startup business without investment money?
I just finished my engineering from an average college. What is the easiest career path I should take to start a tech startup in India?
What type of businesses are going to be successful in coming years?
Where can I find information about Meetup.com’s history (growth, startup, numbers, etc.)?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail vegetable business?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
What are some internet challenges that companies set up to promote their product?
How does one find NGOs/startups for which one can provide free work?
What's the one reason we're not as productive as we would like to be?
How much does it cost to start a decent restaurant in Seattle?
For those business enterprises where an IT Department does not exist, why is it important to have one and how should it be set up, when on a budget?
What is the minimum capital required to invest in the Frank Ross Pharmacy business?
How do I open a company with the products I want to sell in the USA? What are all of the steps that are involved?
How do I start Quora from scratch?
What technology do you need in order to start a good audible podcast?
What kind of startups is not yet available in Malaysia?
What precautions should one take when starting a small business?
How easy/difficult is it to start a new religion?
I want to start my own startup in food packaging business. What is the procedure of getting the liscences and setting up the production from home?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to start learning web development?
How can a startup NGO in Africa get grants and funds from overseas?
Is it possible to sell customized cloud-based software solutions to USA-based SMEs from India?
Which business can give high profits from less investment?
How would I go about selling an idea to a pharmaceutical company, or should I sell it to the FDA?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
Once I have a Duns and Bradstreet number, what is my next step? How do I securely get a product produced by a manufacturer to sell a product?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
How do I start a small clinic (only IP) in Kerala? What all documents are required? How much will the cost be?
How can I increase my teaching business?
I want to be an entrepreneur at the age of 22 in India. How to make it possible?
How do EDI providers compare and rank for small businesses just starting out?
How do I find technical co-founders in Los Angeles?
What are the basic fundamentals needed in order to start a car rental business?
What happens when you have an idea and you don't know what to do with it?
After being a mechanical engineer, can I start my own business, and how?
What are some best practices after an investor rejection (e.g., thank-you email, updates, removing access to key documents, etc.)?
How do I expand my web design business?
I want to start a blog. But before that I want to identify a problem that I would want to solve. How do I go about that?
How do I start a liquid floor cleaner business?
Can I turn the building of robotic kits into an at home or online buisness?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
I am graduating from London School of Economics with a 2:2. How important is my degree classification if I'm planning to pursue entrepreneurship?
After completing CS, can we start our own business or not?
What business is the best one in the village?
How can I know about general or everyday problems of people to create a business idea?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
What steps are needed to open a manufacturing unit of cotton fabrics for suiting in India and what permits are required to open?
How can I start a hair business in Canada?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What is the way to start a new business with no experience, and which business should be started?
What are ideas for a business opportunity that targets mountaineers/hikers?
If I want to start a startup company and money is very limited, then should I open an individual or non individual current account?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
What are the best vocational skills to learn, so when I'm proficient enough to create a product or offer a service, I can start a business?
Where is the best state in the USA to start an export/import business?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I pitch Gordon Miller a start up without being like everybody else who's just begging for money?
How can I approach the owner of the company I work for to teach me what he knows about running a business successfully?
Why do youngsters prefer working under someone instead of going for a startup?
How can a startup using blockchain monetize their business if the platform is decentralized?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
What is the most suitable country in Latin America to start a business right now as a foreigner?
How can you start a new business in Vidisha?
What are the best business ideas for Bhubaneswar?
What is the step by step guide of adding rich snippet for articles or contents in Blogger at once?
What are important needs (website builder and legal procedure) for startups like Flipkart and Quicker?
Did you start your business legally?
Do I save tax if I buy startup stock options (private) and hold it for one year? The startup is located in California, US but I work at the India branch.
Can I ask for a raise before even starting?
What are small investment projects for a start-up?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production industry?
What are the things one needs to do legally before starting a business?
Can I start my own business in other fields, e.g. textiles, merchant exporting, etc. while practicing as a CA?
What is the procedure for opening a franchise?
Do I need to pay employees of my startup if I am giving them equity?
How much money do you need to open a pet cemetery?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
What will be the cost to invest & start a site like Dream 11?
How do I connect with start-up investors, besides incubators in Shanghai (China)?
Where can I find a business plan example/template pertaining to the franchisor business model?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
How can I start home lending business?
I am planning to start a term deposit. What kind of tenures does it offer?
How did Ritesh Agarwal (OYO Rooms) raise funding from SoftBank with just an idea?
How can an 18 year old student start a successful business in the US?
If a startup wants to have a pre-sales demo kit with pre-certified hardware wrapped in a box, can it do it without needing its own CE/UL certification?
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
What are the best websites to raise money for individuals struggling financially?
Should startups hire employees to work remotely, or should they try to set up offices right from the early stage?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of startup incubators and accelerators for companies/products with no customers?
Can a below-18 guy register a company on his name in India?
What are the good IT startups in Hyderabad to work?
Is retail a good place to startup my career in India? Will I get good growth and earn good money?
How can you publicize your new business?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
Do I need a Kafil/ Dubai citizen to start a business in Dubai? I would like to start Dubai staffing from offshore in India.
How do I start an online business? What do I do first? I have an idea and a domain name. Who should I contact to make my website?
How does a High Tech business differ from a regular business?
Where and how can I get free startup guidance in Pune?
What are some things that tech people wish non-tech people to know?
How do I start a rubber boot manufacturing business?
How can I meet a mentor who can guide me to becoming rich?
What is the process of registration for a company?
My business has been given a profitable opportunity, but my runway is very short. Where can I find investors who would be willing to give me a chance?
I want to start an ice cream cookie company, but have little money. How can I start and eventually get into stores?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How many prototypes of your now well-known product did you test before going to general release?
Can software service companies build good products?
Is a hookah parlour a worthy business to start in Goa?
What is the best kind of business to start up in Third World countries?
I have an idea for an invention but I don't know how to begin its design. How do I determine where to start?
What innovative tech startups can I start with $50k?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
How many feel that coding should have be introduced in our early stages of education like schooling?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
I am making a web app to allow business to track their expenses, profits and more. What are some other ideas for this web app?
How does one find an investor/partner in the Bay Area for a business that isn't tech-related? Ideas? Tips?
What is the step by step method of selling an e-book online?
How do I suggest ideas to a CEO I don’t work for?
Is it good to start a LED bulb manufacturing business?
Has anyone applied for "Startup India" benefits?
How does one start a casting agency in Canada?
When doing a sales forecast for a startup (not up and running yet) is it imperative to include unit CoGS? If so, how should it be done?
If you needed to sell your house quickly for cash (you’re behind on payments, you have problem renters, etc.), what kind of terms would you Google to take the next step?
What do you think can make you a successful business holder in the Indian market?
How can I start a financial company like www.fundsindia.com and many more?
How are the active influencers in the Edinburgh start-up community?
How do I find clients if I want to start an export business?
What are interesting ways for startups to structure an enterprise SaaS deal?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
How can you start your own online handicrafts business?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
I have a game in beta, what are reasonable terms to take in investors?
Do test prep startups fall in the EdTech domain?
What is a social startup?
How did you test pricing for your SaaS startup?
How do I earn from the errand business/make my commissions?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the steps I need to take to start an individual freelance business recruiting contractors for clients?
How much space (sq ft, m^2) per person is needed in a startup office?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
How can we convince someone to work at a startup when we can’t pay right now and we don’t want to give up equity either?
What advice would you give to a first year CS undergraduate who wants to build his own company?
Do an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in management give one the knowledge and the general ability to start their own small business (in this case, a school)?
What happens if you buy unrelated business items via your business?
Why should I start a business right now?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
How can I get a job at any FMCG or any mechanical company? I want to start my own manufacturing unit that will supply products to Maruti or others.
Should I contribute to Opensource or invest that time to create my own product?
Wouldn't a E-Commerce startup make more profit if it delivers the goods using drones?
Is AppDynamics SaaS?
How should you decide which small business to start?
What's the best & quickest way to copyright an idea or product?
How much money does it take to start a porn company in the US?
How do I start a business for my IT services and solutions? I need help with lead generation and business development.
Can I start up a blog from behind an anonymous profile?
Where can I get the knowledge that is necessary to start a successful online business in 2017?
How do I setup a holding company in India?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
Is there a way to calculate the general liability needs of a business?
How do I bring in more business?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
How do I negotiate with an investor on my startup?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
What are some successful business ideas this year?
How much revenue would you be missing out on if your business had no online presence and reaching your business over the phone was difficult?
Is there any advantage or disadvantage to businesses having turned over less than 20 lakh by opting for GST?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
Which is the best and easiest way to start a business?
What do you think are the main reasons people succeed at online business?
How can I start an eCommerce business today?
What is happening when your focus to start a Shopify and a real estate business turns to focusing more on family needs and what they want instead?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
Is a chaat business worth having?
How do we get a license to start a soft drink brand?
How do you know if your business idea will work?
We are a start up travel company and we are getting contacted by investors. What are the pros & cons of appointing an investor in the initial days?
What's the right business strategy, when our new technology can fit several different types of business? Should we only focus on one or should we try more?
What is the vesting for advisors?
How can I start building my own website?
What is the safest way to start an online business?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I find ideas for an online business?
Is there any platform to discuss my business idea?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
Where does Ali AlShamsi get his seed money to start?
How do you start a nonprofit, and fundraise?
Will Gordon Miller teach me how to start a business and invest like him?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
Can an underwriter deny my mortgage because I work at a startup?
How can I get a loan for starting a business at home?
How do I check the credibility of my startup idea?
Who wants to start their own Arbonne business?
What is the best way to get business from abroad in your country?
What are most important points that should be kept on mind while starting a gym business?
I have to write the 2018 IAS exam and need to know how I should start preparing?
Is a limited partnership (LP) a legal entity in the US, and can it own stocks in a company in another country?
Do you think it is a good idea to invest in MBI International’s compensation plan? They are a Malaysian-based company.
What are the various ways of business collaborating for projects for a proprietorship firm?
After completing CA, what should I do for starting a business?
How do I start a retail business like GameStop and Sam's club?
Do you know someone who can connect with Investors for funding Delhi NCR?
What are some strategies for collaborating with busy coworkers?
What is a business method?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
What are the logistics needed to start a production house?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor and how does the percentage works?
How can I start my own e-commerce business?
What are the best practices for user testing and research for a startup?
According to you, how does one know that my startup idea would go the distance and impact the masses? It might be a small idea but turn out to be good.
What are the possible businesses that I can do/start in my 2-month vacation?
Can I develop my sports profession, ideas, and passion into a startup idea? Please tell me about the different prospects.
I could have a ground breaking idea on how phones could potentially electronically advance. How do I pitch this idea to get gears moving?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
How do I start an aluminium business?
How do you like clone scripts to start online business?
What do you know about startups?
Which is a better option for an MTech passout: a corporate bank or a startup company?
What is the first step to build an app?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
What businesses could an entrepreneur start for commerce development in underdeveloped communities to improve the standard of living?
How do I start matrimonial business?
How can I start a vegetable retail business with 30,000?
Why do people say the best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch?
What are the best healthcare (focus on IT) incubators / accelerators in Europe and why?
What side projects have you started as a marketer, like how Crew started Unsplash?
What is the best start up business plan for opening up a food & beverage outlet in India by a middle class person?
Should I buy a business for 250k?
What's the best way to build a following prior to launching a crowdsourcing campaign?
How do I check on and verify the identity of a potential business partner in India?
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
How can I sell my business tech related idea (tech isn't my field) that could be useful and big for someone?
How we can start a c&f business?
How can I get motivated to begin a novel? (I have some awesome ideas but no idea how to begin implementing them.)
If am planning to quit my job and start a freelancing career all on my own, where should I begin with acquiring small scale customers/clients?
How do I set up and profit from an ecommerce site?
How can a teen start a lawn care business without a drivers license?
What is the importance of ideas?
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What is the right approach to learn vocab for the GRE? Should I start RC first or should I make my vocab stronger first?
What advice would you give an absolute beginner who wants to start investing their money online?
How do I get funds for a business which is still in the idea stage?
How did you start freelancing? What jobs? What was your journey?
Do startup restaurants face delivery issues, especially at night because of dogs in their vicinity? As an individual, have you faced similar issues?
As IT contractors in Canberra, Australia, me and my wife want to set up a company. What is a good tax accountant that you have worked with?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
We are a startup social media company and currently seeking experienced developers to develop a database and a chat room. Are you interested?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
What should be checked first before the pump starts?
Which business is best in Chennai?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
What are some of your awesome ideas for future cartoons? Don't worry, your ideas are safe.
What are the initial basic steps for a start up?
What are the requirements for starting green tea business (packing and distribution) in India?
What are the best businesses that can be started with a 1 lakh investment?
How do startup websites become a partner with websites like Ticketmaster?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How much will it cost to open a small food or juice shop in Chennai?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
Starting up in the agriculture sector, what should be the primary focus area?
Has anyone ever delayed your startup plan for just the right time, even with a workable idea and investment?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
What is the step by step procedure to start affiliate marketing?
How can I increase donations outside of social media for a cause?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
Do you buy doors online?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
Where can I build a prototype of my future tech, electronic product?
How do I start my future in badminton?
I want to start my business but I have only 10k rupee to invest. How and where should I invest this money to get started?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What kind of company should I start up, IT-based or data technology-based, in India?
What’s the best product I can start selling today?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
What are the number 1 books on making a business idea a reality and on executing ideas?
How do I open a new small scale business or a startup without any investment?
During Beta testing of your web app, when do you know you are ready to launch?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
How do I put my business on the internet?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
How much does it cost, at minimum, to set up a branch office in Japan?
What are the best start up marketing conferences globally?
How do other businesses differentiate between what is new business and what is organic growth?
Are sales useless?
How do I convert my company-owned and company-paid COCP mobile connection into a company-owned and individual-paid COIP connection?
Which is the best franchise to start with 3 Lakhs in Bangalore or Kolar?
What kind of business is good in Kashmir?
Should I start an IT company or a general trading company? How is the IT business nowadays?
Which business you will start if you have 1 lakh in your pocket?
How can one start a business in Delhi with a small investment? What are the steps for beginners, even with studies?
What are the first steps for opening a chemical consultancy business?
How did you feel when your business idea was rejected?
What business should I start with ₹10 lakhs?
I have loaned money out to some friends and I enjoy the return. How could I start a business lending company? What software should I use?
I'm starting up a Pvt. Ltd. company which will manage artists. Which designation should I go for as I am the founder and the manager for now too?
How do I sell out shares of my startup?
I need to get clients for my market research business. I am a new business owner. How do I get client for my market research company?
What are some of the greatest high return business ideas of all time?
What are the things one can do while doing an 11 to 9 job in Pune?
Am a bcom graduate, am very interested in start a liquor business, what are the steps?
What is the best way to tell people with a new product?
How can I create or start an iPhone case/cover business model?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
How much money do I have to spend to start a good restaurant in Delhi?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What is the best method of going from idea to product in your experience?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
What is the difference between value creation and value proposition?
Do you have to spend all of your money to create a successful business?
Is there a platform/community that encourages startup collaboration and partnerships to leverage from each other?
How much would it cost to start up a recycling plant in the USA?
Are there any quality direct sales companies that do not have an age requirement to join? My daughter is 13 and would like her own business.
How can a legal translation help you expand your business globally?
I want to start an accountability campaign on our leaders in the next general election in Kenya, how can I get funding?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
How do I find a concept stage tech startup in the entertainment industry? I’m looking for a mentor.
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
How hard is it to start a business in Germany as a foreigner?
What are the steps I should follow if I want to make an application like YouTube?
Is there a relationship between capital intensive businesses and asset heavy businesses?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What is the best country to start a FinTech company in Europe?
How do you use ThomasNet to get business?
What is the procedure for starting a school in Tamil Nadu, and what investment amount will be needed?
How do I stop obsessing over how I stumbled in my first business, which led to the breakdown of my very LTR? What should I do?
What are the best ways for a startup to find paying BETA testing customers at a heavily discounted rate?
I have a new idea about wet food packaging that will remove liquid from the food product before preparation. How do I sell my idea to Valpak?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
I have 3 lakhs of money to invest on business, which is the best sector to start a small business?
How can I convert novel ideas into useful products? Are there any organizations to help?
What business should I start with 1 million PKR in Pakistan?
What are the businesses which can be started for night work?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do I split equity?
How do I sell a prototype app to a company I no longer work for?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
A new client is asking for personal details about my freelance business, including revenue and the names of my other clients. Is this to be expected?
What is the best field for a startup in rural India?
Which type of companies need 3D building rendering?
What is a list of business ideas for this year?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
I’m opening a boutique in the Philippines. Would it be easy to be a manufacturer?
What are some of the best businesses to start with RS. 5,000?
My N300 is not responding. Should I set it up again from scratch?
How is the software/high tech business different from the tangible products business?
What are the best ways to start an online/internet buisnes?
What are the best Methods of Business Communication?
Who would want to set up a non academically credentialed female to have a 'start up' to investigate and produce less harmful environmental packaging?
What all permissions does an individual need to get for starting a racing institution?
What franchise can be started for under 4 lacs?
How do I use my audio production skills in convincing small businesses to do or record radio commercials in order to enhance their businesses?
Is there a supplier of marble through which I can start my own marble business in Kolkata?
What can I do with 10,000 USD today in terms of starting a business?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
What some of the best low risk, low investment businesses to do in Andhra Pradesh Vizag?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
How can I do multiple business under one sole proprietorship in India?
Is there any stationery box subscription startup in India? Is there enough market for anyone to start such a startup?
What should I do while my cofounder builds the first version of our app?
Should a startup LLC formed in DE with no users (only a site-building phase) register as a foreign entity in IL when the cofounders work only in IL?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How does one validate an idea?
What are the new ideas to setup a small industry?
How much investment needed to start a business with Alidropship in India?
Is it possible to start a business without any investment and make it successful?
What marketing strategy should I create to get more registrations on a website which is a free platform (startup) for the showbiz industry, actors, models, etc.?
How do I startup an online shopping company when I have no knowledge, experience or guidance related to it?
I am about to have software that I built acquired. Would it be tax advantageous to set up a holding company and take dividends on the sale money?
How can I get new creative business ideas quickly?
What is the business services industry?
Is starting an online university profitable and what is the easiest model of operation?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
How do I introduce myself to the field of electronics (starting from scratch)?
If you want to make a big change in the world, where do you start?
What are the top 10 small business ideas this Year?
What are the steps to setting up a remote copywriting agency? Also, tips/best practices?
What country has the highest incidence of tech start up activity per day on average?
What business can I do with a 1-lakh investment in Kerala?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
How do I begin a business myself?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How many hours in a day requires an E-Commerce start up store to operate smoothly?
Should the web domains of an offshore business be held in a trust, business entity, or personally?
How do you find people willing to invest in small business ideas?
What type of startup can an M.Des student from an IIT or IIITDM launch from scratch?
Is there any app available for the information of international startups and funding?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are the best startup ideas for starting a business in India?
What are some business ideas for a budget up to 2-3 crore in India?
How do I replace an incompetent leader in a startup team peacefully?
How much of an investment is required to open a D'Mart supermarket in India?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How can I apply for a drug license and a TIN number to start a wholesale drug distributor business in India?
What kind of business can I start with a small budget in Nepal?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
I’m thinking of starting an online business. What is something you would like to see or purchase online?
Should I start my own burger restaurant or open one that has a franchise fee of 30k?
How can I start my IT solution business?
What is the least investment ever done in a business that became successful?
What are legal requirements to start solar installation business in Florida and do I need a license or certificate?
What should everyone know about startups that most people don't?
What are the things required to start a restaurant in Kolkata & how much will it cost?
A company wants me to create a 1-pager to describe how I would create new product. What should I include in the deck?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Should India start protectionism to build its own industry?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
How is the medicine business?
What is a good new exotic products to do business for now?
How do I start plastic raw materials manufacturing business in India?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
How I start a small business?
Who are the top angel investors in India who would invest in a hedge fund like start-up? (around 2 to 4 million USD)
How would you go from an idea to code and finally to the release?
Is it easy to get insurance bond for a startup project?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
How do I startup a good business without investing much?
Is any licence required for a paid classified portal if we already registered a private limited company with a different name?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What are the best business ideas for beginners this year?
What are some latest innovative start-ups made of Wordpress?
What are the great, small ideas that can make the world better?
I've created my idea, digitally, and now I'm ready to build it. Who can I contact to get the parts built?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
Should I start my own online bussiness or get a job?
How much do you need to know of a language before you start referring to the dictionary?
What are some options for raising money to invest in an established business?
Is it worth joining IIMS versus working on your startup and giving up the choice of doing an MBA?
What is your successful startup story?
How can I reach out to private residential clients to participate in an online survey about architect-client relationships?
What is the ideal age to start a construction company?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
What are the best startup business opportunities available in Germany, USA and gulf countries?
Why does initiation require hazing?
What are the registrations required to run a consulting business on a sole proprietorship basis?
For a SaaS company, is it wise to do services along with products to augment revenue?
How can one motivate himself to start his own business by a doing job?
What motivates you to start your own business while working at a job?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
What is the best way to start an online dropshipping business?
How can I pitch a scientific idea to get a scholarship?
Does Ali Alshamsi think it is a good idea to invest your business profit in small quantities or wait for a while until you have a bigger amount?
How can I get a loan for my start up business?
I want to start a job recruitment service. Can anyone give a unique name for it?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
Is starting a hookah parlour in Bangalore for investors a good idea?
Why do general partnerships form limited partnerships instead of a limited company?
Why is business a good career to get into?
How can I start a textile business in India?
What are the basic steps to start a fitness industry?
I am 18 and want to establish a perfect credit record. Where do I start?
Is it right to leave the startup you worked with from the beginning when you see that the environment is negative at the workplace, despite a good salary?
Can you change a company from an LLC to a C corp?
Do you guide people on their business ideas?
What is a great way to secure speaking engagements in London in the startup or e-commerce space?
What are the emerging businesses That are more demanding with less investment?
How do I evaluate the scope and scale of a business problem?
What business would you have started if you were an African and why?
How can I create my own social network service?
What is the best business to start at the age of 22?
Can anyone share a list of some startup companies working on SAS in India?
How do I start a business and what should it be?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
What kind of business is best to start in Ludhiana?
What is the process for starting a content management company in Kolkata?
Is it necessary to get a license to start a subscription box business in India?
To whom do companies sell their data?
I have a business idea, can I share it with you?
What are the differences between a company, partnership firm and proprietorship?
How would you manage release for a product launch?
How do I start a educational startup (like providing coaching for various exams) in India?
What are the skills and resources required for a startup in the digital education sector?
What is a simple online business?
Which is best business to startup in Singapore?
What is the procedure to start a sweet shop?
I want to start a rabbit farm from scratch in Nigeria, how do I start?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
Do startups need investors?
How are debt investors protected from default if anyone can setup a private limited company?
Which department should I join in a company if my aim is to start a manufacturing industry?
Is starting a small accounting-based consulting practice with a target market of other small businesses/entrepreneurs a viable thing for me to do?
Which place would you choose, as an Indian, for a start-up, India or Silicon Valley? Why?
How can I start my downlines for Mon Space at US markets?
How do I start a POS payment startup business?
Who needs an investor for a farming business around Pune?
How much equity should I give a distribution or referral channel partner in the pre-seed stage of an early stage startup?
What is the next step after registering with Canada Job Bank?
Can I start a business in Canada while on visit?
How do I set up a small business in the US?
What are the new business projects this year?
Why do startups have this notion of generating funds right after hitting an idea?
Which city in North Odisha is better to start a commercial business?
When starting a fashion store, would I need both a sales tax license and a resales license or just one of them?
Is it possible to start a buisness in Norway?
How do I start a cartoon channel? What should be my first step?
Does Shutterstock have to register their business in each country to sell digital content?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
What would be the adequate amount of investment required for starting up a pharma marketing company with a list of 10 products at first?
How should I get ready to get into the dairy farm business?
Will I be able to brand textile with my own brand? If so, how may I start?
What do you think one should look into before starting a spices trading company?
Which business is the best for ladies?
Can a tech startup survive without getting investors?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
What are the highest growing startups?
What are some considerations or legal requirements for starting a new private surgery practice in holistic, alternative, and traditional massage, physiotherapy, or any related field?
What are the logistic needed to start a production house?
When starting online marketing in South Korea, what are the first crucial steps to take?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How is taxation and accounting done if a private limited company becomes a partner in a partnership firm?
What is the best way to launch a new product?
How long will it take to develop an MVP?
When looking to acquire another business (an SEO agency), how much direct contact are you allowed with its existing client base?
What help can you give to startups in Africa?
How can I find a business mentor to help me with my start up?
Are you looking for a way to start your own business with all the capital given?
What is a good company name for a sharing platform?
What is the most difficult stage in business start-up?
What are some ideas to develop your own small-scale food processing plant with minimum investment?
Which are the small scale industries, which need less investment?
What are some red flags in a startup, and what details should I pay attention to when applying?
Why do universities teach Calculus for CS students in a very early stage of the studies?
What formalities are necessary for opening up an NGO?
What is the best place to find a partner to start a business with in Africa?
How much investment does a "poha " making factory need?
I recently started a home based travel agency. I always force myself to create the itineraries. Is changing my line of industry considered quitting?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
Who bears the IPO expenses in an offer for sale? All of the stake holders, i.e the company, or the stakeholders who are selling their stakes?
Where can I find step-by-step instructions on setting up an affiliate campaign for Amazon?
How can I make a zero investment buisness registration?
How can someone start a successful chemical company nowadays?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
How do you start a locally based food delivery business?
What are some profit-making businesses that can be started currently in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh?
If I were to build a product like Trello, what services will I need to fully launch the product to the public?
What is good for a fresher? To start a career from a startup company or with a good package?
How did you start your own hotel? How do you manage it?
How can I promote a small business to a community?
What kind of business can I start by 35 with 20000 USD?
What are the possibilities of a new thriving business in the field of AI?
What is a low-risk business in the mechanical sector?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
What are some simple business ideas this year?
How complicated can it get in trying to understand a business?
Where can I find an investor who can see if my product can bring value to the market place?
How do I start a cafe in Bengaluru?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What is the process of starting a restaurant business in Andhra Pradesh?
What are some business projects on departmental stores?
What type of internet business should I focus on?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
I want to start paintball business on the sea shore, what are the legal procedures to take lease or use the land of government in India?
What is the best startup in construction?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What does Gordon Miller think is important in establishing a company?
I am thinking to start paper plates business. What will the investment for small scale and profit levels?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
How would you get your first sale, if you had zero capital but a completed a SaaS product?
Should one use consultants to develop key strategies for a startup deposit for taking microfinance, or should key staff members be in place first?
When approaching the prospect of doing eCommerce, how does one go about choosing a product to market?
What is a good low investment project?
What is going to become the next multibillion dollar company?
What education is needed to open a pharmaceutical company?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
Is there any logic for valuation of a B2B ecommerce startup?
Can we incorporate a company on one name and use other for business?
I have some ideas which can improve the functionality and user base of existing applications. How do I pitch the idea to the owners?
Is a business possible without an investment?
What are the top 10 business ideas this year?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
I want to start a software company in India. How shall I plan and start that? Currently I am a civil engineer.
What happens to old employees if a partnership firm converts to a private firm?
What are some good name advices if I want to start my own alcoholic brand?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
Can I give out my business cards without being registered with the state?
What's the regulation of “established year" printed on product packages or logos? What defines the establishment of a business?
How can I arrange funding for building a hospital in India?
Now that even China has launched its own civil jetliner, has India even started working on its own?
How do I start a business with a capital of 50 thousand pesos?
I have a business idea. How do I find people to develop this idea in to a product like app and website? Is it a fair idea to get a freelancer?
What are the Items used for starting up a shawarma business?
Is Mike Michalowicz' advice any good if you're not running a service or client-based business?
How can I start a new restaurant business in Hyderabad?
I am looking for funding for my Tech company & want to meet investors in Dubai or Singapore for a month. Which city has more potential investors?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
What are legal cost for London startups?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
What would I need to start an assembly plant geared towards the manufacture of smartphones and other consumer devices?
Is an export startup business a thing of the past?
What are some new products for business in 2017?
What investment is needed to open a super market in a small district place?
Is there an incubation cell or anything of the sort in India where individuals can bring their laptops and work on their startup ideas?
What is the biggest hurdle you had in starting your online business?
How do I start the wholesale business of food grains?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
What are the new business projects in the future?
What are some resources for comprehensive business plan development? I've read many, but I’ve never engaged in the development of one for a startup.
How do I open a shop in a Westfield shopping centre?
When should we call sign-ups that start a free trial on our SaaS which targets SMEs? A quick intro call as soon as they sign up?
What is the process to establish a company?
How can I get information about the biogas business? Where should I start?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
How can I start my business for studying abroad? I don’t have any knowledge about this field. Is their any consultancy firm which I can approach?
How many women are starting business in their 40s?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
There are "n" web sites lists startups in India but would like to know where could I get all the startups details?
What should I do to prevent my startup ideas from being stolen?
Can I start any business with only Rs 5,000/month?
What licenses and approvals are required from government/municipality bodies to start up a small food stall?
How do I transform my idea into an online application which could help people?
Have you ever pitched your idea, had it rejected, then realized that it was stolen?
Why do investors need knowledge about business cycles with examples?
What are the best small to medium business ideas?
What are the important things we need to know and do if we want to open a coffee shop and bakery?
What is the best way to reach your target market online?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
Why do most of Indian startups fail and not so with other countries? What makes the difference?
I would like to start my own company. What's the best way to put together a business plan so I can get money to start it?
What can you do when something inside you doesn't want you to be successful?
What is the process for starting an online journal and what are the prerequisites?
When is the best time to start a new business in a career? Should I start a business just after completing graduation or not?
How can we stop think about business during non-business hour?
Who can advise startups on better business models or creating more revenue?
How do I start a small business in another country?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
I am going to start a business with a good idea, but I don't have much budget to invest. Where can I find an investor?
Why did Idea Vodafone sell their internet plans at a higher cost, if they could reduce the cost?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How do I start a trek agency? I wish to start a trekking agency that organizes treks across the Indian subcontinent.
What is the procedure to setup a micro scale manufacturing unit in India?
Are students allowed to partake in business such as Import/Export or any sole proprietor business in Australia?
What is the procedure to open an MSCIT center?
What is the best way to reach our target customers who are not fond of the Internet?
Are there any Indian startups on Quora looking for job posting?
What needed to start a magazine at university and what could be a possible structure and editorial team?
What is funding in an e-commerce business?
How do I start a career in directing from scratch?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
Do you think it is wise to go for a startup without any experience?
What are small scale business opportunities in Mysore?
What’s a good approach to selling a new website to small businesses that have self-made looking WordPress websites?
What is the best way to evaluate your business plan, instead of doing a job?
Is a Qnet business haram as per Islam?
What business is the best to invest in with $10-20k?
Once I have a completed iOS app, how could I apply for seed funding to help cover marketing expense?
What is the best business in Uttarakhand?
Does a person need to be skilled to create a product or is an idea enough to start seeking support?
How can I contact the company Vivo if I have a business suggestion for them?
What business licenses, if any, are required to start an e-commerce business?
How hard is it to get good money in the styling business?
How do I start online store and register?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
I already have an electronics and appliances store in New Delhi and I want to open an online store. How should I proceed?
What kind of business can I start with a minimum 10000 INR?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
Which one is better: Stop working for others and start up your own business or try to manage both your work and your business?
What is the next step for productivity after voice recognition?
How do I brand myself for an online business?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Would every small business need to have a full time accountant after GST is implemented?
Where can I get help in starting a traveling public notary business in Chicago, Illinois?
Does a startup business have to be registered in order to use a different company's API?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
Why is it a good idea to laminate your business cards nowadays?
How do I start own business with little amount of money?
What is needed to start a talent casting agency in Toronto?
Why do you want to put up your business idea?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
How can one handle a big loss in business?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
How do I start a Dell service center in Mumbai?
I want to start an online store business, where should I start from?
What will you name a hospitality Startup?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
I have a social media app idea. What steps should I take to make it as successful as possible?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
Who are the best investors I can approach for a non-tech startup related to FMCG?
What type of contract is needed to use another component in your product?
As a newbie, what steps should I take to have a successful blog within a month?
What are some new products for business in the USA?
What are some businesses I can start doing at home with just my phone and internet connection?
How do I develop or market my automatic car wash business in my city in order to attract more and more customers? What would be some unique tips?
How do I start a company in the UK?
How do I start a mobile case/cover manufacturing company In Mumbai?
Is it a wise idea to start an online grocery store now even though there are big players currently?
What kind of business should a movie crazy guy start?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
What is the best way to validate a startup idea without public disclosure?
What is the best business that suits girls?
What questions should I ask startup companies to collect primary data on early customer feedback?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
How can I start a business at age 23?
How can I start my small car workshop?
How do I start a business at this time?
Why do 95% of businesses fail within five years?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
What are some easy yet effective ways to value a private business?
What are some of the best small scale industries for women entrepreneurs in Kerala?
What are some successful industry for business this year?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
Is it possible to create a non-NBFC company in India having a 100% investment business?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
How can I start a Chinese BHEL business in India?
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
What is the worst start up business idea in India?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
How do startups know how to run a company?
Can I run a company in Germany while being an employee in German company?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
How can I start in international marketing?
If the financial plan of my startup does not show any significant sales for the first 12-18 months, how can I get funding for it?
What is the best way to attract an investor, to invest in my startup company?
What are some interesting startup ideas around Aadhar and EKYC?
Can one use Tilt Pro to start a crowdfunding website?
Is starting a business easier in Canada than India?
What business is the best for a housewife to start with in a small city?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
How and where can you hire a reliable food and beverage business operative manager if you are just a new startup?
How can I start my own orchestra?
What should a soon to be Fiitjeean (12th pass out) keep in mind before the starting of the batch?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
Can we start a US recruiting company without staying in the USA?
How much is worth of an equity offered from a startup?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
Is there anyone who wants to start a small business in Pune or Bihar and is looking for a partner?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
How can start a C & F business?
What are the difficulties you face in setting up a business?
As a co-founder, I find it hard to negotiate hard sales contracts. How do I get over it and be awesome at it?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor? How does the percentage work?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
Is the entertainment blogging nitch not too saturated for newbies?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can one start his own music company like T-Series in India with the least investment possible?
How can a data validation service help businesses to find the right customers?
Is there a way bootstrapped startups can exchange services without money?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
Which one is better, setting up a small business, a franchise, or buying a currently working store?
What should I do to start a business to sell small furnitures that I design on internet and worldwide?
What would be the best business to start up in Bangalore, with a budget of 5 lakhs?
I am thinking about becoming a Grammar Auror. How should I get started? How can I get started?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
What is the best way to reach David S. Rose for startup advice?
I want to start practicing speaking. How can I do it?
Can partnership firms become partners?
I have an idea for a service through a website (read detail below). Do I need to register in some sort of government agency in India?
How much does it cost to start a good bakery in Kerala?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
How exactly do you build an app if you have the idea but no technical know-how and a little bit of money to get things done?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
What brought about the idea to create Quora?
How do I write a Security Policy Doc for a startup / small web company? (examples, templates, useful references, etc.)
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
What makes you confident to start a business?
How do startups and/or freelancers get new clients without a marketing budget?
What should be the marketing strategy to launch and get traction on a new online travel portal like dayuse.com or hotelsbyday.com?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
I'm a student who is going to start working in the US in about a month. How do I go about increasing my credit limit?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
From where do freelancers get their projects?
What are the best technology startups to work for in India?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
I'm 12 years old and I'm a programmer, how do I start my own programming company?
What advice can you give to someone that just started driving?
Who are the startup investors who are into digital marketing?
How do I find a reliable travel business partner?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
What is the possibility that I can start my own business of web development or animation designing from home?
If you were running a company that produces X and the market was tanking for that product, what would you do?
Are there any angel investors who invest in startups in India?
What investment can I make or which business can I start with INR 15 lakhs?
How do I start a custom motorcycle shop in the USA? I am an Indian. What visa type, formalities & rules are applicable to starting my company in the USA?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
What should I keep in mind while starting my business in the engineering field?
What is the best tech business for tier 2 Indian cities?
When would be best for an early stage startup to enter an incubator / accelerator?
How can I minimize food wastage in an on-demand breakfast preparation and delivery startup?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
What are some crowdfunding platforms from where I can raise or get money to start a business?
What new business projects will be hot soon?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
If ultrasonic scaling is what we are going to perform when(if) we set up a clinic, why are we wasting our UG practising hand scaling?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
Do you want to start an agricultural startup in Gujarat?
Can a foreigner start a small business in Pakistan alone?
If you could trade only one set-up, which would it be?
How much does it cost to set up an aesthetic clinic financially, legally, and in terms of infrastructure? How can I advertise? I’m a beginner.
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
Is starting one’s own small business better than getting a job?
How do I start up a business in the mechanical field with a low-budget investment?
What factors do you have to keep in mind when trying to calculate startup costs and revenue predictions?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
How do I make a business model for the idea I have about an online selling platform?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
How do I start my life after graduating?
What is the procedure to start a new helping hands trust or NGO?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
What is the best answer for “what's up with you”?
What is the best business to start up in a city like Nagpur?
Would you include a Louder Than Liftoff Silver Bullet and API 2500 in the best must-have outboard effects unit for a startup mastering studio?
What is the process to start a PMKVY franchise?
What are all the issues one can face after initiating a self owned interior designing & construction firm?
Which business can I start if I have only 10k?
Can one be successful if they start out at 28?
Which country requires minimum investment for a startup entrepreneur visa?
What is some information about the food delivery startups in Japan?
How do I start a small business, like selling only one or two dishes? Is it tough to start such a small shop in Mumbai?
Where can I find a partner for my startup in Gurgaon?
What are the successful startups in India?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
If I want to publish (for profit) a parody of a song, what steps do I need to take to keep everything legal?
How do we calculate/estimate the minimum amount of natural uranium required in order to reach criticality?
Are you interested in starting a cable television network/advertising company?
What kind of experience is required to start an import-export business? I am going to start looking for job opportunities in the same field for the next two years.
Is it a bad idea to form a c-corp in IL (not CA or DE) if a startup wants to be acquired someday? Why?
More often than not we read & hear that startups closed seed funding, series A,B etc. Where do entrepreneur & investors meet?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
Should I discuss my startup idea in a B School, mainly IIM, interview?
If I White-label my SaaS, will it hurt me on branding my own company?
What should I know before starting a 'Book Business' in India?
How can we start finance business?
How many departments are needed to launch a startup in India?
I want to start a profitable online side business. What mini steps should I take first to get started?
I love making desserts, I make cakes for my relatives' birthdays. I would like to start my confectionery business, what would I have to do?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
Where or how do I find a business sidekick (not an investor) for my startup idea?
Can an employee bootstrap a startup?
How can I start a new business in Delhi with Rs. 50,000?
What business should I start with 100k, in Canada?
Do you have any ideas about a small business?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
What are the hurdles that entrepreneurs experience as they build their companies?
Is IT recruitment a profitable business for a startup, and how does one get clients?
Which types of business, or business activities, require a police permit in the UK?
How do I start from scratch for the GMAT?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
What are propositions for the name of a Canadian ride-sharing (between cities) startup? I’ll give $20 to the winner.
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
How good will be the startup scenario in India in the next 5 years?
Are there any good foreign universities that have a fee of less than 5,00,000 rupees for under graduation (preferably BTech or business management)?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
What is a typical structure for revenue sharing with a company you are assisting with growth? Can you give me some guidance on the specifics?
How much money is required for a good sweets business?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
How do you become an expert in business from scratch?
How is your experience of running a business in India?
What is the best business for a small land?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
What are some profitable businesses to start with 20,000 rupees?
What is the best kind of business to do in a mall?
What are the best industries for business this year?
What business is profitable in a local market these days?
How do you know if your small business idea is feasible enough without spending money?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
I’m having many business ideas in various fields, but no money, not even to survive properly. What should I do to get the money to start work on some ideas?
What is a “modelling agency”, and what do I need to start one?
Is starting an e-commerce business with drop shipping a viable business model in India? If so, how is the profitability?
How can I start an agarbatti-making business in India?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
What business can be run on highway side shop?
Who is the best person in Austin, Texas to help fund a startup?
What are some small-scale companies where I can start my career in Data Science (in Pune)?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What business projects will be hot in the future?
How do I plan a business as large as providing a service for a country?
What kinds of business will be needed all over the world in the future?
Which is the best firm for doing a new company registration and legal formalities in Bangalore?
What inspired you to start your own business?
What could be the biggest next move of India in terms of startup?
How do startup entrepreneurs deal with depression to stay cool and focused?
Do you support black-owned businesses?
How do you prove something happened on the internet?
What is the best business for a housewife to start while having 5 lacs in hand?
What is your opinion on starting a phone repair business?
How do I start a business letter for franchise?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
Are you from the US or Europe, and did you start a business in Russia? Can you share your experiences, good and bad?
What countries would you consider the best to start a business such as a nightclub for a relatively low startup cost and little red tape?
What all legal formalities need to be done to start dropshipping to the EU/Norway from India?
How do I build a successful fintech startup based on someone else's white label software?
What is the base amount of shares one should give to prospective tech startup hires?
How do I deal with incompetent co-founders?
Where can an entrepreneur find ways to brand themselves?
What are the best self promotion strategies that you saw during your extensive researches in startups?
Can I discontinue my education and start my passion of doing business without any initial capital to invest?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
How do I reach more students with my Spanish teaching business?
How can I get more Queries related to my company Services?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
If Gordon Miller and Ali Al Shamsi were to start a business, how will they beat the competition?
How do I tie up with nearby retail shops for my online business?
How exactly does DataWallet work?
How do I bring an idea to life? How can I show people my website idea and ensure that it is not copied before I make it?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
How can I start DJing as a business? Is it really profitable?
What small-scale business can I start with a 2-lakh investment?
How do I find myself a mentor to guide me through my career path?
I am currently a high school student that started a business. I am seeking a venture capital investment. Are there any VC's that invest with teens?
How do I start a business with a minimum investment?
What would you first do when you have an idea, keep it secret or share it with people?
How can a mobile app help your business to grow?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
How do you manage to start your business while you are still in university?
I have a business idea that will revolutionize an industry. It needs cash of course to start-up. Can you shed some light on how to proceed?
How does a beginner make a startup?
What are the requirements for starting a sweets business?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What are the regulatory and licensing requirements to start online payday loan business in Canada?
May 2017 - What does it take for a post-revenue startup to raise around $2–3M?
If you have $100,000 to invest in a business, what would you pick?
Which business can be done with an investment of 20-30 lakhs?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
If a person has an idea for a startup, what all does he have to plan? How should he evaluate the plan? What sort of people does he have to approach?
Would a platform that allows to share ideas, find freelancers and investors be a succes?
Is there any scope for startups in India?
Are there any skills that can be learned from PMI-PBA to start/run my own business?
How I can get an investor for my startup idea?
How important is the trust and integrity element in small businesses?
What type of business will be successful starting from small-scale industries with an investment of 10 lakhs?
What type of business should I start if I only have 1 lakh rupees?
How can I create an app startup as a non technical founder?
How do I issue different types & of equity & tranches of debt to investors in my startup?
Should I get a software developer job or build a startup if I have 700k USD savings?
What are your experiences reaching out to a mentor / investor with a new idea?
Can/should I start an investment company to write off taxes?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
How can I start a private tutoring agency business?
What is the minimum capital required to invest in the Frank Ross Pharmacy business?
How do I start Quora from scratch?
For those business enterprises where an IT Department does not exist, why is it important to have one and how should it be set up, when on a budget?
Is it possible to sell customized cloud-based software solutions to USA-based SMEs from India?
How would I go about selling an idea to a pharmaceutical company, or should I sell it to the FDA?
What can I do if my startup ideas were stolen?
Which is the most beneficial business with low investment (5 lakhs) in the Dhule District?
Is an educational private limited company eligible for starting a diploma course?
What steps are needed to open a manufacturing unit of cotton fabrics for suiting in India and what permits are required to open?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
If I want to start a startup company and money is very limited, then should I open an individual or non individual current account?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
What are the best vocational skills to learn, so when I'm proficient enough to create a product or offer a service, I can start a business?
How can I approach the owner of the company I work for to teach me what he knows about running a business successfully?
Why do youngsters prefer working under someone instead of going for a startup?
What are the best business ideas for Bhubaneswar?
How can you start a new business in Vidisha?
Do I need to pay employees of my startup if I am giving them equity?
What is the procedure for opening a franchise?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
Should I apologize in this situation? I used to work in a startup, before moving to a big company. I worked in the startup for 5 months.
How do I connect with start-up investors, besides incubators in Shanghai (China)?
How did Ritesh Agarwal (OYO Rooms) raise funding from SoftBank with just an idea?
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
What are the best websites to raise money for individuals struggling financially?
Is retail a good place to startup my career in India? Will I get good growth and earn good money?
How hard is it to be an entrepreneur?
What are the best and easiest way of setting up a blog with minimum capital?
Where and how can I get free startup guidance in Pune?
How do I start a rubber boot manufacturing business?
What is the best kind of business to start up in Third World countries?
How will be mining bussiness?
Has anyone applied for "Startup India" benefits?
How much funds are required to start one’s own finance firm?
How should you decide which small business to start?
Is AppDynamics SaaS?
How much money does it take to start a porn company in the US?
Where can I get the knowledge that is necessary to start a successful online business in 2017?
A bank will lend 80% of the $10M required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor if they put up the other $2M?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
How much revenue would you be missing out on if your business had no online presence and reaching your business over the phone was difficult?
What are the problems that I would face when starting a matrimonial business?
How can I start an eCommerce business today?
Do entrepreneurs need to be an expert in the field they work in?
How can I start building my own website?
What are you struggling with the most as a mom and entrepreneur?
How do I check the credibility of my startup idea?
What is the best way to get business from abroad in your country?
What are most important points that should be kept on mind while starting a gym business?
Do you think it is a good idea to invest in MBI International’s compensation plan? They are a Malaysian-based company.
What is a business method?
What do I must learn in order to bring value to a Bioscience company?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor and how does the percentage works?
According to you, how does one know that my startup idea would go the distance and impact the masses? It might be a small idea but turn out to be good.
Can I develop my sports profession, ideas, and passion into a startup idea? Please tell me about the different prospects.
What businesses could an entrepreneur start for commerce development in underdeveloped communities to improve the standard of living?
Does startup portfoilo investing really follow a J curve?
What are the best healthcare (focus on IT) incubators / accelerators in Europe and why?
What is the best start up business plan for opening up a food & beverage outlet in India by a middle class person?
How do I check on and verify the identity of a potential business partner in India?
How can I get motivated to begin a novel? (I have some awesome ideas but no idea how to begin implementing them.)
Can you suggest a way to start an IT company in India with 3 partners when 2 are the founders who need to control it?
What advice would you give an absolute beginner who wants to start investing their money online?
How did you start freelancing? What jobs? What was your journey?
Do startup restaurants face delivery issues, especially at night because of dogs in their vicinity? As an individual, have you faced similar issues?
What are some web/tech startups in Nepal who have been running actively and are big?
What are the initial basic steps for a start up?
What are the requirements for starting green tea business (packing and distribution) in India?
What are the best businesses that can be started with a 1 lakh investment?
Has anyone ever delayed your startup plan for just the right time, even with a workable idea and investment?
How can I increase donations outside of social media for a cause?
How do I start my future in badminton?
I want to start my business but I have only 10k rupee to invest. How and where should I invest this money to get started?
What kind of company should I start up, IT-based or data technology-based, in India?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
During Beta testing of your web app, when do you know you are ready to launch?
How do I put my business on the internet?
What's the possibility of succeeding in business when borrowing from financial institutions?
What are the best start up marketing conferences globally?
What kind of business is good in Kashmir?
Should I start an IT company or a general trading company? How is the IT business nowadays?
How do I sell out shares of my startup?
What are some of the greatest high return business ideas of all time?
What is the best way to tell people with a new product?
How can I create or start an iPhone case/cover business model?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
What is the difference between value creation and value proposition?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
How much would it cost to start up a recycling plant in the USA?
How do I find a concept stage tech startup in the entertainment industry? I’m looking for a mentor.
How do I start a business in Toronto?
What is the procedure for starting a school in Tamil Nadu, and what investment amount will be needed?
How do I stop obsessing over how I stumbled in my first business, which led to the breakdown of my very LTR? What should I do?
MBA or MOOCS for startup founders, which is better considering time and money as a constraint?
How can I convert novel ideas into useful products? Are there any organizations to help?
What are some of the best businesses to start with RS. 5,000?
Who would want to set up a non academically credentialed female to have a 'start up' to investigate and produce less harmful environmental packaging?
What franchise can be started for under 4 lacs?
I am about to have software that I built acquired. Would it be tax advantageous to set up a holding company and take dividends on the sale money?
How do I introduce myself to the field of electronics (starting from scratch)?
What are the steps to setting up a remote copywriting agency? Also, tips/best practices?
What are the permissions required to start a business (small scale to large scale)?
How do I replace an incompetent leader in a startup team peacefully?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
How do I start plastic raw materials manufacturing business in India?
What would be the day to day job of a venture builder of a launchpad startup in Malaysia?
How I start a small business?
How do I get started for the journey to be an entrepreneur, if all that I have at present is an idea that has a strong potential?
Should I start my own online bussiness or get a job?
Why does initiation require hazing?
What are the best startup business opportunities available in Germany, USA and gulf countries?
What are the registrations required to run a consulting business on a sole proprietorship basis?
How can one motivate himself to start his own business by a doing job?
Why does everyone want to join Google or Facebook rather than thinking to build their own startup?
How can I start a textile business in India?
Do you guide people on their business ideas?
How do I evaluate the scope and scale of a business problem?
What are the emerging businesses That are more demanding with less investment?
How do I start a business and what should it be?
I have a business idea, can I share it with you?
Is it necessary to get a license to start a subscription box business in India?
What are the skills and resources required for a startup in the digital education sector?
Is starting a small accounting-based consulting practice with a target market of other small businesses/entrepreneurs a viable thing for me to do?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
How can I start my downlines for Mon Space at US markets?
Do startups need investors?
Which department should I join in a company if my aim is to start a manufacturing industry?
What are the new business projects this year?
What are the best ways to start an online/internet buisnes?
Does Shutterstock have to register their business in each country to sell digital content?
How do I start a clothing line with no experience in tailoring?
What are the logistic needed to start a production house?
How is taxation and accounting done if a private limited company becomes a partner in a partnership firm?
Are you looking for a way to start your own business with all the capital given?
If I were to build a product like Trello, what services will I need to fully launch the product to the public?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
What are some profit-making businesses that can be started currently in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh?
What are some simple business ideas this year?
How do I start a cafe in Bengaluru?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What is the process of starting a restaurant business in Andhra Pradesh?
I am thinking to start paper plates business. What will the investment for small scale and profit levels?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How would you get your first sale, if you had zero capital but a completed a SaaS product?
Should one use consultants to develop key strategies for a startup deposit for taking microfinance, or should key staff members be in place first?
I want to start a software company in India. How shall I plan and start that? Currently I am a civil engineer.
What are the top 10 business ideas this year?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
How do I start a business with a capital of 50 thousand pesos?
What are some new products for business in 2017?
I am developing a social networking website which will be video based. What are the legal aspects that I need to consider?
When should we call sign-ups that start a free trial on our SaaS which targets SMEs? A quick intro call as soon as they sign up?
How do I initiate my startup idea? Where do I start it? How can I start it?
Entrepreneurs, what made you take that first step to begin your startup?
What is the best way to start a website to sell goods online?
Can I start any business with only Rs 5,000/month?
Why do investors need knowledge about business cycles with examples?
Why do most of Indian startups fail and not so with other countries? What makes the difference?
How can we stop think about business during non-business hour?
I am going to start a business with a good idea, but I don't have much budget to invest. Where can I find an investor?
What are small scale business opportunities in Mysore?
How hard is it to get good money in the styling business?
What business is the best to invest in with $10-20k?
What business licenses, if any, are required to start an e-commerce business?
What is the best business in Uttarakhand?
What are good names for my subscription men's clothing startup?
I already have an electronics and appliances store in New Delhi and I want to open an online store. How should I proceed?
What is the next step for productivity after voice recognition?
How do I brand myself for an online business?
Does a startup business have to be registered in order to use a different company's API?
What is needed to start a talent casting agency in Toronto?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
What are 3 cool tips for raising money before starting a crowdfunding campaign for energy technology project builders?
Who are the best investors I can approach for a non-tech startup related to FMCG?
How do I start a company in the UK?
What kind of business should a movie crazy guy start?
Why do 95% of businesses fail within five years?
Is it possible to create a non-NBFC company in India having a 100% investment business?
What are the first things to note when starting your own clothing line as a designer?
What is the worst start up business idea in India?
How can one be an entrepreneur and at what age?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
Can I run a company in Germany while being an employee in German company?
Can one use Tilt Pro to start a crowdfunding website?
What should a soon to be Fiitjeean (12th pass out) keep in mind before the starting of the batch?
How much is worth of an equity offered from a startup?
Can we start a US recruiting company without staying in the USA?
How do social media companies make sure they comply to all user's privacy data regulations in the countries they will be active?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can a data validation service help businesses to find the right customers?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
What are some new trends in startups?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
What brought about the idea to create Quora?
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
What should be the marketing strategy to launch and get traction on a new online travel portal like dayuse.com or hotelsbyday.com?
What are the best technology startups to work for in India?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
Has America given up on vagrancy laws? What Democrat thought that would be a good idea?
How do I start a custom motorcycle shop in the USA? I am an Indian. What visa type, formalities & rules are applicable to starting my company in the USA?
What is the best tech business for tier 2 Indian cities?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
If ultrasonic scaling is what we are going to perform when(if) we set up a clinic, why are we wasting our UG practising hand scaling?
Do you want to start an agricultural startup in Gujarat?
Can a foreigner start a small business in Pakistan alone?
How much does it cost to set up an aesthetic clinic financially, legally, and in terms of infrastructure? How can I advertise? I’m a beginner.
How do I set up an action when a key is pressed?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
What is the procedure to start a new helping hands trust or NGO?
What is the process to start a PMKVY franchise?
How do new startups get financed?
How can I register a merchandise company along with the formalities like current account, tin and din number?
How do I get funding for a start-up in Indonesia?
How do I gain credibility with customers in my new online business (it's not an online store) it’s a servicing company?
Is it legal for a limited liability partnership (LLP) to raise money in India in the form of investments?
Any good names for technical startup?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
How do I find the name that a user name is registered under Snapchat?
I'd like to start in the liquor business (craft beer) in Genoa, Italy. Where should I start?
How do I revive my business when I have no money left?
What important things do I need to keep in mind before starting preparation for the RBI during my graduation period? What should my action plan be?
What kind of education do I need if I wish to start agriculture in UP, India?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
Are there any legal requirements to start an online travel business from home in the EU? We will mainly be 'consultants' who develop travel itineraries.
Did the early pioneer (our forebears) know the fetus development stages?
How can I raise funds through crowdfunding for an NGO in India?
What are examples of startups innovating the EdTech scene?
What can I do if I'm only 14 and planning to be a nurse? What are some things I could start doing?
How do you set up a company in Malaysia?
Is there any company or bank that listens to startup ideas and invests?
Why do students study hard just to work under some other person/company? Why aren't startups very popular in India?
I would like to start a facilities management co., I just want to sale not be hands on. What would be the best way to go, sub contractors, franchises?
Which business will be good in the coming years?
What are some simple SaaS product ideas, which one can implement and launch?
Which is better, working under a company or starting your own?
What are some of the start-up companies to start as a physical design engineer for a fresher?
What are some of the greatest startup stories in India in the past?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
Who was the cofounder of Apple?
How much money would I need to start a mobile tire repair business?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production?
When I sell shares of my company to an investor, what percentage do I take and what percentage of that money goes to the company?
Where can we get information regarding startup companies in Hyderabad?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
Where can I purchase wholesale fancy jewellery for my business?
When did Singapore start trading with India?
I own shares in a small startup (with only private investments from founders) I worked for, can I sell my shares to another individual or co-worker?
Is starting a commercial portal/website profitable in India?
What are best/interesting start-up business ideas?
I want to open a cultural club in my college. What steps should I take?
How do you think a newbie validates the business ideas?
How can I get a client for my web development business?
What was your experience when your child started college?
I am 14 years old and I would like to start a business. What sort of items can I sell?
I met a guy who wants to sell his business, and I know a business broker. How can I introduce the two, and make a percentage when it sells?
I am CA. I want to start my own business and shop in India. Can I?
Is it better to work for a FTSE 100 tech company or a startup company as a CS graduate?
What programming language should I learn first if I want to start a software company and at what age is it to late to start to start a tech company?
What are the best low-investment startups in India?
What things are to keep in mind before appearing in a Bank exam?
I need an investor for my latest idea, how do I find one?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
What steps do I need to take to start a classified site in India?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
What books do you recommend if I am willing to start a tech based startup?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
How do I breed a culture of 'excellence' in a Silicon Valley startup?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is your experience with the catering business in India?
I want to earn money and when I finish my civil engineering degree, I want to start my own real estate business. What should I do?
What are some kinds of business ideas for start up in low cost?
Which business is the best income wise?
What will become the next billion dollar company?
Can I make angel investor as my company director with equal rights?
I'm starting a food truck business. Would you recommend using a gas or an electric BBQ and chip fryer?
What is the best way to grow within a company?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
What are the biggest challenges that you've face while learning internet marketing or while starting an online business?
How is the London startup scene compared to Silicon Valley?
What are some basic things that are needed to start a sheep rearing business? How can I make a profit off of it?
Can I start a Pvt. Ltd. company while working in a Ltd. company?
Can I start my own company and become a CEO of the company?
What are the chances of someone getting a business investor through Quora? Do you mind sharing your experience?
How do I apply for Startup Village (VIZAG)?
What are some unconventional methods you used to acquire your first 10 customer for your SaaS startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
I want to start a cleaner campus initiative in my college. Any suggestions as to how I can go about it?
How do I get a logo made cheaply for a startup?
What are some global, new ecommerce business industries, this year?
How do I keep my co-founders motivated?
Is there any idea on how to run a company with $1m profit, to become richer than Apple during 2 years?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are some of the pros/cons/considerations of building the tech team oversea as an US IT start up?
As an online entrepreneur, do you consider WordPress as a good choice for your business platform?
What are the most important things to be noted before starting a restaurant business in Kerala?
Where can I find examples of corporate minute book entries? I just formed a C-Corp and would like to issue stock to myself and my co-founder.
How can I attract more users to avail my company services?
Why do you need to register a company?
How Rahul Bhatia got initial funds for business?
If our company's account is NPA, how can we get funding?
Is it legally OK if a cofounder engineer (less than 10% equity) resides/works outside of the US?
What type of business can we start in Ludhiana which makes a huge profit in a short time?
What kind of business can I start with Ksh 500,000?
What would be the best business to start if you have capital of 20 lakhs?
Does Saturn’s Sade Sati start and end at the same time for all people in a particular rasi? For example, does it start at the same time for all Scorpios?
How do I start an online store in India?
If you have to choose between your startup and a highest paying job. What would you choose?
Where can I build a product?
What comes first business or innovation?
If you were to start an internet-based business today from scratch, what would it be?
We have designed a new dining and picnic table. The examiner was very happy with our idea and suggested that we start a business on our own. How can we start?
How can I start a travel startup?
Can I own a multi-million dollar company at 20?
How do I setup a small business with investment of about $15k to earn a good amount and extend the business further?
Should I have a business in order to use a business name on Play Store?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
Which business is good to start in the computer field?
Is it a good idea to start a company that sells/licences technologies developed by university laboratories? How can I best do it?
Should I start a cement business?
Can I start a business at the age of 45?
I'm 15 years old and I want to start selling apparel, what should I do?
Will entrepreneurs, in times of crisis and near bankruptcy, cut back and minimise or actually try to expand and give it all they’ve got?
How much does it cost to acquire a McDonald's franchise in Adelaide, South Australia?
Are army officers allowed to run a side business?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail pharmaceutical shop?
What are the most promising startups in India?
I'd like to start a company that provides computer based training systems for the US military. How can I find my first client?
What are examples of business level strategies in organizations?
How do I cope with the indecisiveness of investing in a business?
How can you execute an idea if you have no capital and no rich connections?
What are some legit ways to get my dream of owning and running my own food truck business funded?
What is the best business for someone with a young age?
What are some safe start-ups for IT professionals?
Why are some Indian startups registered in the USA?
When you start a business, what domains should you register?
What are some key things to consider when starting a drop shipping business?
How did Amrish Rau become a co-founder in CitrusPay?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
How does one start small and grow big?
What would be the capital required to start a gaming company in India?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Should I pay Rs 860 for the Lekach Softech LLP? Are there any genuine employees of this LLP that I can contact and be clear about it?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
How do I perform a competitive analysis of my media startup business?
Where can I find information about Meetup.com’s history (growth, startup, numbers, etc.)?
What are the legal procedures to start a retail vegetable business?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
What's the one reason we're not as productive as we would like to be?
How do I open a company with the products I want to sell in the USA? What are all of the steps that are involved?
How can a startup NGO in Africa get grants and funds from overseas?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
Once I have a Duns and Bradstreet number, what is my next step? How do I securely get a product produced by a manufacturer to sell a product?
How can I increase my teaching business?
How do I find technical co-founders in Los Angeles?
How do I start a liquid floor cleaner business?
I am graduating from London School of Economics with a 2:2. How important is my degree classification if I'm planning to pursue entrepreneurship?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What is the way to start a new business with no experience, and which business should be started?
What are ideas for a business opportunity that targets mountaineers/hikers?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I pitch Gordon Miller a start up without being like everybody else who's just begging for money?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
What is the most suitable country in Latin America to start a business right now as a foreigner?
Did you start your business legally?
What are small investment projects for a start-up?
Can I start my own business in other fields, e.g. textiles, merchant exporting, etc. while practicing as a CA?
How much money do you need to open a pet cemetery?
What are some businesses I can start in high school that revolve around asset management/finance?
How can I start home lending business?
What does it take to start an online business?
Should startups hire employees to work remotely, or should they try to set up offices right from the early stage?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of startup incubators and accelerators for companies/products with no customers?
Can a below-18 guy register a company on his name in India?
How can you publicize your new business?
How many prototypes of your now well-known product did you test before going to general release?
Can software service companies build good products?
What innovative tech startups can I start with $50k?
How does a founder of a newly invested company get paid?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
I am making a web app to allow business to track their expenses, profits and more. What are some other ideas for this web app?
What is the step by step method of selling an e-book online?
When doing a sales forecast for a startup (not up and running yet) is it imperative to include unit CoGS? If so, how should it be done?
If you needed to sell your house quickly for cash (you’re behind on payments, you have problem renters, etc.), what kind of terms would you Google to take the next step?
How are the active influencers in the Edinburgh start-up community?
How can you start your own online handicrafts business?
What is a social startup?
How can we convince someone to work at a startup when we can’t pay right now and we don’t want to give up equity either?
Do an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in management give one the knowledge and the general ability to start their own small business (in this case, a school)?
Why should I start a business right now?
How do I start a business for my IT services and solutions? I need help with lead generation and business development.
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
How do I negotiate with an investor on my startup?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
Is a chaat business worth having?
What's the right business strategy, when our new technology can fit several different types of business? Should we only focus on one or should we try more?
How can I get a loan for starting a business at home?
What is the first thing we have to do to initiate a startup?
What are some strategies for collaborating with busy coworkers?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
What are the logistics needed to start a production house?
How do I run a retail clothes business in a successful way?
I could have a ground breaking idea on how phones could potentially electronically advance. How do I pitch this idea to get gears moving?
What are the possible businesses that I can do/start in my 2-month vacation?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
How do I start an aluminium business?
What do you know about startups?
What is the first step to build an app?
How can I start a vegetable retail business with 30,000?
What side projects have you started as a marketer, like how Crew started Unsplash?
What's the best way to build a following prior to launching a crowdsourcing campaign?
How we can start a c&f business?
How can I sell my business tech related idea (tech isn't my field) that could be useful and big for someone?
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
What are the best resources available for young entrepreneurs to learn everything they need to know to open up their first business in counseling?
What is the right approach to learn vocab for the GRE? Should I start RC first or should I make my vocab stronger first?
How do I get funds for a business which is still in the idea stage?
As IT contractors in Canberra, Australia, me and my wife want to set up a company. What is a good tax accountant that you have worked with?
How can I choose a right business for?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
How do you know when to call it quits in a business, idea chase or partnership?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
What are the standard co-founder exiting terms?
Where can I build a prototype of my future tech, electronic product?
Do I need to officially start a business (incorporation or partnership) before opening an ecommerce shop? How do I handle the taxes?
What are the number 1 books on making a business idea a reality and on executing ideas?
How do I open a new small scale business or a startup without any investment?
What business should I start with ₹10 lakhs?
Am a bcom graduate, am very interested in start a liquor business, what are the steps?
What should be the preferable business set up in Dehradun?
Do you have to spend all of your money to create a successful business?
Is there such thing as pitching an idea to an entrepreneur instead of investors?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
What is the best country to start a FinTech company in Europe?
What are the best ways for a startup to find paying BETA testing customers at a heavily discounted rate?
What is the best field for a startup in rural India?
What is the best strategy through Facebook for startups?
How do I split equity?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
Which type of companies need 3D building rendering?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
What all permissions does an individual need to get for starting a racing institution?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
Should a startup LLC formed in DE with no users (only a site-building phase) register as a foreign entity in IL when the cofounders work only in IL?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How does one validate an idea?
Is it possible to start a business without any investment and make it successful?
What marketing strategy should I create to get more registrations on a website which is a free platform (startup) for the showbiz industry, actors, models, etc.?
Is starting an online university profitable and what is the easiest model of operation?
What are some ideas for a manufacturing business that I can start with an initial investment of INR 7 to 10 lakhs?
How much does it cost to set up an indoor farm like AeroFarms?
Is there any app available for the information of international startups and funding?
What type of startup can an M.Des student from an IIT or IIITDM launch from scratch?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
How much of an investment is required to open a D'Mart supermarket in India?
Should I start my own burger restaurant or open one that has a franchise fee of 30k?
How can I start my IT solution business?
What is the least investment ever done in a business that became successful?
A company wants me to create a 1-pager to describe how I would create new product. What should I include in the deck?
Why do promoters of successful companies sell their stake?
Can I start a startup in a little town?
Is it easy to get insurance bond for a startup project?
How did nontechnical founders hire their first engineer?
What are some latest innovative start-ups made of Wordpress?
How can I reach out to private residential clients to participate in an online survey about architect-client relationships?
What is the ideal age to start a construction company?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
For a SaaS company, is it wise to do services along with products to augment revenue?
How can I get a loan for my start up business?
I want to start a job recruitment service. Can anyone give a unique name for it?
I am 18 and want to establish a perfect credit record. Where do I start?
Why do general partnerships form limited partnerships instead of a limited company?
What is the best way to register a multimedia group, which has 5 sub companies?
What is the process for starting a content management company in Kolkata?
How would you manage release for a product launch?
How do I start a educational startup (like providing coaching for various exams) in India?
What business should I start in the retail segment in a posh area?
What is the procedure to start a sweet shop?
Which place would you choose, as an Indian, for a start-up, India or Silicon Valley? Why?
How do I start a POS payment startup business?
How much equity should I give a distribution or referral channel partner in the pre-seed stage of an early stage startup?
What is the next step after registering with Canada Job Bank?
Can I start a business in Canada while on visit?
How do I set up a small business in the US?
Which business is the best for ladies?
Can a tech startup survive without getting investors?
How do I get A-list people in my startup, when starting for the first time, with very limited or no connections?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How long will it take to develop an MVP?
What is the best way to launch a new product?
When looking to acquire another business (an SEO agency), how much direct contact are you allowed with its existing client base?
What is a good company name for a sharing platform?
Why do universities teach Calculus for CS students in a very early stage of the studies?
What is the best place to find a partner to start a business with in Africa?
Where can I find step-by-step instructions on setting up an affiliate campaign for Amazon?
What is good for a fresher? To start a career from a startup company or with a good package?
What kind of business can I start by 35 with 20000 USD?
How complicated can it get in trying to understand a business?
How is the work culture at a typical well funded internet startup in China different from the one at Silicon Valley?
What are some business projects on departmental stores?
What are some of your successful business stories which were started by you young, changed, grown?
When approaching the prospect of doing eCommerce, how does one go about choosing a product to market?
What education is needed to open a pharmaceutical company?
How can I arrange funding for building a hospital in India?
We have 50 acres of village land. What are the business plans we can execute?
Now that even China has launched its own civil jetliner, has India even started working on its own?
How can I start a new restaurant business in Hyderabad?
What are legal cost for London startups?
What would I need to start an assembly plant geared towards the manufacture of smartphones and other consumer devices?
What investment is needed to open a super market in a small district place?
What is the biggest hurdle you had in starting your online business?
What are some resources for comprehensive business plan development? I've read many, but I’ve never engaged in the development of one for a startup.
What is the process to establish a company?
How many women are starting business in their 40s?
I am interested in for startup someday but I am not getting up with the ideas, what should I do ?
What licenses and approvals are required from government/municipality bodies to start up a small food stall?
Have you ever pitched your idea, had it rejected, then realized that it was stolen?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
What is the process for starting an online journal and what are the prerequisites?
What is the procedure to setup a micro scale manufacturing unit in India?
What needed to start a magazine at university and what could be a possible structure and editorial team?
How do I start a career in directing from scratch?
Do you think it is wise to go for a startup without any experience?
Is it possible to team up with other entrepreneurs who have similar business ideas?
What’s a good approach to selling a new website to small businesses that have self-made looking WordPress websites?
What is the best way to evaluate your business plan, instead of doing a job?
Is a Qnet business haram as per Islam?
What business can be done today in India with finances of, say, 2 crore?
Where can I get help in starting a traveling public notary business in Chicago, Illinois?
Why is it a good idea to laminate your business cards nowadays?
How do I start a Dell service center in Mumbai?
I have a social media app idea. What steps should I take to make it as successful as possible?
What are some business ideas I can do besides study?
As a newbie, what steps should I take to have a successful blog within a month?
How do I start a mobile case/cover manufacturing company In Mumbai?
What is the best business that suits girls?
How can I start a business at age 23?
When you have a startup as a founder, do you really need to be paid?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are some interesting startup ideas around Aadhar and EKYC?
How can I start in international marketing?
What is the best way to attract an investor, to invest in my startup company?
Is starting a business easier in Canada than India?
What business is the best for a housewife to start with in a small city?
As a co-founder, I find it hard to negotiate hard sales contracts. How do I get over it and be awesome at it?
Which is best, a grant or an incubator, for a new startup?
What are the limitations of bootstrapping?
How can one start his own music company like T-Series in India with the least investment possible?
Which one is better, setting up a small business, a franchise, or buying a currently working store?
What should I do to start a business to sell small furnitures that I design on internet and worldwide?
What would be the best business to start up in Bangalore, with a budget of 5 lakhs?
What is the best way to reach David S. Rose for startup advice?
I have an idea for a service through a website (read detail below). Do I need to register in some sort of government agency in India?
How exactly do you build an app if you have the idea but no technical know-how and a little bit of money to get things done?
How do I write a Security Policy Doc for a startup / small web company? (examples, templates, useful references, etc.)
How do I take loan for a startup business in India?
I'm 12 years old and I'm a programmer, how do I start my own programming company?
Who are the startup investors who are into digital marketing?
What is the possibility that I can start my own business of web development or animation designing from home?
What investment can I make or which business can I start with INR 15 lakhs?
When would be best for an early stage startup to enter an incubator / accelerator?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
How and where can I find angel investors who can also provide me seed investment in Mumbai for my startup?
Is starting one’s own small business better than getting a job?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
What is the best business to start up in a city like Nagpur?
Would you include a Louder Than Liftoff Silver Bullet and API 2500 in the best must-have outboard effects unit for a startup mastering studio?
How much capital is required to start a construction company?
Is it awkward, if you hire someone that you've previously worked with at another company before you started your business?
What is best way to market IT staffing services to banks?
How can I make a money? Give me your idea, please.
Jio has paved the way for startup companies, which can use the same model as Jio. Will startup companies be able to achieve success?
If you were starting a company, which state would you incorporate in and why?
What is the scope for fodder business in Hyderabad?
If you have 5 lakhs in your hand, which business can you start in India so that it can give you a good income and great success?
In order to optimise your business so that it gives you everything you want, what would you absolutely need to have in place before you launch?
How can I start a sneaker reselling business in Mexico?
What is the best location in Austin for two aspiring entrepreneurs with limited resources to live?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
How risky is it to start your own company?
How would you hire talent for your startup firm?
Which WordPress based startups have been succesfully funded by VCs?
Is it worthwhile to pursue an MBA before starting a business or a startup?
What are important points while designing mobile app for a new business?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
How do I start an import/export business from scratch? Please explain step by step.
If given an opportunity to switch from tech. to management at a very early stage, which way should I go?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
Will it be a good choice to start up with Section C followed by B&A in the CBSE English exam?
How can an investor be encouraged to invest in a gold jewellery business as a new internet millennial?
What kind of startup can be setup in rural India?
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
What licenses do I require to start a night delivery restaurant in Mumbai?
Which is the best business to start with 5 to 7 Lakhs in Mumbai?
Is it possible to start a technology business at home? If so how?
How do I drop ship a subscription service for my ecommerce customers?
Have you observe one thing that when you join in a new company in starting days you miss your old company?
How much can I use to start mini super market in Nigeria?
Do investors typically invest in business, products, or ideas?
What stuff can I buy from Dammam to sell in Khobar as a part-time business?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
How would a sample company market their services?
What are the low-investment high profit new business?
What business can be done from home?
How does the role of a CHRO/VP of People evolve from a startup to a public company, and what are the changing challenges to be addressed?
Can Google be said as a startup company?
What are some new e-commerce business ideas this year?
What will be the effect of the Startup India campaign on the PPC?
What are the most efficient strategies for starting an Instagram account for my own business?
I want to start service center for LED displays. Is it profitable?
How much money is needed to start a business like Flipkart?
Should you incorporate directly in a foreign country or incorporate as a subsidiary of your existing company?
How much capital is required to start a jewellery store in India if I already have the space?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
What are new businesses that involve less initial investments and more profit?
What's the prospect of opening a creative home products store?
Which are the best online companies to start an online clothing business?
How can we get clients from the US for us to outsource their products and services?
Where can we find new ideas to invest in?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
Should I pursue an advanced degree or start my own e-Commerce business?
What is the best way to market an IT staffing service to the banks?
What type of manufacturing business startup ideas are good for new entrepreneurs with low investment?
What is like to start a business in Brunei as a foreigner?
As a goof, I want to mail a framed picture of the Fonz to my buddies in the event of my death. How does one go about setting that up?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
What are the key hurdles that entrepreneurs experience when setting up their companies?
What do startups value most when assessing new potential hires?
What are the things you should know before a startup?
How AI startups must compete with Google?
What things must be done if you want to set up a manufacturing unit in India as a new startup?
How do I get interest in my business?
What can I do to raise money in a short amount of time?
How do I start an online photo editing business?
How long would it take for Metro services to start from New Delhi to Meerut UP?
How do I get my journalism career off the ground?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
How could I find an ideal team so that I could start a business?
Is it legal to start a government job while being a partner in a company?
What are the successful startups in your region?
What books should I read if I want to start an e-commerce business?
What startup can provide their office for meetups in Bangalore?
I'm looking for an investment into my startup, around £2-3000. How do I go about contacting potential investors?
How much do we need to invest to start a software company?
What are some good resources for starting a business?
Does it makes sense for a start up to invest a lot in building a website?
What charity can I start or join if I want to assist in entrepreneurship for youth?
If you are given 2 products to build from scratch but only had the time and resources to do 1 product, how would you decide which to build?
What type of business could I start in Surat with low capital?
Are there any startup ideas for petroleum engineers?
How do you determine stock valuation with a high tech start up?
What is the easiest way to do branding for a startup IT company?
How much investment is needed to open a school in a remote part of India?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
What is a startup’s story?
Is pressing vinyl records a good business idea right now?
What is the minimum amount of money needed to start a family foundation?
What are the strategies to use when my costumers post a picture on Insta using my product? Can I use this picture for my business on Insta?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
What are the legal documents needed to start a business like Flipkart?
What is the best idea for online business without investment in 2017 in India?
Things to know before starting an online business?
If you want to start a business without actually quitting your job, then which business will you do in India?
What are Indian startups?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
What minimum investment does a cartoon crate manufacturing company need?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
When starting a fashion online business, do I need both a resale license and a tax license, or one or the other?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
How could I find a mentor with ecommerce experience?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How do I find the clients in a filmmaking business on the internet?
What is a good name for my yet to launch (online-only) alternative food business? I need something I can register as a .com.
What should I do to start a business in Mumbai? What is the initial cost of government charges?
How do I create a business plan as a multipotentialite?
How do logistics companies in India commercially export products for food e-commerce companies overseas?
Where can I find a place to invest my money in startup companies? I have a lot of money.
How many failed businesses do business owners have before building a successful business?
What is your Quora user dream team of cofounders if you were building a startup?
How do you chose a good nickname to build a business around it?
What type of building structure is good for a company building?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
Which business a person can start who is working in shift?
What is the best way to be a technology partner?
Where can we raise funds for a laundry based startup?
What are the best tips for a computer science graduate to start a web design business?
How do I start a bio hackerspace?
What is the average annual running cost of a new/small startup in Sillicon Valley?
When did the 'Sharmaji's son' thing first start?
I just finished my engineering from an average college. What is the easiest career path I should take to start a tech startup in India?
How does one find NGOs/startups for which one can provide free work?
How much does it cost to start a decent restaurant in Seattle?
What technology do you need in order to start a good audible podcast?
How easy/difficult is it to start a new religion?
What advice would you give to someone who wants to start learning web development?
Which business can give high profits from less investment?
I want to be an entrepreneur at the age of 22 in India. How to make it possible?
What are the basic fundamentals needed in order to start a car rental business?
After being a mechanical engineer, can I start my own business, and how?
After completing CS, can we start our own business or not?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
What business is the best one in the village?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
How can I start a hair business in Canada?
How can a startup using blockchain monetize their business if the platform is decentralized?
What is the step by step guide of adding rich snippet for articles or contents in Blogger at once?
Do I save tax if I buy startup stock options (private) and hold it for one year? The startup is located in California, US but I work at the India branch.
Can I ask for a raise before even starting?
What are the things one needs to do legally before starting a business?
What would be the best or most successful business to create with little funds?
How can an 18 year old student start a successful business in the US?
If a startup wants to have a pre-sales demo kit with pre-certified hardware wrapped in a box, can it do it without needing its own CE/UL certification?
How do I start an online business? What do I do first? I have an idea and a domain name. Who should I contact to make my website?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
How does a High Tech business differ from a regular business?
What are some things that tech people wish non-tech people to know?
My business has been given a profitable opportunity, but my runway is very short. Where can I find investors who would be willing to give me a chance?
I want to start an ice cream cookie company, but have little money. How can I start and eventually get into stores?
Is a hookah parlour a worthy business to start in Goa?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
How does one find an investor/partner in the Bay Area for a business that isn't tech-related? Ideas? Tips?
Is it good to start a LED bulb manufacturing business?
How do I suggest ideas to a CEO I don’t work for?
How does one start a casting agency in Canada?
How can I start a financial company like www.fundsindia.com and many more?
I have a game in beta, what are reasonable terms to take in investors?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
Do test prep startups fall in the EdTech domain?
How did you test pricing for your SaaS startup?
How do I earn from the errand business/make my commissions?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the steps I need to take to start an individual freelance business recruiting contractors for clients?
How did you first start out as an entrepreneur?
What advice would you give to a first year CS undergraduate who wants to build his own company?
What are the steps to building a successful business from idea to starting a company, and so on?
How can I get a job at any FMCG or any mechanical company? I want to start my own manufacturing unit that will supply products to Maruti or others.
Should I contribute to Opensource or invest that time to create my own product?
If an international company wants to set up in India, what are the options without establishing a formal organisation?
What's the best & quickest way to copyright an idea or product?
How do I setup a holding company in India?
How do I bring in more business?
Is there any advantage or disadvantage to businesses having turned over less than 20 lakh by opting for GST?
Which is the best and easiest way to start a business?
What do you think are the main reasons people succeed at online business?
What is happening when your focus to start a Shopify and a real estate business turns to focusing more on family needs and what they want instead?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
We are a start up travel company and we are getting contacted by investors. What are the pros & cons of appointing an investor in the initial days?
Is there any platform to discuss my business idea?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
Can an underwriter deny my mortgage because I work at a startup?
After completing CA, what should I do for starting a business?
Who wants to start their own Arbonne business?
What are the various ways of business collaborating for projects for a proprietorship firm?
How do I start a retail business like GameStop and Sam's club?
What are the best practices for user testing and research for a startup?
Which is a better option for an MTech passout: a corporate bank or a startup company?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
Why do people say the best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch?
Should I buy a business for 250k?
If am planning to quit my job and start a freelancing career all on my own, where should I begin with acquiring small scale customers/clients?
What is the importance of ideas?
What should be checked first before the pump starts?
Which business is best in Chennai?
What are some of your awesome ideas for future cartoons? Don't worry, your ideas are safe.
How do startup websites become a partner with websites like Ticketmaster?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
What is the best Applicant Tracking System (ATS) for small business? We need one that is strictly for hiring - no HRIS. Greenhouse and Lever?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
What is the step by step procedure to start affiliate marketing?
Do you buy doors online?
Do university entrepreneur students benefit enough from crowdsourcing and crowdfunding to create their startups?
What’s the best product I can start selling today?
How can CA start investment in start-ups?
How much does it cost, at minimum, to set up a branch office in Japan?
How do other businesses differentiate between what is new business and what is organic growth?
Are sales useless?
How do I convert my company-owned and company-paid COCP mobile connection into a company-owned and individual-paid COIP connection?
Which is the best franchise to start with 3 Lakhs in Bangalore or Kolar?
How did you feel when your business idea was rejected?
Which business you will start if you have 1 lakh in your pocket?
What are the first steps for opening a chemical consultancy business?
I have loaned money out to some friends and I enjoy the return. How could I start a business lending company? What software should I use?
I'm starting up a Pvt. Ltd. company which will manage artists. Which designation should I go for as I am the founder and the manager for now too?
What are the things one can do while doing an 11 to 9 job in Pune?
Is there a platform/community that encourages startup collaboration and partnerships to leverage from each other?
How difficult will it be to start an airplane manufacturing company?
Are there any quality direct sales companies that do not have an age requirement to join? My daughter is 13 and would like her own business.
I want to start an accountability campaign on our leaders in the next general election in Kenya, how can I get funding?
How do you use ThomasNet to get business?
I have 3 lakhs of money to invest on business, which is the best sector to start a small business?
What business should I start with 1 million PKR in Pakistan?
What are the businesses which can be started for night work?
A new client is asking for personal details about my freelance business, including revenue and the names of my other clients. Is this to be expected?
I want to engineer a product, how do I get help without people stealing my idea?
How is the software/high tech business different from the tangible products business?
Is there any platform/group to support my startup idea?
What are the best Methods of Business Communication?
How do I use my audio production skills in convincing small businesses to do or record radio commercials in order to enhance their businesses?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
How can I do multiple business under one sole proprietorship in India?
Is there any stationery box subscription startup in India? Is there enough market for anyone to start such a startup?
How much investment needed to start a business with Alidropship in India?
How can I get new creative business ideas quickly?
If you want to make a big change in the world, where do you start?
What country has the highest incidence of tech start up activity per day on average?
How do I begin a business myself?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
How many hours in a day requires an E-Commerce start up store to operate smoothly?
Should the web domains of an offshore business be held in a trust, business entity, or personally?
What are legal requirements to start solar installation business in Florida and do I need a license or certificate?
How is the medicine business?
What is a good new exotic products to do business for now?
Who are the top angel investors in India who would invest in a hedge fund like start-up? (around 2 to 4 million USD)
Are you going to start your startup soon?
Is any licence required for a paid classified portal if we already registered a private limited company with a different name?
What are the best business ideas for beginners this year?
What is your successful startup story?
Is it worth joining IIMS versus working on your startup and giving up the choice of doing an MBA?
Will I face a legal problem if crawled some information and used it in my startup?
What should be the equity structure of a cofounder if he joins a job and wants to be a sleeping shareholder after one year past the company’s formation?
How can I pitch a scientific idea to get a scholarship?
Does Ali Alshamsi think it is a good idea to invest your business profit in small quantities or wait for a while until you have a bigger amount?
Why is business a good career to get into?
Can you change a company from an LLC to a C corp?
What business would you have started if you were an African and why?
Can anyone share a list of some startup companies working on SAS in India?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
What are the differences between a company, partnership firm and proprietorship?
What is a simple online business?
How are debt investors protected from default if anyone can setup a private limited company?
Who needs an investor for a farming business around Pune?
When starting a fashion store, would I need both a sales tax license and a resales license or just one of them?
What would be the adequate amount of investment required for starting up a pharma marketing company with a list of 10 products at first?
Will I be able to brand textile with my own brand? If so, how may I start?
What do you think one should look into before starting a spices trading company?
What are the highest growing startups?
I have a product that I sell using Shopify, but no one is buying it. Why isn't my product selling?
When starting online marketing in South Korea, what are the first crucial steps to take?
What is the most difficult stage in business start-up?
What are some ideas to develop your own small-scale food processing plant with minimum investment?
How can I make a zero investment buisness registration?
Gordon Miller started a business with 10k. How did he come out with ideas/niches and how should an aspiring entrepreneur do the same?
I recently started a home based travel agency. I always force myself to create the itineraries. Is changing my line of industry considered quitting?
How do you start a locally based food delivery business?
How can I promote a small business to a community?
What are the possibilities of a new thriving business in the field of AI?
What is a low-risk business in the mechanical sector?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
What type of internet business should I focus on?
What advice would Prateek Saxena give to startup entrepreneurs?
I want to start paintball business on the sea shore, what are the legal procedures to take lease or use the land of government in India?
What is a good low investment project?
Is there any logic for valuation of a B2B ecommerce startup?
Can we incorporate a company on one name and use other for business?
I have some ideas which can improve the functionality and user base of existing applications. How do I pitch the idea to the owners?
What will be a good startup business?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
What are some good name advices if I want to start my own alcoholic brand?
I have a business idea. How do I find people to develop this idea in to a product like app and website? Is it a fair idea to get a freelancer?
I am looking for funding for my Tech company & want to meet investors in Dubai or Singapore for a month. Which city has more potential investors?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
How do I build a sustainable business model for a startup for education in underdeveloped countries?
Is an export startup business a thing of the past?
What are the most important things to consider when starting a business in order to achieve financial independence?
How can I get information about the biogas business? Where should I start?
How do I transform my idea into an online application which could help people?
What are the best small to medium business ideas?
What is the best way to reach your target market online?
I would like to start my own company. What's the best way to put together a business plan so I can get money to start it?
How can I get finance for my running business to expand?
How do I start a small business in another country?
Why did Idea Vodafone sell their internet plans at a higher cost, if they could reduce the cost?
What is the procedure to open an MSCIT center?
What is the best way to reach our target customers who are not fond of the Internet?
Are there any Indian startups on Quora looking for job posting?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
Once I have a completed iOS app, how could I apply for seed funding to help cover marketing expense?
How do I start online store and register?
If both Germany and the US had to start building their militaries from scratch, which would be the strongest and built in the fastest amount of time?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
What are the opportunities and difficulties for entrepreneurs in India?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
How do I start own business with little amount of money?
How can one handle a big loss in business?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
Why do so many startups have co-founders, but co-CEOs are much rarer?
What type of contract is needed to use another component in your product?
What are some businesses I can start doing at home with just my phone and internet connection?
Is it a wise idea to start an online grocery store now even though there are big players currently?
How can I start my small car workshop?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
As an Indian teenager from Kolkata, how to find investors for my start up?
What are some easy yet effective ways to value a private business?
What are some of the best small scale industries for women entrepreneurs in Kerala?
How can I start a Chinese BHEL business in India?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
If the financial plan of my startup does not show any significant sales for the first 12-18 months, how can I get funding for it?
I have an idea for a tech startup with no tech background. What should I do?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
Where/how can I find an activewear apparel manufacturer to start a line that includes my own custom print? What is the best country for this?
How can start a C & F business?
What are the difficulties you face in setting up a business?
How much of your company share should you give to an investor? How does the percentage work?
Is the entertainment blogging nitch not too saturated for newbies?
Is there a way bootstrapped startups can exchange services without money?
I am thinking about becoming a Grammar Auror. How should I get started? How can I get started?
I want to start practicing speaking. How can I do it?
How can I know about general or everyday problems of people to create a business idea?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
What are some excellent software which can help me make a decent pitch for the investors?
How do startups and/or freelancers get new clients without a marketing budget?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
What advice can you give to someone that just started driving?
How do I find a reliable travel business partner?
What should I keep in mind while starting my business in the engineering field?
How can I minimize food wastage in an on-demand breakfast preparation and delivery startup?
How do I start up a business in the mechanical field with a low-budget investment?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What are the great, small ideas that can make the world better?
What are all the issues one can face after initiating a self owned interior designing & construction firm?
I had an idea but others have just developed it. Should I go for it anyway?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What are Gordon Miller's thoughts about a single founder startup?
How much should I sell my trading business?
Can I grow my business with Instagram?
How can I start my own business? I have been doing a job for 5 years, and all that time the thing I have seen is bounded with too many SOPs.
How is France in terms of innovations & startups? What are the national problems in this sector?
Is it permitted for a public corporation to buy equity in a startup?
How do I start up a doorstep delivery business with no cash at all?
How do you predict revenue for a startup?
How do big companies get their funds?
Should I invest or start a small business with $7500?
What are 5 tips/suggestions you would give to an aspiring entrepreneur or someone in the early stage of his startup?
What advice would you give to a developer who wants to start their own software development company?
What does Jason Lemkin think of Zenefits? Is there an effective way to manage such a hyper growth startup?
How do I start a paper napkin business?
How do I survey the market, before starting a business in USA?
What is Twinword Ideas, and how does it work?
I am planning to launch a job board website. What are the most important things I need to consider before I launch my site?
How can you gain trust for an online business?
What are some ways to start your own custom design furniture business in Egypt?
How can I contact Mr. Ratan Tata to get funding for my start-up?
What type of members are involved in an animation team? What are their roles and significance?
How do I design a pamphlet for my new mobile shop? What offers can I give to customers?
Do e-rickshaw drivers in Karachi earn more? Is it a good business to start?
What are the things to be considered for starting an asset management firm in India?
Which self-help/business seminars would you recommend for an entrepreneur who wants to grow?
Write a short note on lifting the corporate veil. What is the process of registration for a company?
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What is the process for starting a private university in Nepal?
What type of private business for a foreigner is commonly successful in Malaysia?
What do you wish somebody told you before starting out as a business mom?
I am starting a new online shop. Which Shopify application can you recommend?
Can I encourage my ex-colleague to join my new company?
How do you go about setting up a healthcare business like a hospital for providing services that you as a physician/surgeon specialise in?
What is that best way to create values in products?
How can I register my home startup cafe on portals like Foodpanda or Swiggy? What are the legal documents required?
What is a process to bring a lifestyle hardware device idea to the market?
How can one start a scrap business in India?
You have every footballer in the Eredivisie at your disposal. What is your starting line-up?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
What are your ideas to register a Paan stall alongside Zilla Parishad Road?
Why would you join a startup?
Considering a site is already selected, how much investment is required to start a silver mine? What is the approximate return of investment time?
Is it legal to start an online market based on a personally owned cryptocurrency?
Do I need to register my company in software technology parks in India for the export of software?
How can a fresher civil engineer start to earn a good income with his own business?
What are some product ideas to help elderly people?
How do I get an investor for a pre-seed startup?
What is the best procedure to build a good website? Where should I start and what are the different steps?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
How can I start business in Zoomcar with my car?
How can I build and establish the key industry contacts and generate new business leads?
It’s been more than 10 years, and I got bored of an IT job and want to do some business. Any ideas?
How can I start a mobile manufacturing plant in India?
Which business has more than 50% profit?
When can I mention myself as a founder?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What do you choose between starting up a company or going to IIM?
What is the best business to do in Chennai?
What are steps to succeed in your small business?
Where I can get business ideas and business plans for sales?
Would a full-stack programmer be interested in a bootstrapped business with institutional clients lined up or do they prefer a VC-backed startup?
What are the most innovative production businesses in your city that you can start with 45000€?
We know that approximately 90% of startups fail, so why do people who aren't truly motivated to pursue their idea decide to go ahead and build one?
What are the chances of your startup being acquired if you are a non-technical co-founder but your startup has good traction?
How do you start an export business of IT hardware products from India to the UAE?
What are some creative business to start in Indonesia?
Where can I find someone who wants to invest in a startup business located in Europe?
What should​ I pursue if I feel I am stuck in a wrong startup as an employee?
What would be a great football startup idea?
Can I start day trading with INR 5,000?
What advice do you have for setting up a business in Singapore?
What is the importance of knowledge of economics for launching a start-up in India?
How do I start an online business and get desired results, or which online business would be better to do?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
How does one open a mini supermarket?
Must general partnerships doing business outside their state register as a foreign entity in the states in which they do business?
How hard it is to find a co-founder for a tech startup in Cluj-Napoca?
Are there any companies or organizations who help people start a business in Japan?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
What can be a good idea for startup?
How can we get funds to cover the cost of a shipment of sanitary equipment to Senegal, all documented and not for profit?
In what specific present and future businesses do clients prefer their service providers to be in 50+ years?
Should all new startups try to protect their brand by acquiring similar domains to the name of their own company?
What is the scope of growing an ITIS domain if I start from a small scale company?
What should I do if I have an idea that requires a technology/technique that hasn't been developed sufficiently?
I realised my new job in a startup does not reflect my seniority and team leading experience. The first month I spent with Excel. What should I do?
Why do most of the Indian startups fail after 2-3 years?
What is minimum amount of money required to start a computer relative business after a CSE B.Tech?
How do I start my construction business and where can I attain knowledge about construction?
How do you start building a repossession company?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, to become successful, do I need to obtain a masters degree or should I venture straight into business?
Based on your research, how could one start a successful tech startup in the developing countries such as those found in Africa?
What kind of business can I start with an investment of 20 lakhs?
Is a startup of any business possible, along with an MBBS?
Will UK tech startups be able to cope up with the lack of future funding from European Investment Fund (EIF)?
Is being street smart and manipulative the only way to run a successful business in India?
How do I start an electrical service based shop in a small town?
Is SoftBank the right investor for a small technology software startup with big potential to be used by everyone throughout the world?
How much capital do I need to start a gym in India?
What are the steps for a foreigner to start a tourism business in India (guiding tours for other foreigners)?
What are some great business opportunity in an emerging market?
What is the biggest struggle of an artist when running his business?
How can I become a sales consultant for startups?
Which is the correct age to start a business?
What are the things to remember in all business and technical aspects when buying a small-scale mineral water company?
How I can make my own business company?
How can I start a business in a foreign country with little capital?
If you have 2 businesses, and 1 business is doing ok and the other business is in debt and needs more investment to do well, would you invest in it or shut it?
What are the business fails that you face with a low investment? Why?
Why does a small company need to prepare a financial report?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What is the furthest venture round so far?
What is the side business that most of the sw engineers are doing?
Can I build a startup as a Digital Nomad?
What low capital business can I start in London?
How does a business create volume for its products?
Which is the best platform to find a client for a digital marketing startup business without investment money?
What type of businesses are going to be successful in coming years?
How do the mechanics of equity work if you raised money from more than 1 investor in terms of the percentage of ownership each gets?
What are some internet challenges that companies set up to promote their product?
What kind of startups is not yet available in Malaysia?
What precautions should one take when starting a small business?
I want to start my own startup in food packaging business. What is the procedure of getting the liscences and setting up the production from home?
How do I start a small clinic (only IP) in Kerala? What all documents are required? How much will the cost be?
For tax purposes does the first year of business start with the date of expense, incorporation, revenue or employees?
What happens when you have an idea and you don't know what to do with it?
What are some best practices after an investor rejection (e.g., thank-you email, updates, removing access to key documents, etc.)?
How do I expand my web design business?
I want to start a blog. But before that I want to identify a problem that I would want to solve. How do I go about that?
Can I turn the building of robotic kits into an at home or online buisness?
Where is the best state in the USA to start an export/import business?
What are important needs (website builder and legal procedure) for startups like Flipkart and Quicker?
How can I set up a cottage A4 copy paper production industry?
What will be the cost to invest & start a site like Dream 11?
Where can I find a business plan example/template pertaining to the franchisor business model?
How much money I need to start poultry business in Pakistan?
I am planning to start a term deposit. What kind of tenures does it offer?
How do you manage all of your entrepreneurial ideas?
How do you evaluate if the business is ready to get funding?
What are the good IT startups in Hyderabad to work?
Do I need a Kafil/ Dubai citizen to start a business in Dubai? I would like to start Dubai staffing from offshore in India.
How can I meet a mentor who can guide me to becoming rich?
What is the process of registration for a company?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How many feel that coding should have be introduced in our early stages of education like schooling?
I have an idea for an invention but I don't know how to begin its design. How do I determine where to start?
Who can I pitch my idea to in order to get feedback?
What do you think can make you a successful business holder in the Indian market?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
How do I find clients if I want to start an export business?
What are interesting ways for startups to structure an enterprise SaaS deal?
How much space (sq ft, m^2) per person is needed in a startup office?
If a new director invests in his company, should the company be liable for paying him back?
What happens if you buy unrelated business items via your business?
Wouldn't a E-Commerce startup make more profit if it delivers the goods using drones?
How do I set up a company in UK?
Can I start up a blog from behind an anonymous profile?
Is there a way to calculate the general liability needs of a business?
What are some successful business ideas this year?
How do you know if your business idea will work?
How do we get a license to start a soft drink brand?
What is the vesting for advisors?
How do I find ideas for an online business?
What is the safest way to start an online business?
Will Gordon Miller teach me how to start a business and invest like him?
Where does Ali AlShamsi get his seed money to start?
How do you start a nonprofit, and fundraise?
Is a limited partnership (LP) a legal entity in the US, and can it own stocks in a company in another country?
I have to write the 2018 IAS exam and need to know how I should start preparing?
Do you know someone who can connect with Investors for funding Delhi NCR?
How can I start my own e-commerce business?
How do you like clone scripts to start online business?
How do I start matrimonial business?
How do I set up and profit from an ecommerce site?
How can a teen start a lawn care business without a drivers license?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
We are a startup social media company and currently seeking experienced developers to develop a database and a chat room. Are you interested?
How much will it cost to open a small food or juice shop in Chennai?
Starting up in the agriculture sector, what should be the primary focus area?
Should I get a kinesiology degree to start a clothing line?
How do I find a technologist or technical co-founder who could productize the idea (as an app), alongside a business founder?
How can one start a business in Delhi with a small investment? What are the steps for beginners, even with studies?
I need to get clients for my market research business. I am a new business owner. How do I get client for my market research company?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
How much money do I have to spend to start a good restaurant in Delhi?
What is the best method of going from idea to product in your experience?
How can a legal translation help you expand your business globally?
Which business is targeting the students?
Is there a relationship between capital intensive businesses and asset heavy businesses?
How hard is it to start a business in Germany as a foreigner?
What are the steps I should follow if I want to make an application like YouTube?
I have a new idea about wet food packaging that will remove liquid from the food product before preparation. How do I sell my idea to Valpak?
How do I sell a prototype app to a company I no longer work for?
What is a list of business ideas for this year?
I’m opening a boutique in the Philippines. Would it be easy to be a manufacturer?
My N300 is not responding. Should I set it up again from scratch?
Is there a supplier of marble through which I can start my own marble business in Kolkata?
What can I do with 10,000 USD today in terms of starting a business?
What some of the best low risk, low investment businesses to do in Andhra Pradesh Vizag?
What should I do while my cofounder builds the first version of our app?
What are the new ideas to setup a small industry?
How do I startup an online shopping company when I have no knowledge, experience or guidance related to it?
What is the business services industry?
What are some basic ideas about a start-up, i.e., if one wishes to earn after passing 12?
What is the best place to start a writing carrer?
What are the top 10 small business ideas this Year?
What business can I do with a 1-lakh investment in Kerala?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
How do you find people willing to invest in small business ideas?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
What are the best startup ideas for starting a business in India?
What are some business ideas for a budget up to 2-3 crore in India?
How do EDI providers compare and rank for small businesses just starting out?
If we require funds, can we get private funds for running a company from somewhere even though our company's account is NPA?
How can I apply for a drug license and a TIN number to start a wholesale drug distributor business in India?
What kind of business can I start with a small budget in Nepal?
I’m thinking of starting an online business. What is something you would like to see or purchase online?
Can someone share a success business story as I am facing the dark time of my business?
What should everyone know about startups that most people don't?
What are the things required to start a restaurant in Kolkata & how much will it cost?
Should India start protectionism to build its own industry?
If I start a software company, where can I get a project?
How would you go from an idea to code and finally to the release?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
How do I startup a good business without investing much?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
How much do you need to know of a language before you start referring to the dictionary?
I've created my idea, digitally, and now I'm ready to build it. Who can I contact to get the parts built?
What are some options for raising money to invest in an established business?
What motivates you to start your own business while working at a job?
What is the best way to start an online dropshipping business?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Is starting a hookah parlour in Bangalore for investors a good idea?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
Is it right to leave the startup you worked with from the beginning when you see that the environment is negative at the workplace, despite a good salary?
What are the basic steps to start a fitness industry?
What is a great way to secure speaking engagements in London in the startup or e-commerce space?
How can I create my own social network service?
What is the best business to start at the age of 22?
Would investors look down on entrepreneurs who are *really broke* but managed to build an initial product?
What kind of business is best to start in Ludhiana?
To whom do companies sell their data?
Which is best business to startup in Singapore?
I want to start a rabbit farm from scratch in Nigeria, how do I start?
Why do startups have this notion of generating funds right after hitting an idea?
Which city in North Odisha is better to start a commercial business?
A bank will lend 80% of $10 million required to purchase a business. Aside from my talent to run it, what should I offer an investor to put up the other $2 million?
How do I start a cartoon channel? What should be my first step?
Is it possible to start a buisness in Norway?
How should I get ready to get into the dairy farm business?
What help can you give to startups in Africa?
How can I find a business mentor to help me with my start up?
Which are the small scale industries, which need less investment?
How do I start a cake baking business in Nigeria?
What are some red flags in a startup, and what details should I pay attention to when applying?
What formalities are necessary for opening up an NGO?
How much investment does a "poha " making factory need?
Who bears the IPO expenses in an offer for sale? All of the stake holders, i.e the company, or the stakeholders who are selling their stakes?
How can someone start a successful chemical company nowadays?
How did you start your own hotel? How do you manage it?
Where can I find an investor who can see if my product can bring value to the market place?
What is the best startup in construction?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What does Gordon Miller think is important in establishing a company?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
What is going to become the next multibillion dollar company?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
Can a company have a registered office that is different from its incorporated office?
If business can be carried out in a sole proprietorship format, then why do we form a pvt. Ltd company?
Is a business possible without an investment?
How does a hiring plan increase my startup valuation? Does that mean I need to minimize my headcount?
What happens to old employees if a partnership firm converts to a private firm?
When do you decide to close your startup?
Can I give out my business cards without being registered with the state?
What's the regulation of “established year" printed on product packages or logos? What defines the establishment of a business?
Which business is better to start after BTech, which is different from my field, and easy to invest in and get the same returns?
What are the Items used for starting up a shawarma business?
Is Mike Michalowicz' advice any good if you're not running a service or client-based business?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
Is there an incubation cell or anything of the sort in India where individuals can bring their laptops and work on their startup ideas?
How do I start the wholesale business of food grains?
For a startup to be successful, is it necessary for the founder or co-founders to be from the IITs or IIMs?
What are the new business projects in the future?
How do I open a shop in a Westfield shopping centre?
How can I start my business for studying abroad? I don’t have any knowledge about this field. Is their any consultancy firm which I can approach?
Where can I find an investors’ directory for a pre-seed startup?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
What should I do to prevent my startup ideas from being stolen?
What are the important things we need to know and do if we want to open a coffee shop and bakery?
What can you do when something inside you doesn't want you to be successful?
When is the best time to start a new business in a career? Should I start a business just after completing graduation or not?
Who can advise startups on better business models or creating more revenue?
Who are some non-software Indian startup founders?
How do I start a trek agency? I wish to start a trekking agency that organizes treks across the Indian subcontinent.
Are students allowed to partake in business such as Import/Export or any sole proprietor business in Australia?
How can a student from South India start a business?
What is funding in an e-commerce business?
Does a person need to be skilled to create a product or is an idea enough to start seeking support?
How can I contact the company Vivo if I have a business suggestion for them?
What kind of business can I start with a minimum 10000 INR?
Which one is better: Stop working for others and start up your own business or try to manage both your work and your business?
Would every small business need to have a full time accountant after GST is implemented?
Why do you want to put up your business idea?
I want to start an online store business, where should I start from?
What will you name a hospitality Startup?
How do I start up a music streaming website?
In a startup, my investment is 70%. What designation should I hold, CEO or CTO?
What are some new products for business in the USA?
How do I develop or market my automatic car wash business in my city in order to attract more and more customers? What would be some unique tips?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
What is the best way to validate a startup idea without public disclosure?
How do I start a business at this time?
What questions should I ask startup companies to collect primary data on early customer feedback?
What is the biggest digital or online struggle facing new entrepreneurs in non-internet based businesses?
How many investment should I have if I am launching an application with 1000 of users?
What are some successful industry for business this year?
As a woman entrepreneur, what was the biggest hurdle you faced when starting your business? How did you overcome it?
What are some crowdfunding platforms from where I can raise or get money to start a business?
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
Can two co-founders live in different countries and still effectively launch an Internet business and get the fund from investors?
How and where can you hire a reliable food and beverage business operative manager if you are just a new startup?
How can I start my own orchestra?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
Is there anyone who wants to start a small business in Pune or Bihar and is looking for a partner?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
What warning signs / good reasons are there to quit a start up to pursue other avenues?
Can partnership firms become partners?
How much does it cost to start a good bakery in Kerala?
I want to move in Istanbul. Where do I start?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
What makes you confident to start a business?
I'm a student who is going to start working in the US in about a month. How do I go about increasing my credit limit?
From where do freelancers get their projects?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
Can great wealth be made from business alone or is investment required?
If you were running a company that produces X and the market was tanking for that product, what would you do?
Are there any angel investors who invest in startups in India?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
What new business projects will be hot soon?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
If you could trade only one set-up, which would it be?
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
What factors do you have to keep in mind when trying to calculate startup costs and revenue predictions?
How do I make a business model for the idea I have about an online selling platform?
What is the best answer for “what's up with you”?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
How do I start my life after graduating?
