How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
What are some companies like Antalis?
Why do some applications start with an invite-only option?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
Is the crowdfunding space contracting as of 2017?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
What is the highest CPM you can recieve for a gaming app in India?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What are the essential bookkeeping items an online startup should track?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Who is the startup boy Raja Ashu?
Any good names for technical startup?
What are social and cultural trends influencing startups in Uganda?
When is the best time to work with startup companies?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
Is Thankeyou's new trips feature gaining traction?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
What are the most interesting and innovative tech startups in India?
What is Thumbtack doing?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
Are there any startups based in India which works on implementing AI in instrumentation or electrical domain?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What are 3 main reasons why a startup is successful?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
What can I do for my startup?
Can someone critique my website design?
What is Talview’s interview like? What kind of questions are asked in it for a startup?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What is an acquisition of a company?
What was hot in Silicon Valley in May 2017?
What are some profitable businesses to start with 20,000 rupees?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
Are there any exciting new developments in computer programming with knowledge applications (start-ups, OS)?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
What are some India-based recruitment startups?
What happened to Stremor Corp (stremor.com)?
What are the problems Harsh Snehanshu faced as an author that he intends to solve via YourQuote?
What is a social startup?
What are some high demand computer skills I could learn to earn some money online or as a freelancer?
What should I do while my cofounder builds the first version of our app?
Are there any sites where startup investors are reviewed?
How many users does Wanelo have?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
What is the most profitable business to make with 1000$ capital?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
Are there larger companies that attempted to acquire Quora?
How about a story sharing community like Quora, where you can write a story title in the question, and someone else will write a story in the answer?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
What are business incubators in Paris?
How can I dropship to Somalia profitably from AliExpress or Amazon?
Is it okay to entertain offers from multiple investors before making a decision?
What is "cost of revenue" for a marketplace startup?
How does a company get acquired?
Which are the most promising IT/software companies that are newly established in Ahmadabad?
What are the biggest travel/photography related companies based in Europe?
What is the base amount of shares one should give to prospective tech startup hires?
Why do youngsters prefer working under someone instead of going for a startup?
What are the things that you need to take care of when opening a deep learning startup in India?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
What is the use of virtual assistant?
Can you come up with a recent new product example that failed and explain why you believe it failed?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
What are some famous and growing startups in Pune?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Would it be possible to build a decentralized blockchain-based service like Uber or Airbnb, which could not be tracked or/and regulated?
How does Gordon Miller calculate 6B in value created even though his webpage says only 100m?
What are some web/tech startups in Nepal who have been running actively and are big?
Do HR people ever get jealous while recruiting people with much higher salaries than them? Do they ever feel underrated?
Where can I get new startup data?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How do new startups get financed?
What are some of the most interesting Cambodian tech startups that are active today?
Which are the most innovative asset management start ups?
What is it like working at RocketSpace for a startup?
Should I apologize in this situation? I used to work in a startup, before moving to a big company. I worked in the startup for 5 months.
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What are some of the AI startups in Bulgaria?
What are the best startups in Philippines?
Why doesn’t AdultWork get shut down?
Why are Nigeria companies not offering IPOs to startups?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
Is it essential for a tech startup to be innovative, or will even selling WordPress services be regarded as a startup?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
Why are Nigerian startups not disruptive?
How do I hire world-class talent in a third-tier city?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
What startups in the Boston area are most likely to explode in 2017?
What are start-up companies?
Would data privacy laws, such as those of the EU, have affect tech startup valuations?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
What are the limitations of bootstrapping?
Can Google be said as a startup company?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What is the perfect time to shut down your company?
Why don't big banks invest in start-ups, like VCs?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What was the valuation of Sprig during its $45M Series b?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
What are some great data science based insights?
Why has YourQuote not found investors yet?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
How can I get my startup featured in major publications?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
How does a non-dealer get access to car dealer auctions without starting a full-fledged dealership?
What benefit (besides happy employees) is there to issuing an all-employee option pool from a Series A before a Series B? What's the downside (besides founder dilution)?
What's the number one problem of startups in the Philippines?
Why did MassPlanner.com did get shut down?
What is the best startup with 0 INR?
How would you hire talent for your startup firm?
The buffer explained how things led to the departure of two of its key people. How did the investors feel about it, considering the "little exit"?
How do I develop a complete backend for a startup website and an Android app that needs constant iterative changes? What language should I use?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
Who are the most active investors in Luxembourg based start-ups?
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
Why aren’t there many innovative startups coming out of India?
What are the best sustainable businesses for schools?
What are examples of successful companies that specialize?
What is the best way to find customers for my new business. How do I do it?
What failed startups should be revived?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
What is the fuss about Slack? Why do most startups love it so much?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
Many SaaS gurus say valuation multiples range from 2-50x based on how 'hot' the start up is. What does 'hot' mean in this context?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
What innovative international companies have offices in the Washington, DC area that would appreciate candidates with entrepreneurial backgrounds?
How do I invest in Bitcoin? What all prospects should I consider before investing?
What are the best practices for user testing and research for a startup?
What are the reasons that makes a startup interesting or desirable for a growth hacker or business developer?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of startup incubators and accelerators for companies/products with no customers?
Why does Replica, the startup from San Francisco, begin to cooperate with All Turtles?
How is Balaji Viswanathan's startup doing?
In a startup, my investment is 70%. What designation should I hold, CEO or CTO?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
What law firm for a startup would you recommend in Israel?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
What does SLDC do?
Should I (H1-B visa in USA) master my interview preparation (as it would help me find a job soon if my startup idea fails) or should I jump on my startup idea first?
What kind of work did you do before you started your business?
What are things to consider when starting a Professional Services team in a SaaS company?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
What are some examples of companies that grew through acquisitions?
Does NYC have a good start-up scene or should I directly move to San Francisco?
Where can I find startups to join as a web dev?
Do employers wish that they didn't have to finance retirement plans like the 401k?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is English Ninjas?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
How is the startup investment scenario in Kolkata?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What are the pros and cons of equity based crowdfunding? In specific SparkUp crowdfunding platform please?
Who is on the board of directors of Facebook?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
How is the TrueAlley company?
What are some interesting, up and coming new technology or startups in augmented reality space?
How do I become rich in the span of 2 years?
How is working for a startup?
What are some remarkable products born at hackathons?
How AI startups must compete with Google?
Can Athens become the next start-up capital of Europe?
What are the most successful recent startups in India?
How do I remotely shut down my child's iPhone?
Did you check out the world's largest group dedicated to supporting IoT startups?
Can one become a Rajput if he/she no longer has the means to find out if his/her family used to be Rajput?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
Who is on the board of directors of Google?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
Are sales useless?
Do startups in France have any specific features? For example, do they tend to produce the product from the same sector (IT, retail)?
What are the hottest startups in 2017?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
I have an idea for a service through a website (read detail below). Do I need to register in some sort of government agency in India?
Which startups are hiring marketing undergraduate freshers 2017 in Bangalore?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
Is there anyone who has been fired from a startup and didn't get a job after that? What will you do now?
What is the best way to start networking at a young age and how?
When does any company get acquired?
Which AgTech startups failed?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
Why is it hard for a company doing same as Uber to beat them?
I need a company name for our sharing platform. What do you recommend?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What are the most promising startups in India?
What if you could make a stock market for people?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What's the great failure behind the great success of the iPhone?
What are the qualifications for a startup?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
Is it ethical to earn big money in healthcare (healthcare startup)?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
How do I get a job in a Bangalore start-ups?
How is DuoLingo doing financially?
Do Net Promoter Scores matter?
Why do you need to register a company?
How many new startup companies are established every year?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Are there any innovative products for a business startup?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
What are the best videos to watch on Startup Growth?
Which post-Series A, NYC-based startups are hiring in May 2017?
What are the best ways for a startup to find paying BETA testing customers at a heavily discounted rate?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
Why was Maple shut down?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
What kind of startups is not yet available in Malaysia?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
What are the best startups that provide internships on app development in Hyderabad?
How do you start a detailing business?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
Are there any startups which would pay me to learn Machine Learning and AI?
How did startups like Flipkart, Ola, Paytm, SnapDeal get media attention through news material and advertising to became the talk of the town?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
How helpful is it to be in San Francisco/Silicon Valley for startups?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
Should I start my company in Los Angeles, Seattle, or Austin?
Which startups hire data analysts?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
How does the role of a CHRO/VP of People evolve from a startup to a public company, and what are the changing challenges to be addressed?
How should I get started on Botanics?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
Is there a template agreement for converting debt (convertible note) into warrants before expiration of the note?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
Which Y Combinator-backed start-ups are hiring software engineers on student visas (F1) in the San Francisco Bay area?
Which Australian city is the best for business/tech startups?
What is the best way to find Clojure talent for a startup?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What are some unknown but amazing business models?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
What is a startup’s story?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
What do series A, series B and series C rounds of funding mean and on what basis are these chosen?
What is the best city in India to start a stand-up comedy career in?
How do I apply for Startup Village (VIZAG)?
What's the best international startup industry?
Is CodeEval still up and running?
As a marketing-CRM application provider, is a business associate agreement required with healthcare startups that are collecting consumer health data?
How do I manage my car rental business by using car rental application?
Which are some interesting sports startups in Chennai?
How can I earn revenue from food startup?
What is your successful startup story?
What are big French companies that deal with innovations?
Why don’t early startups give their employees’ salaries on time?
What’s the best way to punish startups like Pick My Laundry?
What is the good alternative to extratorrent?
Why does Internet Explorer keep showing up on startup?
What startup can provide their office for meetups in Bangalore?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
Why does skin problems occur in men and what is the best way to avoid it?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
We are releasing an app for the first time. Should we add "beta" to our logo and in the description, to let people now that the app will have bugs?
What is better for a Computer Science fresher, companies like Capgemini/Tech Mahindra or any startup through eLitmus?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
How would you improve or revolutionize Amazon?
How can anyone save money on brand growth & offline marketing?
How can I create my first educational VR project?
How do startups like 99acres.com & housing.com deal with the local brokers?
How do I start a company in the UK?
How would you define the difference between “a community” and “a network” of people?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
Why do so many startups choose Berlin over Switzerland?
To whom do companies sell their data?
What are India's most innovative content companies?
How much should we have for a startup company?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
What can you do in order to find out if there is a demand for the products you are about to sell on your e-commerce store?
Is 'Exiament' a good name for a company?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
What are the basic problems of middle class people to be solved by start ups?
Why would you join a startup?
How do I build a successful fintech startup based on someone else's white label software?
The founders of Thankyou, Airbnb and Uber must've known that their services would be illegal in some cities, so how and why did they launch?
What are the best hiring tips used by the startup companies?
What are startups in railways?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
After you incorporate a tech startup (S corp), is any work that you and your co-founder had done up to that point the property of the company?
Should I learn German, French, Spanish, Arabic, or Chinese? I live in the Eastern European Union and want to create a startup.
Have you ever bypassed HR and onboarded someone for unofficial work at your company, or have you worked at a company yourself in such a capacity?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
Is it OK to jump into big data or machine learning with the mindset of opening my own startup in the future?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
Who started sellbuybook.com?
How do I start a non-profit science organization?
Is there any WordPress plugin for building a database website?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
How is InMobi doing now?
What companies use SharePoint?
How do you predict revenue for a startup?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
What are some examples of mergers and acquisitions?
What help can you give to startups in Africa?
What should everyone know about startups that most people don't?
What is going to become the next multibillion dollar company?
What are some examples of successful companies that took a long time to go public?
What are examples of startups innovating the EdTech scene?
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
Where do most web startups fail?
Which degree is better to do a product-based tech startup, and what is a good plan? I am 26 years old without a degree.
How does Go-Jek's marketing strategy work?
How do startups know how to run a company?
What are the best ways of marketing a startup?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
Is there a chance to take over a webservice users by having the same service for free?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
How safe is it to use a virtual assistant?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
What startups are focusing problems surrounding sleep?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
What are the things one should do after 12 to start his own business?
What is the GlobeRanger company all about?
How much in average do bootstrapped startups spend within 2 years?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
Which companies can collaborate easily with startups?
How do I make the perfect gig in Fiverr?
Will a startup help me in cracking an IIMS interview?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
Is omnism a good alternative to religion?
What are legal cost for London startups?
Do companies like McKinsey, Bain, and BCG consult startups? What are others?
How can one start the Visulance camera system?
Is there a platform/community that encourages startup collaboration and partnerships to leverage from each other?
Is it permitted for a public corporation to buy equity in a startup?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
Why do some startups pay for co-working spaces? Why don’t they just bootstrap from home?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
What suggestions will you give for a new website for improvements?
Which startups are hiring software engineers on OPT in the San Francisco Bay Area?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
Would co-working spaces be open from 6pm until 10pm? I'm building an app to connect startups with co-working spaces "after hours."
How many users does Tencent have?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
Is Bryan Manduca on Snapchat?
How do I initiate an IPO of a startup?
How will rental startups be affected by GST?
Is there a higher chance of closing a call center outsourcing deal with startup companies?
Do you have a podcast on start ups?
What are the benefits of having a CrunchBase account?
How is a startup scene in UCSD?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
What are the best projects to develop in order to develop a region (district) - to create a socio-economic benefit for it?
Are there more scandals in tech startups than other industries?
How Online Travel Agency is benefited out of Car Rental Apps?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How does e-commerce business work?
What are the main things you hire a Virtual Assistant for?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
What kinds of regulatory challenges do startups in the food and beverage industry face?
What are the Asian startups in semiconductors?
Will shutting down Bitcoin help reduce ransomware attacks?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
How can I maintain my online marketplace without charging too much commission?
What will be right choice for fresher to join a company whose stack is Java and IBM WCS or another company that use Python and Django?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
What are the options to raise funds for startups in India?
What is the lowest cost to hire a virtual assistant for startups?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
Which is the best place to open a gaming cafe in Hyderabad?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Do early stage startups really need a brand?
How many of you are interested to join a startup which help students of rural/small town background in choosing right career/college?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
What should the 'Coworking Association' do?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
Is it promising to launch a chatbot startup in the healthcare, insurance and public sectors in Austria?
What competitive advantages does Amazon Restaurants have over food delivery companies like GrubHub and UberEATS?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
Who are the leading Berlin-based marketplace startups?
How much should I ask for funding if my test prep business generated 10K, with only 5K by me writing the content alone for 5 months?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
What companies in the Bay Area provide a sign-on bonus without a contingency that you need to return it if you leave within the first 6 months?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
In an ideal scenario, what are the most compelling reasons to engage an external recruiter (not a contractor, but an agency)?
What have been the most challenging parts of launching Cafe X?
What are the benefits that an employee gets if a startup gets funded? Assuming that there is no ESOP.
What internal KPIs do designers track?
Where can we get information regarding startup companies in Hyderabad?
Is a business man good or bad, if he bribes an officer with 100USD, but later his foundation provides free education to 1000+ poor children?
What do you know about startups?
What are some latest innovative start-ups made of Wordpress?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
What are some new trends in startups?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
When do you decide to close your startup?
When is it okay to 'bang the table' and (counter) attack your negotiation opponent?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
What are the biggest ideas in fintech?
What is the best startup in construction?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
How do I hire an employee for a new retail startup company?
How many interviews are taking place in Bangalore in a day?
Do you know how much it costs to make a wheelchair for a disabled person? I need the mechanism, lift system, and wheels to participate at the startup Thessaloniki.
What's Coollang? What does Coollang do?
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
Is there any app available for the information of international startups and funding?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What are the most effective channels to hire quality interns for a startup in Singapore?
How is the startup culture in the UAE?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
Do I save tax if I buy startup stock options (private) and hold it for one year? The startup is located in California, US but I work at the India branch.
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
Can you create a company in Europe when you have a 3rd world country's nationality?
How can I automate double-opt in introductions?
Why Instaplus.io was shutted down by Instagram?
How does a beginner make a startup?
What is the best PR/marketing agency for startups in US?
Virtual Assistants (people): What do VAs cost?
What are the promising startup options in biomedicine and healthcare where deep learning can have a huge impact?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
What are the disadvantages of using equity crowdfunding to fund a startup?
Has ExtraTorrent permanently shut down?
Do you have any problem which you want to be solved by internet/computers?
Where can I find great writers to contribute in my online magazine ?
What does a successful startup mean in India?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
How do you determine stock valuation with a high tech start up?
Is it easy to get insurance bond for a startup project?
What happened to supplified.com?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
Who would be your first hire for your e-commerce start-up?
What are the highest growing startups?
How does a hiring plan increase my startup valuation? Does that mean I need to minimize my headcount?
Why is healthcare IT/tech companies so far behind compared to everyone else?
Which companies compete with Suedzucker AG?
What is a great company?
Which startups in AI/ML domain are looking for interns in Pune?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
What are the best startup companies to work for in India?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
What are your thoughts about this brand on a first look?
Which are the fastest-growing startup hubs in the world?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
What are some of your best quotes in YourQuote?
Who are the top influencers for startups?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
Is it a good tactic in e-commerce to source products from your competitors and re-sell them in order to see which products move?
What are the successful startups in India?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
How can I get started with GHCJS?
What are the tips for leasing an office for a startup?
What are currently some of the most innovative media startups?
How can a company's product be it's own stock value?
In 2017, which is the best wireframe/mockup/prototyping tool for creating mobile apps for a newbie?
Could the use of gender diversity quotas in startups with quotas like Pinterest be undermining meritocracy? How does this translate to performance?
How much equity is appropriate for co-founders?
How do I properly monetize my viral website?
Why did Zomato acquire a POS startup, Maplegraph, and not an established player like LimeTray?
What do the growth rates of high-growth fintech companies look like in the early years?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
Is it possible to make business alone in robotics, more precisely flying drones?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Are there any US based startups that offers a normal 8 hour work shift for a software person?
How can a PCM student learn about entrepreneurship online?
What are the low-investment businesses that a student can start on a part-time basis which can later be expanded if needed?
How is your startup going?
Can anybody help me fund my healthcare startup?
Is it normal to be issued a common stock based on the converted cap price instead of the 409A valuation?
What is the optimal equity structure when bringing on a co-founder at the pre-seed stage?  
Why does Gordon Miller think that raising money for a startup is a waste of time?
Where can I find someone who is interested in starting up a design firm?
How can I acquire a company on the pink sheets?
Are there business analysts writing about the start-up scene in NYC prior to the first dot-com crash (UrbanFetch, Kozmo.com, Webvan etc.)? Good ideas launched too soon.
My startup just got some major press coverage. How do I create a snowball effect to get even broader media coverage?
In what form should a professor who wants to use his advisee's thesis work in developing a product for his startup give him/her credit?
What is the role of technical lead in a start up of less than 20 developers?
What is the current state of Marc Bodnick's startup?
What are the best ways to reach out to Dallas/Texas Digital startups?
Can business owners list all their failed business attempts that lead to that one success that they can be proud of today?
What's the best way for a startup to enter a large, established industry?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
Can I make a messenger app that allows users to import their contact lists from other messaging apps?
Where can I get actual statistics on how many startups failed in 2016?
Is GoDaddy best for startups?
How can PR Newswire help in startups?
Why did collegeokplease.com shut down?
What should the agenda be for a startup with $900K annual revenue, 50 customers, and 60% renewal?
Why would young entrepreneurs consider borrowing funds from a private lending company?
How do E-commerce companies like Flipkart, Jabong, and Amazon make money?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
What is the general startup pre-series A spending distribution should be?
What would you consider to be some advantages of starting a tech firm in the Los Angeles area rather than in Silicon Valley?
What are some of the start up business ideas for a 25 year old married women?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
What platforms facilitate a customer to customer phone call for a startup?
I have an idea of a platform that helps you sell products using a ticketing system. And a draw for one winner of the tickets’ buyers. Is this lottery?
What startups need to grow?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the dementia space?
If you could have one of the behemoth tech companies help you with one thing for your AI/ML startup, what would it be?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
How can I still accomplish with the same software idea (data visualization) and startup I had before?
Can you recommend a model that will let me estimate how many users / engaged users I need for a review-based app that is useful for its users?
Vendors are refusing to extend credit to my startup, what should I do?
How do I open a petrol pump in Karnataka?
What are the best startup businesses for a beginner?
Where can I get a list of new start-ups in China and America?
What is the reason that startups fail?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
When a company is acquired, why won't the new owners rename it?
How should I incorporate my start-up company in London, if I was building the next Facebook app?
I'm a student creating a startup. What do I do now?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the IOT space?
How has the VC firm Social+Capital fared since its inception?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
Would organizing video pitches be a good way to stimulate corporate startup collaboration?
What are the growth hacking techniques that every startups needs?
What do owners of successful small businesses want from their bank?
Why is أراجيك - AraGeek not writing about my startup application?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
Why do startups fail? Literature celebrates success cases, and talks little about failures. What is your story?
If an 'investor' gives a zero interest loan for a small amount with a first refusal option for later investment, is there a catch?
Which is the best lead generation companies?
How does a startup create an Option Pool prior an Angel investment?
Is there any economic advantage for a business to employee a bathroom attendant?
What's the best way to identify great early-stage startups in Victoria (Australia) for an accelerator?
Can I manage my startup with YIF?
Do startups require skills or good CGPAs when hiring a fresher?
What are good tech talk aggregators?
Which startups are making a profit in India?
What are the advantages of a CRM start-up?
What is your review of Nebengers?
Should you start a company based on your passion?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
How do I choose the right startup to work at?
Do most U.S. businesses support Obamacare?
As entrepreneurs, where shouldn’t we ship to (e.g., knockoffs = Hong Kong)?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
How do I respond to an email from a VC who's interested in my startup and tell them I am busy now?
Would video pitch competitions help in bringing start ups closer to big corporates?
What is your story as a teen entrepreneur, and which company did you found?
What are some good responding startup incubators in Hyderabad?
How much equity do you give a co-founder at different stages of a startup?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
What's the best article you've read pertaining to your job in the past month?
What start-up networking events are happening in Bangalore, for free?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
How can we raise funds for the construction of a primary school in a village in India through social networking sites?
What are some amazing facts about Y Combinator?
Which POS is better, Zomato Base or LimeTray? Why?
Are there books/communities/thought leaders for startups focusing on process innovation?
What do you think of a startup enabling cultural exchange through cups of tea from all around the world?
How can I forecast the revenue of a mobile gaming app from in-app advertising, considering it will have 40,000 monthly active users from India?
What are the best companies to sponsor startups?
What is the process for startup and standup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
What happened to specout.com?
What factors are taken into consideration before a company makes an ICO?
You have 2 lakh rupees with which to live your life. How will you live?
How can anyone think of startups?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
How can I purchase a broad inventory of products in small quantities at wholesale prices?
Should European Internet startups selling worldwide incorporate Ireland?
What is your review of Skiplagged.com?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
How does 500 startups pick companies for its seed program?
What companies have failed in the last 2 years?
How do the liquidation preferences of SAFEs vs Notes operate in practice?
Is Istanbul friendly for tech startups?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What do you think of website development done in an Uber way?
What are the top food tech startups?
In 2017, which is the best skill to learn for creating a billion dollar startup with venture capitalist funding, iOS app development or web development?
Where do you recommend to obtain data about the start-up ecosystem in UK?
Should we launch our mass market service first, or second?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
Where can I find pitch decks pitching Startup incubators?
Should I use Kickstarter for a product with a low startup cost?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
Is $2 million too much to ask for a startup?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
Can you help name our Cloud ERP for a small business startup?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
What's the purpose of a AAA loan?
Where does a startup’s board of directors typically meet?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
In Capital Cities’ Safe and Sound, was the building shut down for good?
How did Israel become the country of start-ups?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
Why do startups based around bringing like-minded people together fail?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
How do I bring my startup to limelight with less investment?
What are the minimum and maximum requirements for a founding team to apply for the 500 Startups seed program and the Series A program?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
Is it better to have a partner when you are starting a startup?
What are the pros and cons of inviting a marketing mentor to a startup?
What is the good alternative to ArtofLiving Silence Course?
What are the different ways to structure co-founder terms when one founder is providing the initial seed investment?
What are the best startups in travelling sector?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
How can I convince an experienced professional to work with me on a startup?
Which Indian startup do you admire the most ?
What does the typical day look like for an account executive ("salesperson") at an SaaS startup with under $1m ARR?
How can I find sales & marketing startup companies?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What are the fastest growing startups in Cambridge UK?
Are any startups hiring deep learning/machine learning candidates who don’t have experience in these fields but want to learn?
Why wasn't Breitbart shut down?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
How do I prepare a presentation for an advertising startup?
What are good startup companies in NYC or San Francisco for an internship?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
Are parking marketplaces viable startup companies to start?
What Silicon Valley startup that is building consumer Internet products do you see could be the next big thing?
How do you evaluate a start up for full time employment nowadays, after many start ups have gone dry of cash?
Who are the best people to speak to regarding diversity in Berlin for startups?
What are some hot startups that failed in India?
What is the lowest equity you have seen for a co-founder at a seed stage?
As a just started engineering business, what is partnership and when do I need partnership?
Should I learn Android development or hire an intern as I want to develop an Android app for my startup?
Where does FreshMenu source its dishes from?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
Should I be worried about the "unlimited holiday" policy at my new job?
How did they create Flipkart and Ola while there was Amazon and Uber? How did they copy yet succeed?
Can anyone refer a "lead generation" company that will target newly formed business and anyone who may need a business plan or video designed?
Why are the Pakistan-Taliban, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Al-Qaeda, etc. considered successful startups in Pakistan?
How do I contact investors via their email, and how do I make a pitch by email?
Would CEO's of every startup firm like to fire employees just before their vesting period?
How much time does a startup take to completely grow?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
How do startups like Spinnin' Records and Trap Nation grow?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
Is there any chance that Upwork may shut down?
How did Citysocializer get their early users?
Should I trust a top patent firm to work with even if they also work with my competitor in the medical device industry?
What are my odds of raising $5mm capital for a FinTech start-up in the US market?
Where can I find a mobile startup advisor with a good network in the Bay Area?
If you had a magic wand, what's the one thing you would change about your company?
Which startups had success launching internationally?
What are some examples where innovators left to do a start up only in order to be acquired by the old company?
What would be an innovation in a food startup?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
Where can I get advice on a start-up? I can’t type something long here.
How can I start a cyber security startup in India?
What are the top startups that shut down in 2017?
What is the best way to recruit great sales people for a startup when your resources are limited?
Where can one get the data of startups/any organization?
How can I grow my business of incense sticks?
Is getting a Bevi machine worth it for a (small) startup?
How would you estimate the total addressable market size for JavaScript developer tools?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
How do I find the first customer for a team of engineers?
Would you rather be indispensable or dispensable to an organization?
What advice would you give to a young entrepreneur who’s starting an internet-based company?
What brands or services did you use to furnish your office?
Can I sue Uber in India for not having a customer care helpline or support email address?
What precautions should be taken to establish e-commerce startup?
At what point should a startup invest in their brand, before their proof of concept or after they have a working model and are looking for customers?
I am a small content marketing agency in CT. What are the laws/guidelines/processes for hiring interns?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
How do startups raise a lot of funding?
Out of 1,000 San Francisco startups, how many of them reach 100 M valuation? What's the overall distribution?
What is the most user-friendly crowfunding platform for a medical device/test? One that takes the least amount of time possible to raise funds.
What are the best websites to keep track of all the new medical startups?
What are the best tools and services for generating high-quality B2B sales leads?
Where do startup websites get their graphics?
What are some strategies one can implement to a business that relies heavily on importing consumer goods? Manufacturing products ourselves is a no-go!
How much should I sell holidays.ai for?
How did the rise of startups and the consumer internet change Palo Alto?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
How do I sell accommodation.ai?
What profiles can a non-coder choose in an IT company if he has immense knowledge about any technology and was running a startup which failed?
What is a start-up that I can do that will be successful (100k+/year)?
What's the process for closing a 2-year-old startup company in Bangalore?
What successful startups initially outsourced development of their product?
What are some solid tips for building a winning pitch for a client?
Why are there so many successful multi-billion dollar tech startups?
Do you need to be funded to get decent traction as a crowd sourced app whose revenue streams (egg) won't work until there is a large user base (chicken)?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
What is the best CRM software for small startups at a reasonable price?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
Why doesn't Luxembourg have a tax incentive scheme for seed investments in startups, such as EIS and SEIS in the UK?
What is the best way to pitch to Canadian Accelerators accepting startups through the Start-up Visa Program?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
How do big companies acquire small companies? What is the method of payment and how is the transfer of ownership done?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Which industry is more lucrative for startups: software or internet technologies?
How do you think a company like PostJoint built their user base quickly?
Are there meaty roles in tech / health startups for business development, and what could be a good way to get into it?
How does aforeseeablefuture.com work?
When will computers become so fast that a Java server will start up within a second?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
Are there startup learning tools?
Should I use the word ‘the’ in a domain name? For example, if I want to register a domain name like dragonsky.com, is it acceptable? Then how about http://thedragonsky.com? Which is better?
What is the best startup business for out of pocket money for the handicapped?
How can I prepare my future customers?
Would it have made a difference, in terms of success, if yelp.com had been reviews.com?
Which PV manufacturers and start ups in Europe and worldwide are now hiring R&D engineers?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
What costs are associated with expanding to a new country?
Which companies are the top ten insurtech startups?
With the proliferation of FinTechs, how will the investment banking landscape change?
What are the pros and cons of working in corporate spin-off startup versus traditional startup?
Has any startup been successful in a rural area?
What is the significance of the tech world picking up meditation as a self improvement and social proof technique?
What is the best type of restaurant to start with?
What is a hot topic nowadays in digital marketing? What do you think about growth hacking?
Is there any incubators in Toronto, that is similar to Y combinator, where you meet people like Paul Graham, who really helped Airbnb to grow?
What are the products and services which are good for doing a startup or a business in the agriculture area?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
How can my startup survive in this era, where a new startup is created every day?
How can I build a stirling engine?
Where can I find a list of funded startups in Bangalore?
Is it allowed to have a shared Qurbani on Bakra Eid?
If you are going to initiate a hacker academy, what will be the curriculum and hands on exercises?
What are successful educational startups in your country?
How do I choose between something I’m great at and something I’m passionate about: follow Cal Newport or Ken Robinson?
Which are some of the most interesting fintech startups in Asia in 2017?
Which steps lead to a successful startup-PR?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
What are some challenges cross-border tech startups face?
What is the best way to market services to restaurant owners or PG owners?
How do VCs monetize investments that neither fail nor sell/IPO?
Who built the Taj Mahal?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Why do so many Google employees quit to build their own startup?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
It is better to work at a service company or a startup company?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
Should more startups plan on being international from the beginning?
How can I earn extra money while building a startup?
What are the best places for startups in Asia?
What are some of the start-ups focusing on NLP that take undergrad summer interns?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
How would you describe the impact UI/UX designers can have on the world?
If you were to start up/invest now, what idea would you work upon and how?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
Are there any tech startups or companies that allow product managers to work remotely?
Is there a company registration service for tech start-ups (like Clerky.com), for Europe and France in particular?
How do I write a proposal for an MVP after my client approved my presentation?
Should I accept a great startup offer and give up on the chance to work at Google?
What is the recommended AWS Architecture for a mobile and SaaS web application startup that’s growing to thousands of users?
Has there been a declining interest in joining tech startups in New York, as of 2017?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
How are valuations slashed and who has the right to do so?
Should cancellations be effective immediately for a SaaS company? Why?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
How can I find startups looking for funding in India, the Middle East and Africa? I’m starting my own business since I have investor contacts.
Can Industrial and Production Engineering help if in the future I decide to start my own manufacturing business?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What are the main things required to start a mobile phone company?
What is the difference between interns and ambassadors?
Is OnePlus a successful company?
What are the lucrative industries for startups?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Is there any innovation in food start-ups?
Were there any true startups before the advent of the internet?
How do I join a startup in Delhi?
How did PostJoint build their user base?
What according to you is the most innovative startup?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
Which are the startups I can work with for free on the weekends?
Why do terrible companies raise so much money?
How much is normal spending ratio on computing and database resource for an web app?
What are some benefits of tech startups going international quickly?
How do you define the basics, foundations, fundamentals, and elements of business?
Can a startup launch its product (first release) outside of its country?
To what extent are the incidents and problems portrayed in the series Silicon Valley, accurate or possible in real-world Silicon Valley startups?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
How do I determine your KPIs?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
Where is the best place to register a tech startup for crowdfunding?
Is one million USD enough to start an animation company from scratch?
Is there any innovation in food startups?
Which Mumbai startups have failed?
In which ways can startups work to have a positive social impact?
What about the company Daikin?
Is there a forum for Instacart drivers?
What should I do to keep my website running with low cost? I am running out of budget.
Should I attempt to launch my startup concept this summer or scramble to find a last minute internship?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
What do I need to know to start an app that allows users to make/spend money?
What is the first major industry which digital disruption will change radically?
What are some cheaper alternatives to UserTesting.com?
Why would you still start a startup that has many competitors but only one or two are heavily-funded?
Should I open a startup in Goa? Is Goa the best place for startups or not?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
On a scale of 1-10, how difficult are startups? Does it have anything to do with luck?
Is anyone interested in joining a startup technical blog?
What are some growth hacks for startups other than SEO?
How much does eShares cost to use?
Which are the blogs featuring startup stories in the USA?
How do I open a company?
What is your favorite startup in India and why?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
How are traditional associations evolving or getting disrupted?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
How do I obtain a DIN number? What documents are required?
How do I raise capital for a one megawatt power generator that is greener, lighter, more portable and uses up to 30% less fuel input?
How do companies comply with regulatory policies when acquiring another company?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
What should I do after having an idea for a business?
What is the best way to market a geolocation crowdsourced based app?
How do venture capitalists generate themes and ideas for things to invest in?
How does AND CO compare with the Wave Accounting apps?
How do I apply for startups in NCR?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What are the requirements / permissions / etc to start upda food truck bussiness in UAE?
Have there been any successful startups in the field of chemical engineering?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
Can I have a successful startup if I'm introvert and I don't have any friends?
Which online tool/service would get me 100+ new subscribers each month?
Which startups are hiring Drupal developers in the Mumbai area?
Can anyone foresee a startup that disrupts Amazon’s business model?
Could startups be the one to kill the youngsters by eliminating careful thought but encouraging them to engage nevertheless?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Are there meaty, managerial-level roles in tech/health startups for business development?
Who are the best fintech marketers?
What are the opportunities for health care startups in Canada?
What are possible names for a startup that creates creative, alternative learning spaces for children and adults?
Is the tech startup community good in Alberta?
What are some easy ways to increase sales?
Which were the first few technical people to hire people in a startup?
What role should governments play in investing in startups?
What is it like to work in Apolitical, the startup?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What are some of the ways your startup accelerator is better than the leading one (currently Y Combinator, in the spring of 2017)?
How many employees does Causecode have? And what is the average pay for a developer?
Which is the best place to intern in Chennai for programming?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
Which part do I start first, for a startup business?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
What is stripe valuation?
How do I make a startup product that actually makes a business with 5 lakhs?
Do you need to be funded to build decent startup traction?
Who does business valuations and what are the basis for such valuations?
What was a rapid startup?
Have you heard about www.classybazar.in? This is one smart startup.
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
When choosing an accountancy firm for a startup, does it matter if it is not in the top 100, especially regarding business advice?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What are KRA's of a valuation engineer?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
What went wrong with Shotpitch, founded by Prashanth?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
Will AI become the future of fintech?
What do you need to see in a startup that has just gone through an incubator program?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
What is it like working at NRI FinTech?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
How do I learn movie direction in India? What are the options and ways to learn it?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
What happens when a product is abandoned after a successful crowdfunding campaign?
Which startups in Delhi NCR use PHP?
Is internship at BARC important or an internship at a startup?
Is there a word for the “up” in “shut up” and “clean up” or the “down” in “shut down”?
Are there meaty roles in tech / health startups for business development?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
How can non-compliance impact startups?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
How do I prepare for a startup in 6 months?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
What type of company is Airbnb?
What are the benefits of using cap table management software?
How do I find the proper adviser for a tech startup in Canada? Are there any recommendations?
How can I prove my credentials to an investor, if I am self-taught and don't have a college degree?
How did PostJoint get their users?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
How can an IT startup acquire customers?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
In a startup, is it better to assign supervision roles from the start or to promote emerging leaders as you go, when it comes to the sales team?
Which is better to work for, UrbanClap or Zomato?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
Why is it hard for African entrepreneurs to get funding for their startups?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
What are some interesting startups in the world?
What are your top problems/requirements when it comes to deciding on software house to build a software for your company?
Considering Donald Trump's decision to lower corporate tax from 35% to mere 15%, how should India react in order to stay in the race for Start-up India?
What documents do I need to register my small graphics design firm?
Are there any websites or organizations dedicated to collaborative working, learning, and problem solving through large-scale projects?
Would a question to critique my site be considered as spam?
What are some manufactures or distributers I could use for an urban general store start-up?
Is it true that a salesperson makes the worst CEO?
Who are Axon's competitors?
Which promising disruptive products or startups have been killed by the incumbents in the telecommunications and satellite industries?
How does someone get 2k-5k for a startup?
How much does it cost to insure my startup?
Why does Y Combinator accept big startups?
How are the members of the SSB board appointed?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Which school offers better entrepreneurship resources, Harvard or MIT?
How do I defer compensation for myself as an employee in my own company pre-revenue?
Which company should I join: product-based or a startup?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
Would you set up your tech startup in the UK or France ?
How do I find the right "partner" to help me develop a concept I've come up with? I’m searching for someone with coding/development experience.
Should I work for shares (no salary) in my friends startup if I believe in the project? What are the pros and cons?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Pune?
Is there an academic journal about startups?
How do I calculate the perfect valuation for a startup company? What are the factors which should be considered while calculating the same?
Does Vancouver have a tech startup scene?
How are startups in India doing sales?
Which start ups in India are currently hiring (April 2017) software developers with one year of experience?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What is the TAM for JavaScript framework?
Where can I find lists of startups rejected by incubators?
Are distributors obliged to distribute a product at a price set by the manufacturer?
When are the post-April 2017 deadlines for the top startup incubators - Y Combinator, 500 Startups, and Techstars?
What went wrong with Rocket Internet?
Which is the best way to run a startup makerspace, as a non-profit or for-profit?
How do I get funding to set up my office in Ranchi, Jharkhand - through government initiatives or banks?
What are some of the new innovative startups in Odisha?
Can I see what a privately held company was sold for?
How is India positioning itself in the world’s startup ecosystem?
How do I start a crowdfund property investment company in the UK?
Why do most startups of India fail? How can the success rate be improved?
How is venture debt in a capital structure perceived by VCs?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
What is the best way to move Outbound Leads to Inbound?
How does Wanderu make money?
How do I calculate perfect Valuation for a Startup company? What are the factors which should be considered while calculating same?
What do you do when you are ordered to sit down and shut up by the son of a friend?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
Should cancellations be effective immediately for a SaaS company? Why?
What does it mean to live life like a startup in India?
Besides Chris Sacca, have any top VCs closed their firms at the peak of their success?
What career can I pursue after doing a BTech if I have knowledge of startup finance?
What are the products and services which are good for doing startup or business in fisheries area?
How can I grow my startup which allows people to share their unique recipes & sell them?
How good is Nicaragua for a startup?
Can occasional free bagels/donuts & coffee buy employee loyalty?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
What are the duties of a company secretary?
What does Axon do?
I did a patentability search and nothing came up. Whats next?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
What customer problems do online custom tailoring startups solve?
Do startups need to re-think their employee engagement?
Why are Russian/ex-USSR photo-processing apps so good?
I would like create an startup-friendly ecosystem in my town-region. What are your best tips to achieve that?
How can an MBA student be successful in his business startup?
How do emerging social media platforms build a user base/grow their user base?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
Does a catchy story determine the success of a product?
Which is the best franchise to start with?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
How do I get an internship at an European fintech, being Brazilian? How can I prepare to be a good candidate? Do you suggest any companies?
Which are the good new startups plans in Indian agriculture?
OK, So I've got 31 days to make 1M USD, 2 people willing to work round the clock and 50k of capital to invest. What would be the best way to do this?
How do startups manage their accounting, especially transactions, for surveys and mapmaking services?
What is a a good compensation package for a salesman in a startup?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Hyderabad?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
How do I get users for my new social network, https://lykup.com?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
What do people think of Jason Calacanis' podcast This Week in Startups?
What will be the impact of Brexit on the tech and startups scene in the UK?
Did billionaire Bill Ackman make $15 million off the sale of Sprout?
What should a beta startup expect from the Collision Conference?
Which thing should we keep in mind for a new startup?
When is the best time to sell a startup app?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
Can Canadians invest in US early start ups as non-accredited investors?
What is the best strategy to create a powerful legal start-up?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
Regarding Silicon Valley Season 4, Episode 1, how did Russ Hanneman know Richard wasn't passionate about the video chat startup? Can investors really sense this?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
What are some of the startups that have failed despite having a good product?
When is the deadline for the next 500 startups batch?
Why are most Indian startups rip-offs of foreign startups? India has a different set of problems. Shouldn't they work on solving them?
How can I advertise for a lucrative job for a web developer for a startup in India with a minimal salary but a possible increase in the future?
Is a start up still a starup if the idea has been used before but still not common yet?
Are there any startups selling spare seats on flights at the last second?
What are the reasons for the downfall of any startup?
What is the comprehensive list of start-ups in the field of Neuromorphic Engineering?
What are the companies or startups which provides internship in image processing?
What is the year-to-year trend of venture capital investment per capita in the U.S. for the past 50 years?
Where can I find startup blog sites?
What are Y Combinator's weaknesses?
Is Quora a platform for appeasement rather than cut throat truth?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
How do I manage a startup from abroad?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are the biggest challenges faced by the Finance Function in the Digital age?
What are the most underrated tech buzzwords?
Can I call a big company, therefore not a startup, a "concept"?
How do I should develop a startup in Tourism for China?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
How do I start a company like Foodpanda and MakeMyTrip?
What Chinese city has the highest number of tech startup?
What is the best way to shut down a histrionic personality? I don't need him for anything.
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
As a 19 year old student, should I start a start-up software company rather working as an employee?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
What is the required paperwork to open a start-up in the education field? What are the different types of companies that can be opened?
Why do early startup employees accept less than market salaries?
Which startups are thriving at working remotely?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Chennai?
At 19 years old, if funding wasn't a problem, what million dollar business ventures should I seek or start?
Why hasn't Uber created advertising partnerships with drivers?
What do you think of my wine bar startup idea?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
How would you describe working at a startup from day one?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
How many startups are accepted to AWS Activate’s highest tier ($100k) every year?
How do I start up a moving and hauling company in the Atlanta area?
What is InCloudCounsel? How do attorneys make money on it?
Which one of the big 4 companies (PwC, KPMG, Deloitte, EY) has the best support for startup companies in Germany?
When should one really kickstart a startup in order to watch it really grow?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Coimbatore?
How do I know, when hiring software engineers for a startup, which one is good or bad?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
How do you get two people to meet who both see the value in differing parts of a deal but not the whole deal?
Are there equity crowdfunding platforms that focus on early stage startups (idea, pre-product, pre-market stages, etc.)?
Would you call your startup the name that it already is called in Denmark (Holding SA)? It was created in 1988 and now is earning $88 million in revenue.
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
How do SaaS start ups create customer segments?
What are some of the best hacks to make recruiting easier?
Should I help my parents or focus on myself first?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Which type of startup could I launch in my village without any investment?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
What do people think of investing in India?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
What are some ways to advertise a startup offering lessons in software especially to people interested in the tech industry?
Are pay reductions a common practice in struggling start-ups?
What do you think could be the next billion-dollar startup?
What should be my startup plan?
Do you miss your office colleagues once they leave the job?
What are “iB Hubs”?
What are the most interesting new Internet companies?
Would it be a good idea to transport goods in tubes?
Why isn’t successful Indian startups like Flipkart, Ola etc expanding to international market outside India?
How can I prove my credentials to an investor, if I am self-taught and don't have a college degree?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Do startup incubators help in product development?
Are there any aerospace startups in Pakistan?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
How much equity do Israeli startups typically give their early employees compared to American startups?
How long does it take on average for a startup to progress to a well-established company?
What potential complications are there with a Hong Kong corporation giving material equity to a US Citizen?
What are some startups in Chennai offering summer internship in 2017?
What are the best cryptocurrency newsletters?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Are Flipkart, Snapdeal, and Paytm ruining the Indian economy?
Are there any websites or organizations dedicated to collaborative working, learning, and problem solving through large-scale projects?
What are charges for attending a startup events in Gurgaon?
How diverse is the typical Israeli startup team?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What are some similar companies like mywbut?
What are the best startup incubators and accelerators of 2017 in the world?
Which school offers better entrepreneurship resources, Harvard or MIT?
Why do working class people vote Republican against their own best interest?
How can I start a business related to carbon nanotubes?
Has AngelPad accepted any startups without a recommendation?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
What is a VO company?
Is there still anything obsolete left in the market which can be improved by an app?
How do I find the right "partner" to help me develop a concept I've come up with? I’m searching for someone with coding/development experience.
Do you have a WhatsApp group for a start-up business in Delhi?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
How can I open a startup company?
I have been approached by a much larger competitor who would like to buy our company. Should we accept the offer?
What are the challenges of scaling up an online grocery start-up in Indonesia like Happy Fresh?
After I have registered my startup company, what is the next step?
Why nowadays are most startups into app-based businesses, rather than being product-oriented?
As a final year postgrad: if you could choose between working for your dream company or founding your own (with VC) what would you choose? Why?
Our profit-earning startup is not growing in spite of planning differently. How can we grow it?
What is the best way to find help building a startup by offering equity?
How do I start writing documentation for our SaaS?
Which lawyer should I hire to help with my startup's securities offering?
What are some good add-ons a lunch bar could add to increase revenue?
How did Quora manage to spend $80 million in just three years?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
How do I decide on a name for my first cafe?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
What would you fear if you received an application from a sales guy to a marketing position?
Which startups have protest perks?
What do you think about the online employment "fit" assessments?
How could I create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology like infinite goblet and other impossible scifi futuristic inventions?
What are some best startups in Delhi NCR for a business developer?
What are the responsibilities of the head SCM in a startup?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
What companies in Pune offer high incentives for sales? How high are the incentives?
Can I see what a privately held company was sold for?
Did UberPOOL actually pair you with another rider during the initial beta?
Which startup business is best in Bangladesh?
What are some of the best negotiation tactics only a few know about?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
What are some notable manufacturing startups in India?
What is the process for closing a 4-month-old startup in Hyderabad?
Do you think the Israeli ecosystem is better suited for building B2B startups vs B2C, and why?
Should a business fit your personality?
What are the responsibilities of the Center Head of a startup for a cloud-based service provider company?
Is a 2-year vesting cliff common for start-up employee stock options?
How can a US Startup (C corp/LLC) manage salary and stock options for Foreign Independent contractors?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
How good is Nicaragua for a startup?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
What customer problems do online custom tailoring startups solve?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
What are ways angel investors can make a return on their investment if a company doesn't sell or go public?
How can I get funding for your project?
How can I start up a travel company?
What is the best way to make a web application/website with your unique idea if you don’t know any programming?
Who are the best merger and acquisition consultants for startups in India?
Is there any value in building a new Trello competitor startup?
Won't self driving cars ruin Uber's network effect?
Is the Uber CEO basically a scumbag in regard to the privacy of his users?
Can anyone throw light on the fintech startup SafeTrade?
Is it a bad idea to quit my job and attend a coding bootcamp?
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
What sort of stories are told to pass along knowledge within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Which startup has weathered plenty of storms and is now living up to its hype?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
What does a startup do to have successful communication?
What types of skills and expertise is the Israeli startup ecosystem most adept at fostering?
OK, So I've got 31 days to make 1M USD, 2 people willing to work round the clock and 50k of capital to invest. What would be the best way to do this?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How do you dispute attorney fees at a large law firm, if they're ignoring you and sent you to collections?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
What are the most promising Israeli startups in 2017?
What are the perks of a result driven startup?
What is the best startup Gordon Miller has invested in?
How do I get users for my new social network, https://lykup.com?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Would you recommend getting an MBA?
What do people think of Jason Calacanis' podcast This Week in Startups?
How do you excel in a result driven startup?
How many new beauty startups are there per year in the US?
If a product is illegal in your home state, can you still sell it online if you only offer it in states where it is legal?
What's the difference between Bleeding Edge and Holo Edge when talking about emergent tech?
Are there any startups based in Allahabad?
How does Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates can succeed in their startup considering they never have any work experience in office?
Besides Couchsurfing, what other startups make revenue out of paid profile verification for users?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
How do I approach startups for advertising in Kolkata?
What do I need to know to create a fintech company?
What is the use of project report for startup?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
Regarding Silicon Valley Season 4, Episode 1, how did Russ Hanneman know Richard wasn't passionate about the video chat startup? Can investors really sense this?
What are the reasons some startups fail? How do you prevent them?
My startup is about to raise $5,000 each from private parties. What options are available?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
How do I decide on compensation for myself in my own startup?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
How do I figure out the financial needs for my startup?
Where can I find startup company sales support?
Is there a practical guide for what one should look for when signing someone else's Material Transfer Agreement?
What is the best platform for flexible, inexpensive explainer videos?
How do I increase the user base for a product?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
What are the fintech/payments startups to watch out for in Israel?
How does valuation work in series A funding?
How do you choose a name for an online learning business?
What factors determine the execution quality of a startup?
What dramatic pivots have Israeli startups gone through on their way to success?
Can I start a company in my 2nd year of engineering? Is it risky?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What do investors look for in a new startup tech business?
How did Instagram manage to shut down Instagress?
What is interesting work being done in fintech?
I’m opening up a petite boutique. Where should I buy my wholesale clothing from?
What is the role of incubators in startups?
Who should I send my unsolicited application to?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
You now have a course on negotiation. Have your employees used the tricks on you? How would you react?
I have a pvt ltd company registered in Australia with only two employees who are working in India. How do I calculate taxes on their salaries?
I hate my growing startup. What can I do to get back on track?
Why do early startup employees accept less than market salaries?
Why should Quora be valued at $1.8 billion?
What types of startups is the Israeli startup ecosystem particularly adept at nurturing?
How did the Taboola and Outbrain type of companies solve the ‘chicken and egg’ problem of publishers first vs advertisers first dilemma?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
Should I use a crowdfunding agency?
What is the advantage of opening a start up?
What is the minimum amount of retail stores I could have in the United States that would be within a 30 minute drive of 50% of the population?
What are some opinions about video walkthroughs and normal videos as a way to promote expensive real estate above $1 million?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
What is a movie you like that most other people don't seem to like?
Are there startups trying to space mine the super-diamond Earth 55 Cancri?
Is brand value anyhow related to the IP of a company?
What is InCloudCounsel? How do attorneys make money on it?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
What were the most important things on which you spent your startup capital?
Why isn't there an app to map org charts based on Linked In data?
Who are the investors in Juicero? Are they experienced investors in the Nutrition Startup arena?
How did blinkist employees get the most benefit from all the knowledge/hacks they know from the company?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
Do investors frown upon perpetual special favors to a strategic partner?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
How important is it for early stage startups to have “smart money” on the cap table?
Who is building the GSTN?
Will an online bespoke tailor work best in the Indian market today? If not, what could be the disadvantages?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Do investors frown upon pre-MVP / post Series A startups outsourcong some of their tech development?
What are the most creative ways to use import.io for startup growth?
Is it foolish to quit a $150K job for a $100K job at a startup?
Why have most of the on-demand moving and furniture delivery startups disappointed their investors to date?
How do I write a business model?
A VC recently shared that VP of sales is one of the most critical hires in a startup. How many different VP of sales should be interviewed?
What should be my startup plan?
How do I start an electronics startup company?
What epiphany could you monetize on?
How do I enlist my startup into the vendor panels of big enterprises?
What are the benefits of using tailoring software for your tailoring business?
Is there a government entity offering free legal advice to small businesses/startups in UK/London Area?
How do I select product designs for a fashion apparel store?
Is there a "gold standard" VC law firm for establishing a new fund in SEA? Looking for a Cooley equivalent in Singapore/Indonesia/Malaysia.
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What are the licences required to buy/sell electronics/computer peripherals between two states in India?
How does a startup handle liquidity crisis?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
How will Alibaba Help Local startups in Pakistan?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How do I prompt someone in a business email?
As of 2017-2018, how is the tech startup scene in Indonesia?
How do I do a news startup in India?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
Is tellyouridea.com a scam?
First-Time Startup Founder: What is the best advice for raising funding?
Have the costs of startups decreased?
Most successful Israeli tech startups are acquired. Do you think an Israeli startup will ever become a market-dominating global brand?
How should a startup compensate an advisor that helps raising money?
How can Android apps bring startups into the limelight?
What should be my reward if I bring (early) investments to a start-up?
How should I start a business, if I have 0 money?
Theoretically, I have $100. Would it be better to use that money to try to build an online business or invest in the stock market?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How is the Inlumen company?
How can consumers shut down big banks so they no longer have to pay for the mistakes of the rich?
Why did Andreessen Horowitz invest in blockchain startups like OpenBazaar?
What is an IoT startup?
Should a Mexican startup need to be set up in the US to get US investors?
Why did Quincy Larson not join Y-Combinator (non-profit) for scaling Free Code Camp?
What is your software startup inspiration story?
You're a startup pitching in a competition. Would it be okay to use a judge’s company as a client example or a target market example?
What position(s) could someone interested/experienced in the humanities fill at a company such as Facebook or Google?
How many employees should an application or website-based startup have in approximately the first 6 months?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
What are the pain points of the startup accelerators?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
Why do some companies use "well, we're a startup" when asked about certain completely ridiculous things they do?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
What is good advice on selling a subscription service to universities in the US?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
Are there any startups looking for Summer software interns in the DFW or Austin area?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What are the types of programs I should run at a startup?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
What challenges have startup product managers found when moving to a PM role at a large company?
Performance reviews/raises in well funded startups - how does it work?
How does Silicon Valley feel about Facebook's lack of creativity as it constantly steals ideas from startups?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
How can I build this business relationship with a major business?
Who are the best producers of startup explainer videos for difficult concepts?
Where can I find communities/forums of startups in the Philippines?
How long does it usually take for a startup to develop a product with some initial paying customers?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What is best reference book for business legal matters?
If someone from a different country copied my startup idea (or product), in which court should I file a case against him?
Can a large company like Amazon retain a startup mindset?
Is it a bad sign if a startup is dependent on Google and Facebook marketing for growth?
How can I start multi-channel order management service company?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Are there any strategies for hiring sales reps for a startup based in a non-English-speaking country?
What are the best payment solutions for startup companies that can be used for conducting a contest, e.g. 99designs or naming force sites, etc.?
Will venture capitalists like Accel fund us, despite us not being from IIT/IIM? We are from ISI Kolkata and have a solid startup idea.
How do I open a digital marketing center?
Why are startups shutting down so fast?
What are some ways to start a business?
Can Europe startup apply too?
What's a business that can make millions?
Is Neo4J literally free?
How do you scale interview preparation & mock interviewing products given a low customer life cycle value and a high churn?
What are the best startup seminars/workshops besides Startup Weekend?
What’s the order of major steps in the first year for an application/website based startup?
What is India's startup ecosystem / scene like?
Is ICO (Initial Coin Offerings) the future of startup funding?
Does a startup have to be an IT or tech company or can it be something else?
In what different ways can a bank invest in FinTech startups under the preview of regulations?
What happens if a Crowdcube listed company gets acquired?
Can the amygdala shut down emotions during anxiety or extreme strees?
How do I start an online business?
What are three catalysts that enable innovation?
I'm serving as UI/UX and Front End Dev for a pre-money startup. I intend to get them at least to MVP, likely further. How do I contextualize my value?
What are the best startup tools to launch your business?
How should the funding strategy for a $5M+ run rate company that started out as a consulting business and moved into a platform play look like?
I’m 16 and want to start a company in the future. What tech or science ideas would be good?
Why can’t I use the word "the" in my company name in India?
Why do so many people want to launch startups?
When documenting a development for a tech startup, what information should be included?
What is the best way to get tax advice or hire tax services for startups in the USA, being a non resident alien?
How did existence start?
I am an aeronautical engineer. Should I accept an offer in aviation services in a well established concern or stay in design services in a startup?
How is the MeritsInd company?
What startup do you operate, and how did you think about doing this?
Is 10% stock okay for a technical cofounder?
What was Hubspot's minimum viable product like?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
How can a startup company find a good area for using a drone?
How do I start working on a startup project that requires the government’s aid and alliance?
How is content generation for VR/360 videos going to happen?
How can an 18-year-old boy get into event management?
How much does it take to start open air cinema?
Can a startup take legal action against an employee who joined one of their client? Also, should the startup go about publicly defaming the employee?
Why do million dollar companies have websites which feel like they were not tested very well?
What are the opportunities for vertically integrated startups with AI as a core advantage?
What EdTech startups are very successful?
How can I find an investor who is willing to invest at his own risk?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
How do I hire the right tech people for a startup?
What are the most promising AI and machine learning startups in NYC/Northeast?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Have you invested in a startup or other opportunity that you discovered on Quora?
How does a LLC qualify for business research tax credits in the US?
How do you make money with apps if there is already an app for everything out there?
Are there incubators and accelerators for design-led physical product startups?
What books are popular within India's startup ecosystem?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
How would I convince an intern to drop out of university to join a startup?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
What is Y Combinator's value proposal for entrepreneurs?
Who is an affordable hosting and email provider for a startup?
What are some interesting startups in UP?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
An early stage startup is offering 20,000 shares (~0.5%) equity with $1500/month for 1 yr for its first key marketing hire. Is this appropriate?
If you have one piece of advice for startups that are looking to engage corporates, what would it be?
Who are performance tracker EdTech startups?
Which Indian IT company was the first to identify the opportunity in the IT sector?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
Whose permission is required to start up an company?
I’ve been quoted $90k for a website and mobile app for a startup. That’s way over budget. It's already a 'lighter' version. What can I do?
Which sort of startup does the world demand right now?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
Which mutual fund should beginners invest 3000 per month in?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
Why do some startups win?
What value can I add to a mobile app startup as a non-programmer CEO?
Why are there not more startups that change the way dentistry works?
Where can I find the guidelines for opening up a 50 bed hospital?
If you have a high-growth startup and want it to be acquired for around 50M by Facebook/Snapchat, how do you start the process?
Is it possible for an individual to start a company like what Beme (Casey Neistat’s company) is doing now?
Do you think it is a good time for a startup in China?
Is there an Airbnb for storage in China?
What are some start-ups in the outdoor/adventure sports/adventure travel industry in the SF Bay Area?
How do I find industry specific content blogs for my startups?
What are good ideas about analytics services?
How important is a healthy degree of cynicism to a tech startup’s execution strategy?
What kind of a support can a startup in Chandigarh get?
For a fresher, which is better, an MNC or a startup?
Why are many of the startups tech-based and not based on daily needs or anything else?
Does Ali Al Shamsi or Gordon Miller sponsor startups in Africa—in Nigeria, to be specific?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What are the benefits and hurdles of a startup that depend on the government?
Do you agree with the assumption that it is the weaker actors that often use asymmetric tactics?
Which is the best product management course in Berlin?
What are some good events for a startup company to organize for undergraduate students?
How do gluons interact with quarks?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
How much equity should I ask for as a startup’s VP of Sales?
How can I test if an employee is a perfect fit for a startup?
How do research based startups make money?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
What should be the salary breakup for an 18 LPA CTC to pay zero tax?
What are some tech startups that focus on the sports industry in India?
What would be your advise for a beginner in the stockmarket?
What are the things people in the IT industry fear the most regarding their careers?
What advantages do medium-sized companies have over both small startups and big companies?
What is a typical incubation time before a tech startup reaches profitability?
I want to attend startup events in New Delhi but can't find them. How can I get to know about them?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
Is there any start-up in Africa that has reached a billion-dollar valuation within a few years like Snapchat?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
Does location of a startup matter? Is it feasible to prefer a tier III city over a tier I city as a location?
What is the best way to network at a tech startup meet?
What are some tactics used by Romans and why/how?
What are the best business ideas to start an online rental business?
What are the responsibilities of the COO in a tech startup?
What are some startups in the video game industry?
What would be an interesting research question about growth hacking for a MSc thesis, with focus on my country’s startups?
What is a startup preincubation?
What are the hottest European startups of 2017?
Which hosting provider offers the fastest dedicated servers for mobile apps?
Which are the top startup companies of Bangalore?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
What is the rise of global startups compared to Silicon Valley?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
What's your experience with having your girlfriend/boyfriend as a business partner or cofounder?
What are the major factors that compel strong actors to use asymmetric tactic?
How many startups are in the online appointment booking space?
Is startup culture growing in India? If so, is it limited only to Bangalore or is there a startup culture in other cities as well (like Hyderabad, Noida, Pune)?
How do startups setup meetings with high profile VC's and Angels?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What are the metrics that signify P/M fit?
How do I write an effective elevator pitch?
What are the top startup events in Delhi? How frequently do they take place?
What startups embrace transparency besides Buffer, GrooveHQ, and Baremetrics?
How do consumer startups find their initial users?
What do you want to see from pre-launch startups?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
How can I start conducting startup meets in Hyderabad?
Why do businesses shut down?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
Where can I get legal advice for writing TOS, privacy policy, and cookie policy for my startup tech platform?
How can I become an ideapreneur in order to kick start a good business?
How can I get demographic data for a particular startup?
Where can we get information on startups events happening in Delhi NCR?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
How has Change.org's product evolved over the past couple of years?
What are the best MBA programs in UK with an "technology innovation and entrepreneurship" focus?
What job functions are the most important for a rapidly growing web/app based startup?
Can we get a formidable startup in India from a tier-2 or tier-3 city?
What is startup matchmaking sites missing?
What is a “startup mentality”? Is it important in all life cycle phases of a company?
What are a few lesser known but successful startups in India?
What are the projects going on at the GoJet Singapore office?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What are the best upcoming industries for startups?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are trade-offs for joining a series-A startup from a Fortune-50 company?
How many startups survive?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
Where can I get good ideas for a new startup?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Which are good examples of jugaad (hustle) in startups?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
What are the industries or market niche you're working in?
Which are the Indian startups that have started making profits or broken even?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Are there any tech startup internships in Pune?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
What is the best way to start an auction based website like eBay?
Why do startups in food product distribution with less investment fail in the USA as compared with other countries?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
Aside from a refresh (more ISOs), are there other customary ways to award startup (private) employees, after their initial shares have fully vested?
My startup idea only works with a large user base. Can I fix this?
How do consumer web startups gain a lot of users fast?
Are Americans living in India interested in a startup?
How does Quincy Larson make money?
Which startups are based out of Mumbai?
What are some interesting startups in the Internet space?
Have you heard of BetaBulls before?
What pre-cursors should you look for in a startup to indicate they are to be acquired?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Is there a common way for SaaS startups to partner with "traditional" or non-technological businesses to drive sales (e.g. KDS and Amex)?
What are the best startup networking events / meetups in New Delhi?
Can a gaming cafe/lounge be successful in Chandigarh? How should one go about building one that would be successful?
What are the mass-media startups in India?
Which is the best digital marketing course in Berlin?
What are the main challenges of hardware-based start-ups?
What are the logistical issues that startups face?
How did you build your first user base?
How did Ankit Gupta, being an Indian, start up Pulse in United States? Is it legal?
What are prominent Startup events of India?
Which is better for traffic attribution and tracking, Branchmetrics or Appsflyer?
How do I find the technology insights for the startups?
Why do many late night food delivery businesses fail?
What do you think about the startup name: "Blitzpark"?
If someone's startup would affect the business of the Indian government, would the government support that startup or not?
How much does an ordinary pizza shop owner earn in one month?
Which Apple device is best suited to organize work in an innovative startup?
How do I build a blockchain application network from the ground up?
If Xerox did not show the GUI to Apple, can you project what may have happened to Apple (1980-2015)?
What is the most innovative start-up in India? Why?
Would Bay Area VCs invest in a Canadian startup utilizing a cross-border incorporation structure?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
What are some of the best new startup ideas?
Are job boards considered tech startups and do they have valuations?
If you ask me whether I prefer to be like Bill Gates or Warren Buffett, even given Bill's net worth and to some extent his age, I would choose Warren. What do you think of this?
Does a startup require a micro, small and medium enterprise (MSME) certificate or registration while applying for registration of its trademark?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
How do I make a deal with hotels as a startup?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Why might Lightfleet's all-to-all optical switch have been abandoned?
Should startups join trade associations in their seed/infancy stage to build credibility?
What are the best start-ups in the UAE?
What are the major drawbacks of starting the service based company?
What do you think about a startup called “lazypay.in” in India?
How should you approach MCI, in the case of a shut down of your college?
Are UK app marketing agencies worth the money?
Is Paytm's monopoly coming to an end with 'WhatsApp Payment' that is coming soon?
Where should I locate an energy efficiency startup?
What is the new startup JollyWed all about?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What key changes are taking place in startup funding, and how is Gust aligned with these changes?
If I gave you $10,000 today, how would you turn a profit on it in 30 days?
How should a startup with S-corp tax status compensate its executive team, outside of the normal cash compensation?
How do I master my detailed business model for the start-up competition?
Does Gordon Miller invest in pre-revenue startups?
Will I have to pay Texas franchise taxes for 2017 when my corporation was established that same year?
How can I start a company? What are the certificates and registration a food startup should have?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
What is the Keil startup code doing in 8051?
What does Gordon Miller mean by "it's all about partnerships" regarding startups?
What type of businesses are most likely to go for content security solutions?
Do you currently support startups in Africa?
If you have $500 & you're in a country like Morocco and you want to start a profitable business, what are you going to do?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
What are your experiences hiring “fans” as associates for your company or startup?
What are the top AI startups in Israel?
What are the requirements for starting home delivery?
Why do you love working with your company?
Which are the healthtech startups in Bangalore?
Does Gordon Miller invest in space exploration or related start-ups? If so, which companies?
Are you scared of your job security?
Does Y Combinator accept Chinese teams?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
How do I use the Heroku platform to sell my app?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
Anyone familiar with Stripe's underwriting program? What do they do in this department, and is it technical or customer support?
What is your ultimate vision for Gust? Where is it in the startup stratosphere? Who should use it?
What is the most promising company in the US?
Have you ever felt fear or anxiety when starting a company?
How can we persuade Netflix to produce a show, on a startup ecosystem?
What are the largest startups in Europe?
What are some of the interesting startups in India?
How do I get investors for a FinTech company?
Why do tech startups fail?
Where can I find people to invest in my small business?
What are the aggressive startups currently in expansion mode in Hyd and Bangalore?
What are the yearly and start up costs of a big game or large mammal (e.g. the "big 5") sanctuary with 5 or more resident animals?
What are the biggest problems that Middle Eastern companies have when expanding to the US?
What things should I consider before starting a small cafe in Mumbai?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Are there plans to expand Gust Launch beyond the US?
What does “chalkschools” do?
What's the optimal short-term strategy for an early-stage consumer internet startup?
What is the best and fair way to make money as a digital-product evangelist?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
What should I choose as a fresher - a job at TCS, a startup working on web development (Angular and Node.js), or a startup on Android development (ADF by Oracle)?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
What percentage of a startup’s revenue should be allocated to salaries?
If I gave you $10,000, could you generate a profit doing anything you'd like with it, within 30 days?
How can one decide whether his startup will succeed or not?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
Is it possible to create a startup that creates synthetic biology pets of any kind of hybrid combination you can imagine?
How do I submit a supply proposal?
Are huge successes just made out of deception?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Are there any competitors to NestAway ?
What kind of video production services would you need for your company?
What would be good startup names that mean 'Humanpark'?
Is there any Indian startup which can connect me to actual software developers who can guide me to acquire skills?
Could you be the world’s biggest food producer without a single farm?
What is fin-tech, and which companies or startups are the top ones?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
How would you establish a discounted cash flow/valuation in a seed round?
How important is your startup's product for your growth hacking?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
How can a starting clothing brand get money to buy stock quickly?
How many startups happen in the US?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
Which startups are going to use the Station F?
How do you evaluate if the startup has some life? Should I continue working on it if I get 2 clients in the first 4~5 months?
What are the websites where a startup should have its presence?
What do you think of the idea of giving $10,000 to ten individuals to compete to generate the biggest return within 60 days?
How do I get rid of a toxic teammate?
Would you participate in a competition where I give away $10K to ten people, where the goal is to generate as much return as possible in 30 days?
Which is a better scheme, US SBIR or EU SMEI?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
What type of plastic industry would be best to set up at the moment?
Should early-stage financial startups join trade associations to build credibility?
What startups have used "The" in their name -- like TheSkimn?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
When were PowerPoint decks first used in startup pitches to VCs?
Can I join a startup with an L1 Visa?
Is it reasonable to create a start-up to develop websites for businesses?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
How important is a legal team to a startup company?
How important is structure in a startup?
What is the biggest challenge you face that's keeping you from getting your informational ebook out into the world?
What are some successful startups?
Do I pursue real estate or entrepreneurship?
What is the difference between Test.io, Applause, Testlio?
Are there any angel investors or mentors on Quora who can help guide me with my startup?
What are you looking for in a virtual assistant?
How good is Snapchat?
Can an audit fee be more than the revenue of a company?
Does working at an early stage startup always mean stock options?
What are the best digital media startup blogs around?
Have you ever walked out on Tony Robbins because he's bullshit, a scammer wanting to make lots of money on poor people?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
Next step after thinking about an idea?
What are the top machine intelligence startups in Israel?
How can I expand my namkeen (packaged snack) business in another city of India?
How are salaries of employees set in startup companies? From where will the salaries come in a startup?
What do you think about the startup name: Tintpark?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
As a newly established LLC, is it fairly simple to attain a loan for startup purposes?
Who are some affordable fund formation attorneys in San Francisco / Silicon Valley?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What should I consider proprietary information regarding my startup?
What may happen if I start a business by leaving my job in an MNC and it fails? Is there any scope for returning back to the MNC?
What is EnGrip?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
Are there any good startups (with embedded/firmware jobs) in Silicon Valley at all? There are so many in San Francisco but almost none in Valley.
Can I take over a start up company? Is it too difficult?
How important is differentiation for a startup in terms of an unique tech/algorithm?
Do tech startups that depend heavily on interns fail?
In this day and age, is it possible to organically grow an online marketplace into a billion-dollar valuation?
Which problems in India can startups aim to solve?
How can I get an internship at a startup that is working on Java? How will I decide which startup is good for me? I am going to Bangalore.
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
Which are the best startups of 2016 in India?
Where can I search for companies that are looking for international sales representation/distribution?
What specific startups were profitable during their first year in business?
Which spacecraft system startups have been doing interesting work lately?
Why do millennials love Fintechs, which help them to save?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
What are the top 3 tasks of a CMO in a SaaS startup at $1M ARR?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
How can I set up a building material reuse center?
How many shares can I get in a startup?
Is it common to have call rights terms on vested shares in a startup?
What startups that were acquired by another company had a very simple business model?
What is a venture builder?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Why don't online programming startups succeed?
Is there a way to find startups even before they come to internet?
Is it okay if a company's core business doesn't have a profit margin?
What do people think of this new startup shopping website called Hugme (www.hugme.in)?
How can I help my 18 year old son who created a company in the USA (we are from Europe)?
How can I convince suppliers to join a startup marketplace?
How do I start to set up a new startup in the service industry?
How is the length of a product lifecycle determined?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
As a web/mobile app development startup (providing app development services), what was your most effective client acquisition strategy?
How do I do a picture-framing business?
How can I start a successful directory listing website?
As a non-EU citizen, can I register my company in the UK and operate all over Europe?
We were paid by some academics to build some software which we continued to build upon and now has many new features. Who owns it?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
How does Founder's Fund's performance compare to A16Z's?
Is hiring an agency for startup product development a good option?
Which startups are working on the IOT in 2017, especially in Asia?
How do you find companies that can help you manufacture domestically when you don't have that much money?
What are some examples of successful viral marketing campaigns by startups to college students (besides Yik Yak and Facebook)?
What is the best way to prepare a business plan and an exit strategy for my biomedical device start-up?
What is the most effective way to outsource social media marketing?
What should PhD students learn in order to create a startup after graduation?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
A site that started a day or two ago has 150 hits per day on average, and is increasing. Is that good or bad?
What is it like to work for the Southeast Asian startup, GrabCar?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
How can I stick to what I do best, i.e., innovate/mitigate/strategize with no involvement in administrative or technical challenges for my startup F150?
What are the best news/media startups in 2017?
What is the best business/law firm that is focused on startups in Canada?
What if this item could change the way you travel?
How do you empower creative professionals?
How many departments has Modi planned to shut down?
What happens to employees if a company is acquired? For example, Lazada was acquired by Alibaba. Were their employees laid off?
Is Sydney or Melbourne better for startups and IT jobs?
How can I respond to a specific part of an article on Promethea?
Would you fire a good employee if you discovered that he is living at the office?
Is putting fliers everywhere the best way to get quick traction for your app on college campuses?
How do I get users for my new social network site www.palripple.com?
What benefits does Gordon Miller get from investing in startups?
I want to start a "Home Chef-Cooked" food delivery website. The chefs will not be mine, but registered home-cooks. What permits do I need?
Has anyone used Loom to hire developers?
In India, can any legal action be taken against an employer who fired an employee without any advance notice?
Should I join LinkedIn or a start-up?
What are the most interesting fin-tech startups in 2017?
How many people are on a start up team?
What are some tax deferred retirement options for founders?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
What are the challenges of building a data team at a startup?
How do you start a bottled water business?
What are all of the active self-driving car startups (2017)?
How can Facebook just steal whatever Snapchat features it wishes? Where is the protection for disruptive startups?
What are your thoughts on the Foundr magazine?
How do I obtain a GST/VAT number for my startup?
How do I start a doorstep mobile service in Chennai through e-commerce?
How can a startup find new data sources to utilize?
What accelerators have pilot projects for startups?
How did Poshmark gain traction?
What are the best startups to work in India as python developer?
What kind of information is compulsory while selling a cards game in India?
What is the typical investment amount for an angel in a pre-series A startup?
How can a US/China startup with an ethnically mixed team of 20 professionals successfully build a company culture that emphasizes clear communication?
What kind of business can I start in Pakistan with 500,000 in capital?
What is the best way of naming your startup business?
Which are the famous startups of 2016?
Where can I find a good business model for startup accelerators, especially FinTech accelerators?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
How can I get more users for my ed-tech, chat bot startup?
Are there any websites that analyses and discusses the performance of startups or large businesses?
Should I hire an agency to run demos and qualify my inbound leads?
Are business competitions foolish for startups?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How do you get someone to create a demo video for your startup?
Is there any way to find the startup who needs marketing?
Are there any US or European tech startup accelerators that provide accommodation for the foreign participants?
Are most Googlers really the "smart creatives" they are made out to be? Do Googlers feel like frauds every time that phrase is used around them?
How can I become a senior manager in a flat hierarchy organization?
What are some cool looking logos of start-ups?
Is StartupHawk legit?
How can I approach a famous website in order to create a partnership with them?
How would a beautiful website influence buying decisions?
What are some good tips for data monetization for startups?
Should I register a game studio in the UK after Brexit or in the EU instead?
Which CA / legal services firm will you recommend for startups based in Delhi?
As of April 2017, what are Quora's biggest challenges to ensure its growth and sustainability?
What should my pay be as a college student starting an startup?
I'm flying in for an out-of-state interview for a job in web development. What kind of questions should I expect?
How do you tell that a presented business venture, partnership, or business opportunity isn't going to work or generate any profits?
What are the challenges in working for a startup?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What are the legal scaling challenges a startup faces?
Is it a good or bad idea to first let my web service be 100% free for all users and then after some time, the users have to start paying for the service?
Which startups have operations in both the Bay Area and India?
How difficult and expensive is it to start a cell phone company?
How does a virtual assistant works?
What is the best type of contract agreement for an international product distributor, licensing or equity?
What criteria should be used to evaluate a company name for a startup or rebrand?
What are 3 things you find most important when executing marketing activities in early stage startups?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
How can I get noticed by companies like Myntra, Flipkart, Jabong, InMobi?
Which is best classified site in India?
Are startups only about new product development? Can a startup be defined based on not creating a new product but only on creating a new business model?
What are some good, possible creative names for a tea point I am about to open in Punjab?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
Where can I read the new York times article about Uber's psychological tactis with drivers?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
If you had a dream team of mobile engineers, what product/framework/service would you start building now?
What are some big mistakes that startups make with their company name?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What is the rate for a virtual assistant?
How would you redesign the steam train for getting awesome steep hill traction?
How can I create a website that connects professionals to potential clients?
What are the basics to promote content for startups?
Is the textiles business in Surat a good choice?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
What corporates have the best partnership models for startups?
We are on the verge of an early release of our enterprise product. What should we ask in return from customers for getting into an early access program?
Are there any safety concerns for a US start up company in China?
What's is the best platform for posting on every site?
What do you think is the purpose of working for Instacart as a shopper or driver? Is it for joy, social contribution, flexibility, etc.?
Will an EV SSL certificate have a great impact on a newly published online store?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
How does an employee in an early-stage (pre-Series A) start-up in the USA protect the value of his earned equity when exiting the startup?
Who are the biggest robotics players in Central Europe?
What is Yoobic?
Should every online businessman think about e-commerce or online marketing similar to what VirtualOptim-like companies are providing?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
What's a good "higher-end" virtual assistant service?
What educational startups do you know?
What notable companies other than Joyride provide specialty coffee to the office coffee market?
Are there business angels who like pitches through cold emailing?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
What is wrong with only using operational data to run a business (e.g., revenue, CAC, attrition, etc.)?
What is the best new start-up in your country?
How many people really got accepted to Y-Combinator's online startup school?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
The founders of Airbnb and Uber must've known that their services would be illegal in some cities, so how and why did they launch?
Why don't more high school students start businesses?
What are some startups in online cloth stitching using AI?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
What could be the solution to IoT companies that bully their customers?
What are some of the key elements in a successful playschool / playgroup center?
Are there any canned Employee Stock Ownership Plan agreements a 4 employee company might implement for retirement planning?
Are virtual assistants good or bad for business?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
How do virtual assistants charge?
Does a curated office furniture rental/rent-to-own startup make sense in India?
I'd like to hire a virtual assistant. Do you know of a forum where I can ask questions, chat with other people who hire virtual assistant, and understand best practices / tools?
Can you name scientific literature about wages/incentive pay in startups?
What are the most common reasons for startups to fail in 2017?
What services could be offered to startups that makes it grow?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
What are the most interesting startups in the US?
What do you think about augmented reality App - Gabsee?
Why did assemblymade.com fail?
Which are the most interesting tech education startups in the world?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
What makes a great startup name?
What are some new and amazing startups around the world?
How do I start affilate marketing?
If you are from Mumbai, are you interested in being a part of a furniture startup?
What is the induction process at startups?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
What are the major startup costs for a microbrewery?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
Is an awesome name important for a startup?
Is it worth using a JavaScript front-end on first iteration for a startup?
What steps should a Canadian SaaS business take in order to legally operate in Texas?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
What are the most concerning issues for IT startuppers?
What should an induction presentation contain for a startup?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
How much will a startup be worth if it can unite all your school and college friends in 24 hours?
Why isn't anyone disrupting the funeral industry?
Is it common for start-ups to use a company like ADP for doing payroll?
What are some recommendations for books on startups?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
A startup with no product, just an idea, wants to make me an employee for equity instead of pay. Should I be a cofounder?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
How is Student loan Hero different from other debt management services or startups?
What would be the best method, guideline, or procedure for hiring an attorney service for a startup app or website?
Where is a site that I can post free classified ads?
How many types of Free Classified sites there in India?
What is the best ratio to allocate funds in a startup related to fashion accessories?
What is the best site to post ads on every classified ad site?
What are some industries similar to music which can be disrupted by startups like Spotify or SoundCloud?
Is creating a website equal to creating a company?
Who is the most affordable immigration lawyer (or service provider) who works with Finnish startups?
How can I get started with GHCJS?
How do I find the proper adviser for a tech startup in Canada? Are there any recommendations?
How do big companies acquire small companies? What is the method of payment and how is the transfer of ownership done?
Is the crowdfunding space contracting as of 2017?
Do you think it is a good time for a startup in China?
Is there an Airbnb for storage in China?
Where should I locate an energy efficiency startup?
Why is it hard for African entrepreneurs to get funding for their startups?
What is the highest CPM you can recieve for a gaming app in India?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What are your top problems/requirements when it comes to deciding on software house to build a software for your company?
What are the low-investment businesses that a student can start on a part-time basis which can later be expanded if needed?
Any good names for technical startup?
What is the current state of Marc Bodnick's startup?
Which is the best product management course in Berlin?
What are social and cultural trends influencing startups in Uganda?
When is the best time to work with startup companies?
What is the significance of the tech world picking up meditation as a self improvement and social proof technique?
Which school offers better entrepreneurship resources, Harvard or MIT?
What specific startups were profitable during their first year in business?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Why do millennials love Fintechs, which help them to save?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Does Vancouver have a tech startup scene?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
How can consumers shut down big banks so they no longer have to pay for the mistakes of the rich?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What are the things people in the IT industry fear the most regarding their careers?
Is there any hope of a revolutionary technology startup obtaining injunctive relief after competitor patent infringement?
What would you fear if you received an application from a sales guy to a marketing position?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Are distributors obliged to distribute a product at a price set by the manufacturer?
What do you think about the online employment "fit" assessments?
I want to attend startup events in New Delhi but can't find them. How can I get to know about them?
Can I see what a privately held company was sold for?
How can we persuade Netflix to produce a show, on a startup ecosystem?
As a web/mobile app development startup (providing app development services), what was your most effective client acquisition strategy?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
What are some India-based recruitment startups?
Has there been a declining interest in joining tech startups in New York, as of 2017?
How are valuations slashed and who has the right to do so?
Are there any startups looking for Summer software interns in the DFW or Austin area?
Who are the biggest robotics players in Central Europe?
Can Industrial and Production Engineering help if in the future I decide to start my own manufacturing business?
What are the hottest European startups of 2017?
What are the problems Harsh Snehanshu faced as an author that he intends to solve via YourQuote?
Can occasional free bagels/donuts & coffee buy employee loyalty?
What is a social startup?
How can I start up a travel company?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
What are some benefits of tech startups going international quickly?
Won't self driving cars ruin Uber's network effect?
Have you ever experienced a peer review process that you loved? If so, what was that process and why did you love it?
Are there larger companies that attempted to acquire Quora?
What's the optimal short-term strategy for an early-stage consumer internet startup?
How can I dropship to Somalia profitably from AliExpress or Amazon?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
How do consumer startups find their initial users?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Why do youngsters prefer working under someone instead of going for a startup?
How do I open a digital marketing center?
What are the things that you need to take care of when opening a deep learning startup in India?
What will be the impact of Brexit on the tech and startups scene in the UK?
What happens to employees if a company is acquired? For example, Lazada was acquired by Alibaba. Were their employees laid off?
Should I use Kickstarter for a product with a low startup cost?
Can Europe startup apply too?
What are some famous and growing startups in Pune?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
Would it be possible to build a decentralized blockchain-based service like Uber or Airbnb, which could not be tracked or/and regulated?
Is putting fliers everywhere the best way to get quick traction for your app on college campuses?
What are the best MBA programs in UK with an "technology innovation and entrepreneurship" focus?
What is the use of project report for startup?
What job functions are the most important for a rapidly growing web/app based startup?
Do HR people ever get jealous while recruiting people with much higher salaries than them? Do they ever feel underrated?
What are some web/tech startups in Nepal who have been running actively and are big?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Should I join LinkedIn or a start-up?
What is the differentiation between OTAs and direct booking features?
What are the different ways to structure co-founder terms when one founder is providing the initial seed investment?
Can the amygdala shut down emotions during anxiety or extreme strees?
What are some new and amazing startups around the world?
Where can I find startup blog sites?
Can I have a successful startup if I'm introvert and I don't have any friends?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
Which startups are hiring Drupal developers in the Mumbai area?
As a just started engineering business, what is partnership and when do I need partnership?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
Should I be worried about the "unlimited holiday" policy at my new job?
How do you evaluate if the startup has some life? Should I continue working on it if I get 2 clients in the first 4~5 months?
What are the websites where a startup should have its presence?
I hate my growing startup. What can I do to get back on track?
Should I trust a top patent firm to work with even if they also work with my competitor in the medical device industry?
What is stripe valuation?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What would be an innovation in a food startup?
Will Quora invest in me if I start a similar site in another language?
What was the valuation of Sprig during its $45M Series b?
How would you describe working at a startup from day one?
I'm a college student with an idea for an app, would students from other colleges with programming ability be interested in joining me?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Should early-stage financial startups join trade associations to build credibility?
What are the logistical issues that startups face?
Where can I get advice on a start-up? I can’t type something long here.
What are some great data science based insights?
What is the best way to recruit great sales people for a startup when your resources are limited?
How can I grow my business of incense sticks?
How do I find the technology insights for the startups?
What do you think about the startup name: "Blitzpark"?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
What benefit (besides happy employees) is there to issuing an all-employee option pool from a Series A before a Series B? What's the downside (besides founder dilution)?
What is the best startup with 0 INR?
The buffer explained how things led to the departure of two of its key people. How did the investors feel about it, considering the "little exit"?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
How can I become a senior manager in a flat hierarchy organization?
What are some interesting startups in UP?
How do I develop a complete backend for a startup website and an Android app that needs constant iterative changes? What language should I use?
What are some cool looking logos of start-ups?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
What are the best digital media startup blogs around?
Who are the most active investors in Luxembourg based start-ups?
What do you think could be the next billion-dollar startup?
Which mutual fund should beginners invest 3000 per month in?
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
How do I prepare for a startup in 6 months?
What are “iB Hubs”?
What are the most interesting new Internet companies?
Why isn’t successful Indian startups like Flipkart, Ola etc expanding to international market outside India?
What are the best sustainable businesses for schools?
Where can I find the guidelines for opening up a 50 bed hospital?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What is the fuss about Slack? Why do most startups love it so much?
At which startup or MNC will Aman Goel work?
Are there any aerospace startups in Pakistan?
Are UK app marketing agencies worth the money?
What are the tactics that men use while they are in jail?
Are there startup learning tools?
How does a startup handle liquidity crisis?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How does someone get 2k-5k for a startup?
How do I do a news startup in India?
What are the pros and cons of working in corporate spin-off startup versus traditional startup?
What are the best ways to reach out to Dallas/Texas Digital startups?
What is the best type of restaurant to start with?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
What law firm for a startup would you recommend in Israel?
How can I test if an employee is a perfect fit for a startup?
Where can I read the new York times article about Uber's psychological tactis with drivers?
How do research based startups make money?
After I have registered my startup company, what is the next step?
As a final year postgrad: if you could choose between working for your dream company or founding your own (with VC) what would you choose? Why?
Should I (H1-B visa in USA) master my interview preparation (as it would help me find a job soon if my startup idea fails) or should I jump on my startup idea first?
Theoretically, I have $100. Would it be better to use that money to try to build an online business or invest in the stock market?
Which lawyer should I hire to help with my startup's securities offering?
If you have $500 & you're in a country like Morocco and you want to start a profitable business, what are you going to do?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are your experiences hiring “fans” as associates for your company or startup?
Should a Mexican startup need to be set up in the US to get US investors?
Where can I find lists of startups rejected by incubators?
Which are the healthtech startups in Bangalore?
Does Gordon Miller invest in space exploration or related start-ups? If so, which companies?
When are the post-April 2017 deadlines for the top startup incubators - Y Combinator, 500 Startups, and Techstars?
What are the responsibilities of the head SCM in a startup?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
Should more startups plan on being international from the beginning?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Which startup business is best in Bangladesh?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
Besides Chris Sacca, have any top VCs closed their firms at the peak of their success?
How is working for a startup?
What are some remarkable products born at hackathons?
What are the lucrative industries for startups?
What is the difference between interns and ambassadors?
How AI startups must compete with Google?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
How does Silicon Valley feel about Facebook's lack of creativity as it constantly steals ideas from startups?
Why do terrible companies raise so much money?
What start-up networking events are happening in Bangalore, for free?
How do you define the basics, foundations, fundamentals, and elements of business?
What is best reference book for business legal matters?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
You have 2 lakh rupees with which to live your life. How will you live?
What are the hottest startups in 2017?
Which startups are hiring marketing undergraduate freshers 2017 in Bangalore?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Would you recommend getting an MBA?
Is Istanbul friendly for tech startups?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
Why do businesses shut down?
What do people think of Jason Calacanis' podcast This Week in Startups?
What if this item could change the way you travel?
Is there anyone who has been fired from a startup and didn't get a job after that? What will you do now?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
When is the best time to sell a startup app?
Can Canadians invest in US early start ups as non-accredited investors?
How much does a good business valuation cost for a startup?
How much does eShares cost to use?
What makes a great startup name?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What are the requirements / permissions / etc to start upda food truck bussiness in UAE?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
How do you start a bottled water business?
How do you evaluate a start up for full time employment nowadays, after many start ups have gone dry of cash?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
Which startups are based out of Mumbai?
Why do you need to register a company?
Are there any innovative products for a business startup?
How do I find an Australian wholesaler for this pedal bin, www.bigw.com.au/product/house-home-20-litre-pedal-bin-denim-blue/p/WCC100000000427337/?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
Can a startup take legal action against an employee who joined one of their client? Also, should the startup go about publicly defaming the employee?
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What are the best startups that provide internships on app development in Hyderabad?
How do you start a detailing business?
Is getting a Bevi machine worth it for a (small) startup?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
How important is structure in a startup?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Is the employees’ union required if the company is going under a loss?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Why don't giant companies just buyout their startup competitors?
If you have one piece of advice for startups that are looking to engage corporates, what would it be?
Which Indian IT company was the first to identify the opportunity in the IT sector?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Where is a site that I can post free classified ads?
How should I get started on Botanics?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
Why have most of the on-demand moving and furniture delivery startups disappointed their investors to date?
What is the best way to find Clojure talent for a startup?
Is creating a website equal to creating a company?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What type of company is Airbnb?
Is there a government entity offering free legal advice to small businesses/startups in UK/London Area?
What is a startup’s story?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What do series A, series B and series C rounds of funding mean and on what basis are these chosen?
What do the growth rates of high-growth fintech companies look like in the early years?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
Can I take over a start up company? Is it too difficult?
What is the best startup business for out of pocket money for the handicapped?
Are there any websites or organizations dedicated to collaborative working, learning, and problem solving through large-scale projects?
Why are many of the startups tech-based and not based on daily needs or anything else?
How are the members of the SSB board appointed?
What criteria should be used to evaluate a company name for a startup or rebrand?
What are big French companies that deal with innovations?
What are the best startup incubators and accelerators of 2017 in the world?
Which problems in India can startups aim to solve?
Can I make a messenger app that allows users to import their contact lists from other messaging apps?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
What is better for a Computer Science fresher, companies like Capgemini/Tech Mahindra or any startup through eLitmus?
What type of businesses are most likely to go for content security solutions?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
How are startups in India doing sales?
How can anyone save money on brand growth & offline marketing?
How can I create my first educational VR project?
Why don't online programming startups succeed?
What are the top AI startups in Israel?
What are the best startup businesses for a beginner?
Where can I get a list of new start-ups in China and America?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How do startups like 99acres.com & housing.com deal with the local brokers?
Why do so many Google employees quit to build their own startup?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
Why is أراجيك - AraGeek not writing about my startup application?
Why do most startups of India fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
Is there a company registration service for tech start-ups (like Clerky.com), for Europe and France in particular?
What are the responsibilities of the Center Head of a startup for a cloud-based service provider company?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Do most U.S. businesses support Obamacare?
As entrepreneurs, where shouldn’t we ship to (e.g., knockoffs = Hong Kong)?
As a non-EU citizen, can I register my company in the UK and operate all over Europe?
Which are the top startup companies of Bangalore?
What is your story as a teen entrepreneur, and which company did you found?
How much equity do you give a co-founder at different stages of a startup?
I would like create an startup-friendly ecosystem in my town-region. What are your best tips to achieve that?
What's your experience with having your girlfriend/boyfriend as a business partner or cofounder?
Which are the startups I can work with for free on the weekends?
Where can I find communities/forums of startups in the Philippines?
What are the best hiring tips used by the startup companies?
Which startups are working on the IOT in 2017, especially in Asia?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Can a startup launch its product (first release) outside of its country?
Have you ever bypassed HR and onboarded someone for unofficial work at your company, or have you worked at a company yourself in such a capacity?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What is the best way to prepare a business plan and an exit strategy for my biomedical device start-up?
What does a startup do to have successful communication?
What types of skills and expertise is the Israeli startup ecosystem most adept at fostering?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
What are the metrics that signify P/M fit?
How can I start multi-channel order management service company?
What are the perks of a result driven startup?
What startups embrace transparency besides Buffer, GrooveHQ, and Baremetrics?
How do I start a non-profit science organization?
Does a curated office furniture rental/rent-to-own startup make sense in India?
What companies use SharePoint?
How do you predict revenue for a startup?
What are some examples of mergers and acquisitions?
What's the purpose of a AAA loan?
What are some good startups a CA can do without coders and technology?
Could you be the world’s biggest food producer without a single farm?
How many startups survive?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
What is going to become the next multibillion dollar company?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
Where can I get good ideas for a new startup?
Where can I find startup company sales support?
How can I find sales & marketing startup companies?
What are some tax deferred retirement options for founders?
Which degree is better to do a product-based tech startup, and what is a good plan? I am 26 years old without a degree.
How can we do advertisement for startups company?
Why wasn't Breitbart shut down?
How do startups know how to run a company?
How can a starting clothing brand get money to buy stock quickly?
If you are from Mumbai, are you interested in being a part of a furniture startup?
Who are the best people to speak to regarding diversity in Berlin for startups?
What are Y Combinator's weaknesses?
Can I start a company in my 2nd year of engineering? Is it risky?
What is the lowest equity you have seen for a co-founder at a seed stage?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What are all of the active self-driving car startups (2017)?
What is the induction process at startups?
What do investors look for in a new startup tech business?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are the most underrated tech buzzwords?
What are the opportunities for health care startups in Canada?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
What are some interesting startups in the Internet space?
Who should I send my unsolicited application to?
How do startups like Spinnin' Records and Trap Nation grow?
Which is a better scheme, US SBIR or EU SMEI?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
What are my odds of raising $5mm capital for a FinTech start-up in the US market?
How do I start working on a startup project that requires the government’s aid and alliance?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
Why hasn't Uber created advertising partnerships with drivers?
Which companies can collaborate easily with startups?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What are the main challenges of hardware-based start-ups?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
Can a Canadian start a company in the US if he/she is backed by VC investment?
Which is better for traffic attribution and tracking, Branchmetrics or Appsflyer?
Are all businesses a form of exploitation?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How does a LLC qualify for business research tax credits in the US?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
What suggestions will you give for a new website for improvements?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
Are there any US or European tech startup accelerators that provide accommodation for the foreign participants?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
How many users does Tencent have?
How can I remain motivated while working on a startup?
How good is Snapchat?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
An early stage startup is offering 20,000 shares (~0.5%) equity with $1500/month for 1 yr for its first key marketing hire. Is this appropriate?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
Are job boards considered tech startups and do they have valuations?
Have you ever walked out on Tony Robbins because he's bullshit, a scammer wanting to make lots of money on poor people?
How do I get clients for my startup company?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
How can I expand my namkeen (packaged snack) business in another city of India?
What are some ways to advertise a startup offering lessons in software especially to people interested in the tech industry?
How does AWS help businesses increase growth, drive efficiencies, and reduce costs?
What are the benefits of using cap table management software?
What value can I add to a mobile app startup as a non-programmer CEO?
If you have a high-growth startup and want it to be acquired for around 50M by Facebook/Snapchat, how do you start the process?
As a newly established LLC, is it fairly simple to attain a loan for startup purposes?
In 2017, which is the best wireframe/mockup/prototyping tool for creating mobile apps for a newbie?
What is the best way to pitch to Canadian Accelerators accepting startups through the Start-up Visa Program?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
Are there more scandals in tech startups than other industries?
How should you approach MCI, in the case of a shut down of your college?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
Are there any US based startups that offers a normal 8 hour work shift for a software person?
Considering Donald Trump's decision to lower corporate tax from 35% to mere 15%, how should India react in order to stay in the race for Start-up India?
What is the optimal equity structure when bringing on a co-founder at the pre-seed stage?  
If I gave you $10,000 today, how would you turn a profit on it in 30 days?
How does e-commerce business work?
What are some similar companies like mywbut?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
What kinds of regulatory challenges do startups in the food and beverage industry face?
How do E-commerce companies like Flipkart, Jabong, and Amazon make money?
How can I build a stirling engine?
How do I calculate the perfect valuation for a startup company? What are the factors which should be considered while calculating the same?
Which are some of the most interesting fintech startups in Asia in 2017?
What will be right choice for fresher to join a company whose stack is Java and IBM WCS or another company that use Python and Django?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
What is the lowest cost to hire a virtual assistant for startups?
Is it okay if a company's core business doesn't have a profit margin?
We are on the verge of an early release of our enterprise product. What should we ask in return from customers for getting into an early access program?
What are the three major mistakes of travel companies that affects their growth?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the IOT space?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What's the best way to identify great early-stage startups in Victoria (Australia) for an accelerator?
What competitive advantages does Amazon Restaurants have over food delivery companies like GrubHub and UberEATS?
Why are some big companies buying out some startups when they can make them by themselves easily?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
What are some notable manufacturing startups in India?
What do you think is the purpose of working for Instacart as a shopper or driver? Is it for joy, social contribution, flexibility, etc.?
What are good tech talk aggregators?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
How do I calculate perfect Valuation for a Startup company? What are the factors which should be considered while calculating same?
How much should I ask for funding if my test prep business generated 10K, with only 5K by me writing the content alone for 5 months?
What are the advantages of a CRM start-up?
How do I write a proposal for an MVP after my client approved my presentation?
What are the best business ideas to start an online rental business?
How do I choose the right startup to work at?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
Should every online businessman think about e-commerce or online marketing similar to what VirtualOptim-like companies are providing?
What have been the most challenging parts of launching Cafe X?
How good is Nicaragua for a startup?
What internal KPIs do designers track?
What does Axon do?
What do you know about startups?
What are some latest innovative start-ups made of Wordpress?
How did PostJoint build their user base?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
How do you find companies that can help you manufacture domestically when you don't have that much money?
What sort of stories are told to pass along knowledge within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Which startup has weathered plenty of storms and is now living up to its hype?
How do I determine your KPIs?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
What factors are taken into consideration before a company makes an ICO?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
What companies have failed in the last 2 years?
What are the best payment solutions for startup companies that can be used for conducting a contest, e.g. 99designs or naming force sites, etc.?
Where is the best place to register a tech startup for crowdfunding?
What about the company Daikin?
How many departments has Modi planned to shut down?
How do I make travel bookings using Google Travel?
If a product is illegal in your home state, can you still sell it online if you only offer it in states where it is legal?
What's the difference between Bleeding Edge and Holo Edge when talking about emergent tech?
Do you know how much it costs to make a wheelchair for a disabled person? I need the mechanism, lift system, and wheels to participate at the startup Thessaloniki.
What are some cheaper alternatives to UserTesting.com?
How do I get users for my new social network site www.palripple.com?
What are the most effective channels to hire quality interns for a startup in Singapore?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
How is the startup culture in the UAE?
Is anyone interested in joining a startup technical blog?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some growth hacks for startups other than SEO?
What are the best upcoming industries for startups?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
Do I save tax if I buy startup stock options (private) and hold it for one year? The startup is located in California, US but I work at the India branch.
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
How can I automate double-opt in introductions?
What is the good alternative to ArtofLiving Silence Course?
How do companies comply with regulatory policies when acquiring another company?
How can I get solid investments for my business plan that will be generating 9-figure profits 3-5 years from now?
What is the best PR/marketing agency for startups in US?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
How does AND CO compare with the Wave Accounting apps?
How do I prepare a presentation for an advertising startup?
Where can I find great writers to contribute in my online magazine ?
What are the best startup tools to launch your business?
What does a successful startup mean in India?
Why do startups in food product distribution with less investment fail in the USA as compared with other countries?
Aside from a refresh (more ISOs), are there other customary ways to award startup (private) employees, after their initial shares have fully vested?
How can Facebook just steal whatever Snapchat features it wishes? Where is the protection for disruptive startups?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
When documenting a development for a tech startup, what information should be included?
Who are the best fintech marketers?
How do you determine stock valuation with a high tech start up?
Is it easy to get insurance bond for a startup project?
Are there any startup incubation management software?
Which is the best place to intern in Chennai for programming?
As a 19 year old student, should I start a start-up software company rather working as an employee?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Where can I find a mobile startup advisor with a good network in the Bay Area?
How do I make a startup product that actually makes a business with 5 lakhs?
What kind of business can I start in Pakistan with 500,000 in capital?
How does a hiring plan increase my startup valuation? Does that mean I need to minimize my headcount?
Why is healthcare IT/tech companies so far behind compared to everyone else?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Which companies compete with Suedzucker AG?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
How do I find the first customer for a team of engineers?
How do you get someone to create a demo video for your startup?
What are some successful startups?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
How do I build a blockchain application network from the ground up?
What are some good news blogs covering Chinese technology and startup scene?
Are most Googlers really the "smart creatives" they are made out to be? Do Googlers feel like frauds every time that phrase is used around them?
What is Y Combinator's value proposal for entrepreneurs?
What is the difference between Test.io, Applause, Testlio?
Are there any angel investors or mentors on Quora who can help guide me with my startup?
What are you looking for in a virtual assistant?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
What are the successful startups in India?
A VC recently shared that VP of sales is one of the most critical hires in a startup. How many different VP of sales should be interviewed?
What is the best ratio to allocate funds in a startup related to fashion accessories?
What should be my startup plan?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
What epiphany could you monetize on?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
What are some companies like Antalis?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
How can I prove my credentials to an investor, if I am self-taught and don't have a college degree?
How can an IT startup acquire customers?
Are there meaty roles in tech / health startups for business development, and what could be a good way to get into it?
Why did Zomato acquire a POS startup, Maplegraph, and not an established player like LimeTray?
Is there a "gold standard" VC law firm for establishing a new fund in SEA? Looking for a Cooley equivalent in Singapore/Indonesia/Malaysia.
What are some manufactures or distributers I could use for an urban general store start-up?
How diverse is the typical Israeli startup team?
What is the best type of contract agreement for an international product distributor, licensing or equity?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
Which are the best startups of 2016 in India?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
What is a VO company?
How can Android apps bring startups into the limelight?
Which steps lead to a successful startup-PR?
What are some challenges cross-border tech startups face?
What are some tech startups that focus on the sports industry in India?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What is the best way to market services to restaurant owners or PG owners?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
What certifications or requirements are needed to have a newly invented medical device covered by a customer’s insurance?
What advantages do medium-sized companies have over both small startups and big companies?
When a company is acquired, why won't the new owners rename it?
How should I incorporate my start-up company in London, if I was building the next Facebook app?
How can I convince suppliers to join a startup marketplace?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Did UberPOOL actually pair you with another rider during the initial beta?
Have you ever felt fear or anxiety when starting a company?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How can a US Startup (C corp/LLC) manage salary and stock options for Foreign Independent contractors?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
What are the products and services which are good for doing startup or business in fisheries area?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
Performance reviews/raises in well funded startups - how does it work?
Is there any innovation in food start-ups?
Are there any sites where startup investors are reviewed?
How can an MBA student be successful in his business startup?
Who are the best producers of startup explainer videos for difficult concepts?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
Is the Uber CEO basically a scumbag in regard to the privacy of his users?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
How about a story sharing community like Quora, where you can write a story title in the question, and someone else will write a story in the answer?
What is the process for startup and standup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
If someone from a different country copied my startup idea (or product), in which court should I file a case against him?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What are some startups in online cloth stitching using AI?
OK, So I've got 31 days to make 1M USD, 2 people willing to work round the clock and 50k of capital to invest. What would be the best way to do this?
What are business incubators in Paris?
What is a a good compensation package for a salesman in a startup?
Is it okay to entertain offers from multiple investors before making a decision?
How do I write an effective elevator pitch?
What is your review of Skiplagged.com?
What are the top startup events in Delhi? How frequently do they take place?
What is the best startup Gordon Miller has invested in?
What should I do to keep my website running with low cost? I am running out of budget.
How do virtual assistants charge?
What is the use of virtual assistant?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
What are some ways to start a business?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Can you help name our Cloud ERP for a small business startup?
What is startup matchmaking sites missing?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is fin-tech, and which companies or startups are the top ones?
How do new startups get financed?
How do I figure out the financial needs for my startup?
What are the industries or market niche you're working in?
Does Canada have a plan to promote the creation of tech startups to possibly have different companies with a worth as high as the tech giants?
How do I start affilate marketing?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
How do consumer web startups gain a lot of users fast?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What are the biggest challenges faced by the Finance Function in the Digital age?
Can I call a big company, therefore not a startup, a "concept"?
How does Quincy Larson make money?
Can anyone refer a "lead generation" company that will target newly formed business and anyone who may need a business plan or video designed?
What are some easy ways to increase sales?
How much time does a startup take to completely grow?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What role should governments play in investing in startups?
What startup do you operate, and how did you think about doing this?
What startups in the Boston area are most likely to explode in 2017?
What are start-up companies?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Would you participate in a competition where I give away $10K to ten people, where the goal is to generate as much return as possible in 30 days?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
Would data privacy laws, such as those of the EU, have affect tech startup valuations?
If you had a magic wand, what's the one thing you would change about your company?
What type of plastic industry would be best to set up at the moment?
Should I use a crowdfunding agency?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What was a rapid startup?
How did you build your first user base?
Why has YourQuote not found investors yet?
When were PowerPoint decks first used in startup pitches to VCs?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
What are KRA's of a valuation engineer?
Should I hire an agency to run demos and qualify my inbound leads?
What brands or services did you use to furnish your office?
What went wrong with Shotpitch, founded by Prashanth?
What are some fast growing healthcare startups in India?
Are startup companies good to work for for females?
Should I help my parents or focus on myself first?
Who is an affordable hosting and email provider for a startup?
Will an online bespoke tailor work best in the Indian market today? If not, what could be the disadvantages?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
What do people think of investing in India?
What are the metrics in marketing everyone should know?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
Do you need to be funded to get decent traction as a crowd sourced app whose revenue streams (egg) won't work until there is a large user base (chicken)?
Why aren’t there many innovative startups coming out of India?
How do I get two people to meet who together will bring different skills to support my business?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What is the best way to find customers for my new business. How do I do it?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
In a startup, is it better to assign supervision roles from the start or to promote emerging leaders as you go, when it comes to the sales team?
For a customer-orientated software development business startup, with a $50k budget, what tools would you buy?
What are some startups in Chennai offering summer internship in 2017?
How do I find industry specific content blogs for my startups?
Are there any good startups (with embedded/firmware jobs) in Silicon Valley at all? There are so many in San Francisco but almost none in Valley.
How do we handle a competitor which is providing similar products and services at a much cheaper price but with really bad quality?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
Which companies are the top ten insurtech startups?
Is it true that a salesperson makes the worst CEO?
How should a startup with S-corp tax status compensate its executive team, outside of the normal cash compensation?
Who are Axon's competitors?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What is the role of technical lead in a start up of less than 20 developers?
How can I get an internship at a startup that is working on Java? How will I decide which startup is good for me? I am going to Bangalore.
Most successful Israeli tech startups are acquired. Do you think an Israeli startup will ever become a market-dominating global brand?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What does Gordon Miller mean by "it's all about partnerships" regarding startups?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Pune?
What is the general startup pre-series A spending distribution should be?
What are things to consider when starting a Professional Services team in a SaaS company?
If you could have one of the behemoth tech companies help you with one thing for your AI/ML startup, what would it be?
What is the reason that startups fail?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Is the textiles business in Surat a good choice?
What is your software startup inspiration story?
What do owners of successful small businesses want from their bank?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Is there any economic advantage for a business to employee a bathroom attendant?
Does location of a startup matter? Is it feasible to prefer a tier III city over a tier I city as a location?
How is the startup investment scenario in Kolkata?
What are some of the travel trends followed by the travel technology companies in 2017?
How does Wanderu make money?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What are the pros and cons of equity based crowdfunding? In specific SparkUp crowdfunding platform please?
What is the process for closing a 4-month-old startup in Hyderabad?
Which startups are making a profit in India?
What are some interesting, up and coming new technology or startups in augmented reality space?
What are some of the interesting startups in India?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is Yoobic?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What are the main things required to start a mobile phone company?
Would video pitch competitions help in bringing start ups closer to big corporates?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
I did a patentability search and nothing came up. Whats next?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What are ways angel investors can make a return on their investment if a company doesn't sell or go public?
What according to you is the most innovative startup?
How can I get funding for your project?
What's a good "higher-end" virtual assistant service?
Did you check out the world's largest group dedicated to supporting IoT startups?
Can one become a Rajput if he/she no longer has the means to find out if his/her family used to be Rajput?
Which POS is better, Zomato Base or LimeTray? Why?
What is wrong with only using operational data to run a business (e.g., revenue, CAC, attrition, etc.)?
Should European Internet startups selling worldwide incorporate Ireland?
A site that started a day or two ago has 150 hits per day on average, and is increasing. Is that good or bad?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Which Mumbai startups have failed?
How can I start conducting startup meets in Hyderabad?
Are there any canned Employee Stock Ownership Plan agreements a 4 employee company might implement for retirement planning?
Which AgTech startups failed?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Is Sydney or Melbourne better for startups and IT jobs?
Why would you still start a startup that has many competitors but only one or two are heavily-funded?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
What are the most promising startups in India?
What if you could make a stock market for people?
How did Israel become the country of start-ups?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Which are the most interesting tech education startups in the world?
What are the best purchasing options that startups can provide to their potetial customers and able to convert them faster to pay-customer ?
What's the great failure behind the great success of the iPhone?
Which are good examples of jugaad (hustle) in startups?
Which Indian startup do you admire the most ?
What would be a good business or way to make 50-60k a year for a single woman from the perspective of an accountant?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
How do I start an online business?
Is it ethical to earn big money in healthcare (healthcare startup)?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How do I get a job in a Bangalore start-ups?
Which were the first few technical people to hire people in a startup?
How is the MeritsInd company?
In what ways can a startup and a public company cooperate?
How many new startup companies are established every year?
What is the required paperwork to open a start-up in the education field? What are the different types of companies that can be opened?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
What are the opportunities for vertically integrated startups with AI as a core advantage?
What EdTech startups are very successful?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
Why was Maple shut down?
What are some opinions about video walkthroughs and normal videos as a way to promote expensive real estate above $1 million?
What kind of startups is not yet available in Malaysia?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
What do you need to see in a startup that has just gone through an incubator program?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
How much does an ordinary pizza shop owner earn in one month?
Which Apple device is best suited to organize work in an innovative startup?
How much should I sell holidays.ai for?
How is Student loan Hero different from other debt management services or startups?
How important is it for early stage startups to have “smart money” on the cap table?
What are some startups in the field of mental health care in India?
Which type of startup could I launch in my village without any investment?
Who are performance tracker EdTech startups?
How does the role of a CHRO/VP of People evolve from a startup to a public company, and what are the changing challenges to be addressed?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
Is there a template agreement for converting debt (convertible note) into warrants before expiration of the note?
Why are there so many successful multi-billion dollar tech startups?
What are some good tips for data monetization for startups?
I’ve been quoted $90k for a website and mobile app for a startup. That’s way over budget. It's already a 'lighter' version. What can I do?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
What is the best CRM software for small startups at a reasonable price?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
How do you think a company like PostJoint built their user base quickly?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
How do I properly monetize my viral website?
How long does it take on average for a startup to progress to a well-established company?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
Should I use the word ‘the’ in a domain name? For example, if I want to register a domain name like dragonsky.com, is it acceptable? Then how about http://thedragonsky.com? Which is better?
How can I prepare my future customers?
Do tech startups that depend heavily on interns fail?
What is the best city in India to start a stand-up comedy career in?
What are charges for attending a startup events in Gurgaon?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Is CodeEval still up and running?
Why does Gordon Miller think that raising money for a startup is a waste of time?
As a marketing-CRM application provider, is a business associate agreement required with healthcare startups that are collecting consumer health data?
Are there business analysts writing about the start-up scene in NYC prior to the first dot-com crash (UrbanFetch, Kozmo.com, Webvan etc.)? Good ideas launched too soon.
What are 3 things you find most important when executing marketing activities in early stage startups?
Is there any incubators in Toronto, that is similar to Y combinator, where you meet people like Paul Graham, who really helped Airbnb to grow?
Have the costs of startups decreased?
How can PR Newswire help in startups?
Why does skin problems occur in men and what is the best way to avoid it?
What are successful educational startups in your country?
Why nowadays are most startups into app-based businesses, rather than being product-oriented?
How profitable is a Kathalaya franchise?
What are some good add-ons a lunch bar could add to increase revenue?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
Should we setup a new company for our product idea?
What are the basics to promote content for startups?
What are the best places for startups in Asia?
Which is the best lead generation companies?
Conversion Optimization: What are ways to get people to convert on your website?
Could a startup that motivates men to get checked for testicular cancer work?
Are there any examples of fulltime ERG network leaders/directors within big companies?
What are the basic problems of middle class people to be solved by start ups?
Why would you join a startup?
How do I build a successful fintech startup based on someone else's white label software?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
Is there any value in building a new Trello competitor startup?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
Where do you recommend to obtain data about the start-up ecosystem in UK?
Should I attempt to launch my startup concept this summer or scramble to find a last minute internship?
Why are startups shutting down so fast?
Are there any competitors to NestAway ?
My startup is about to raise $5,000 each from private parties. What options are available?
What’s the order of major steps in the first year for an application/website based startup?
What help can you give to startups in Africa?
What should everyone know about startups that most people don't?
How do I bring my startup to limelight with less investment?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
What should I do after having an idea for a business?
How can I advertise for a lucrative job for a web developer for a startup in India with a minimal salary but a possible increase in the future?
What is the best platform for flexible, inexpensive explainer videos?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What are the best ways of marketing a startup?
What are good startup companies in NYC or San Francisco for an internship?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What is the best way to start an auction based website like eBay?
Is there a chance to take over a webservice users by having the same service for free?
What Silicon Valley startup that is building consumer Internet products do you see could be the next big thing?
Is Quora a platform for appeasement rather than cut throat truth?
What is Aurdino? And how do I get started with it?
What are the steps involved in setting up a licensed bonding company that could issue contractor bonds or surety bonds or other types?
How did they create Flipkart and Ola while there was Amazon and Uber? How did they copy yet succeed?
How can a startup find new data sources to utilize?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
How safe is it to use a virtual assistant?
What startups are focusing problems surrounding sleep?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What pre-cursors should you look for in a startup to indicate they are to be acquired?
You now have a course on negotiation. Have your employees used the tricks on you? How would you react?
What types of startups is the Israeli startup ecosystem particularly adept at nurturing?
How did the Taboola and Outbrain type of companies solve the ‘chicken and egg’ problem of publishers first vs advertisers first dilemma?
Who does business valuations and what are the basis for such valuations?
What is the advantage of opening a start up?
What are legal cost for London startups?
How much will a startup be worth if it can unite all your school and college friends in 24 hours?
How many startups are accepted to AWS Activate’s highest tier ($100k) every year?
Why isn't anyone disrupting the funeral industry?
How can I start a cyber security startup in India?
Are there startups trying to space mine the super-diamond Earth 55 Cancri?
What is InCloudCounsel? How do attorneys make money on it?
How do I know, when hiring software engineers for a startup, which one is good or bad?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
Would co-working spaces be open from 6pm until 10pm? I'm building an app to connect startups with co-working spaces "after hours."
Are there incubators and accelerators for design-led physical product startups?
What are the best tools and services for generating high-quality B2B sales leads?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
Would Bay Area VCs invest in a Canadian startup utilizing a cross-border incorporation structure?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
Which CA / legal services firm will you recommend for startups based in Delhi?
How do I initiate an IPO of a startup?
How will rental startups be affected by GST?
Is there a higher chance of closing a call center outsourcing deal with startup companies?
Do you have a podcast on start ups?
Why do some startups win?
What are the tips for leasing an office for a startup?
Should startups join trade associations in their seed/infancy stage to build credibility?
Why are there not more startups that change the way dentistry works?
How is a startup scene in UCSD?
Who are some affordable fund formation attorneys in San Francisco / Silicon Valley?
What do you think about a startup called “lazypay.in” in India?
How Online Travel Agency is benefited out of Car Rental Apps?
Which PV manufacturers and start ups in Europe and worldwide are now hiring R&D engineers?
What kind of a support can a startup in Chandigarh get?
Why does Y Combinator accept big startups?
What are the benefits and hurdles of a startup that depend on the government?
First-Time Startup Founder: What is the best advice for raising funding?
How can I get noticed by companies like Myntra, Flipkart, Jabong, InMobi?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Where can I get actual statistics on how many startups failed in 2016?
Which is best classified site in India?
What should the agenda be for a startup with $900K annual revenue, 50 customers, and 60% renewal?
What is the Keil startup code doing in 8051?
Will shutting down Bitcoin help reduce ransomware attacks?
Should I work for shares (no salary) in my friends startup if I believe in the project? What are the pros and cons?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
How can I set up a building material reuse center?
What is the best way to find help building a startup by offering equity?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
What are the options to raise funds for startups in India?
What would be your advise for a beginner in the stockmarket?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
What are some good blogs to follow on the startup/tech world?
What is the TAM for JavaScript framework?
Which is the best place to open a gaming cafe in Hyderabad?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Why do you love working with your company?
What corporates have the best partnership models for startups?
How could I create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology like infinite goblet and other impossible scifi futuristic inventions?
What should the 'Coworking Association' do?
What are the growth hacking techniques that every startups needs?
Anyone familiar with Stripe's underwriting program? What do they do in this department, and is it technical or customer support?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
What is your review of Nebengers?
What does it mean to live life like a startup in India?
In an ideal scenario, what are the most compelling reasons to engage an external recruiter (not a contractor, but an agency)?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
Where can we get information regarding startup companies in Hyderabad?
What customer problems do online custom tailoring startups solve?
What are the biggest problems that Middle Eastern companies have when expanding to the US?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
What are some amazing facts about Y Combinator?
Can anyone throw light on the fintech startup SafeTrade?
Are there plans to expand Gust Launch beyond the US?
What are some examples of successful viral marketing campaigns by startups to college students (besides Yik Yak and Facebook)?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
How do startups setup meetings with high profile VC's and Angels?
How can anyone think of startups?
What should PhD students learn in order to create a startup after graduation?
What are the most promising Israeli startups in 2017?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
What do you think of website development done in an Uber way?
How many new beauty startups are there per year in the US?
How do I hire an employee for a new retail startup company?
How can I get demographic data for a particular startup?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Are there any startups based in Allahabad?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
Is there any app available for the information of international startups and funding?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Why did assemblymade.com fail?
What is India's startup ecosystem / scene like?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Why Instaplus.io was shutted down by Instagram?
What are the best startups in travelling sector?
Is there any way to protect my features from other apps stealing it?
What are the reasons for the downfall of any startup?
What are the disadvantages of using equity crowdfunding to fund a startup?
What are the companies or startups which provides internship in image processing?
Which are the Indian startups that have started making profits or broken even?
Do you have any problem which you want to be solved by internet/computers?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
How car rental software has become more popular in the US and Canada?
My startup idea only works with a large user base. Can I fix this?
I’m 16 and want to start a company in the future. What tech or science ideas would be good?
What is interesting work being done in fintech?
How do I follow the latest trends in the travel technology market?
Why are the Pakistan-Taliban, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Al-Qaeda, etc. considered successful startups in Pakistan?
What is the role of incubators in startups?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
How many employees does Causecode have? And what is the average pay for a developer?
What are the best startups to work in India as python developer?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What are the highest growing startups?
At 19 years old, if funding wasn't a problem, what million dollar business ventures should I seek or start?
How can an 18-year-old boy get into event management?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What should an induction presentation contain for a startup?
How does one find a good angel investor in CEE for SaaS startup in early stage?
What is the minimum amount of retail stores I could have in the United States that would be within a 30 minute drive of 50% of the population?
How did Ankit Gupta, being an Indian, start up Pulse in United States? Is it legal?
Will AI become the future of fintech?
How do you make money with apps if there is already an app for everything out there?
If someone's startup would affect the business of the Indian government, would the government support that startup or not?
Do I pursue real estate or entrepreneurship?
Which are the fastest-growing startup hubs in the world?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Is StartupHawk legit?
What happens when a product is abandoned after a successful crowdfunding campaign?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
What are some of your best quotes in YourQuote?
What are the top machine intelligence startups in Israel?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
What are some industries similar to music which can be disrupted by startups like Spotify or SoundCloud?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
Are parking marketplaces viable startup companies to start?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
Why might Lightfleet's all-to-all optical switch have been abandoned?
How do you tell that a presented business venture, partnership, or business opportunity isn't going to work or generate any profits?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
How do I enlist my startup into the vendor panels of big enterprises?
What are the legal scaling challenges a startup faces?
How much equity is appropriate for co-founders?
What are some interesting startups in the world?
How does a virtual assistant works?
What costs are associated with expanding to a new country?
In this day and age, is it possible to organically grow an online marketplace into a billion-dollar valuation?
In what form should a professor who wants to use his advisee's thesis work in developing a product for his startup give him/her credit?
How many shares can I get in a startup?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I choose between something I’m great at and something I’m passionate about: follow Cal Newport or Ken Robinson?
What are some of the start up business ideas for a 25 year old married women?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the dementia space?
Are there any startups based in India which works on implementing AI in instrumentation or electrical domain?
Is there a way to find startups even before they come to internet?
What are the requirements for starting home delivery?
What are 3 main reasons why a startup is successful?
What are some best startups in Delhi NCR for a business developer?
What can I do for my startup?
Can someone critique my website design?
What is Talview’s interview like? What kind of questions are asked in it for a startup?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What are some of the new innovative startups in Odisha?
What is an acquisition of a company?
What are some profitable businesses to start with 20,000 rupees?
Do you think the Israeli ecosystem is better suited for building B2B startups vs B2C, and why?
Are there any exciting new developments in computer programming with knowledge applications (start-ups, OS)?
What are the largest startups in Europe?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
What challenges have startup product managers found when moving to a PM role at a large company?
What are some high demand computer skills I could learn to earn some money online or as a freelancer?
What should I do while my cofounder builds the first version of our app?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
What is the rise of global startups compared to Silicon Valley?
What exactly do I need to start an Airbnb Management Services?
How long does it usually take for a startup to develop a product with some initial paying customers?
Are there business angels who like pitches through cold emailing?
How many users does Wanelo have?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
To what extent are the incidents and problems portrayed in the series Silicon Valley, accurate or possible in real-world Silicon Valley startups?
What is "cost of revenue" for a marketplace startup?
What is it like to work for the Southeast Asian startup, GrabCar?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Is it possible for me to work 8 hours a day for 6 days every week? If yes, then how?
Which are the most promising IT/software companies that are newly established in Ahmadabad?
What are the biggest travel/photography related companies based in Europe?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
Can you come up with a recent new product example that failed and explain why you believe it failed?
Where can we get information on startups events happening in Delhi NCR?
What is the CAC for insurance startups like Metromile and Lemonade?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
What are the most common reasons for startups to fail in 2017?
Which thing should we keep in mind for a new startup?
If you were to go for a startup in India, what kind of startup would it be?
What is the best strategy to create a powerful legal start-up?
How does Gordon Miller calculate 6B in value created even though his webpage says only 100m?
Why do startups based around bringing like-minded people together fail?
How do I raise capital for a one megawatt power generator that is greener, lighter, more portable and uses up to 30% less fuel input?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What is the best way to market a geolocation crowdsourced based app?
Should I apologize in this situation? I used to work in a startup, before moving to a big company. I worked in the startup for 5 months.
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What are some of the AI startups in Bulgaria?
Why doesn’t AdultWork get shut down?
Why are Nigeria companies not offering IPOs to startups?
How many startups happen in the US?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
How did Citysocializer get their early users?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
How do I hire the right tech people for a startup?
Where can one get the data of startups/any organization?
What are some recommendations for books on startups?
How can I get my startup featured in major publications?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
At what point should a startup invest in their brand, before their proof of concept or after they have a working model and are looking for customers?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
How does a non-dealer get access to car dealer auctions without starting a full-fledged dealership?
What's the number one problem of startups in the Philippines?
How did the rise of startups and the consumer internet change Palo Alto?
What profiles can a non-coder choose in an IT company if he has immense knowledge about any technology and was running a startup which failed?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
How many types of Free Classified sites there in India?
What successful startups initially outsourced development of their product?
What do you think about the startup name: Tintpark?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
What are examples of successful companies that specialize?
What failed startups should be revived?
Which industry is more lucrative for startups: software or internet technologies?
Is Paytm's monopoly coming to an end with 'WhatsApp Payment' that is coming soon?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
What innovative international companies have offices in the Washington, DC area that would appreciate candidates with entrepreneurial backgrounds?
How do I invest in Bitcoin? What all prospects should I consider before investing?
What are the best practices for user testing and research for a startup?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How can I acquire a company on the pink sheets?
How much does it cost to insure my startup?
As of 2017-2018, how is the tech startup scene in Indonesia?
Do you agree with the assumption that it is the weaker actors that often use asymmetric tactics?
Will I have to pay Texas franchise taxes for 2017 when my corporation was established that same year?
What's the best way for a startup to enter a large, established industry?
What is a hot topic nowadays in digital marketing? What do you think about growth hacking?
Which company should I join: product-based or a startup?
Why did collegeokplease.com shut down?
Why would young entrepreneurs consider borrowing funds from a private lending company?
Do you have a WhatsApp group for a start-up business in Delhi?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
Is it allowed to have a shared Qurbani on Bakra Eid?
How should I start a business, if I have 0 money?
What kind of work did you do before you started your business?
What would you consider to be some advantages of starting a tech firm in the Los Angeles area rather than in Silicon Valley?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
What are some examples of companies that grew through acquisitions?
What platforms facilitate a customer to customer phone call for a startup?
Can you recommend a model that will let me estimate how many users / engaged users I need for a review-based app that is useful for its users?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
What is a venture builder?
How do VCs monetize investments that neither fail nor sell/IPO?
What are the business opportunities for selling clean air to polluted countries?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
It is better to work at a service company or a startup company?
How do I use the Heroku platform to sell my app?
How is the length of a product lifecycle determined?
What are some of the start-ups focusing on NLP that take undergrad summer interns?
What is your ultimate vision for Gust? Where is it in the startup stratosphere? Who should use it?
If an 'investor' gives a zero interest loan for a small amount with a first refusal option for later investment, is there a catch?
What are some tactics used by Romans and why/how?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
How is the TrueAlley company?
What is a startup preincubation?
How can I grow my startup which allows people to share their unique recipes & sell them?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What things should I consider before starting a small cafe in Mumbai?
What are the most successful recent startups in India?
What notable companies other than Joyride provide specialty coffee to the office coffee market?
How much is normal spending ratio on computing and database resource for an web app?
Which is the best franchise to start with?
Who is on the board of directors of Google?
Is it a bad sign if a startup is dependent on Google and Facebook marketing for growth?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
The founders of Airbnb and Uber must've known that their services would be illegal in some cities, so how and why did they launch?
Do startups in France have any specific features? For example, do they tend to produce the product from the same sector (IT, retail)?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
I have an idea for a service through a website (read detail below). Do I need to register in some sort of government agency in India?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
How do I get users for my new social network, https://lykup.com?
How does the owner of a managed fund monetize value?
What is the best way to start networking at a young age and how?
Should we launch our mass market service first, or second?
When does any company get acquired?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
Where can I find pitch decks pitching Startup incubators?
I need a company name for our sharing platform. What do you recommend?
How do I approach startups for advertising in Kolkata?
Besides Couchsurfing, what other startups make revenue out of paid profile verification for users?
How do I submit a supply proposal?
What should a beta startup expect from the Collision Conference?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What kind of video production services would you need for your company?
Can we get a formidable startup in India from a tier-2 or tier-3 city?
What is a “startup mentality”? Is it important in all life cycle phases of a company?
What are the three major advantages of using a car rental software?
What are the projects going on at the GoJet Singapore office?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some of the startups that have failed despite having a good product?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
How many people are on a start up team?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
What factors determine the execution quality of a startup?
Can anyone foresee a startup that disrupts Amazon’s business model?
Why do so many people want to launch startups?
How do I manage a startup from abroad?
Where does FreshMenu source its dishes from?
What is the best way to get tax advice or hire tax services for startups in the USA, being a non resident alien?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
What are the major startup costs for a microbrewery?
I’m opening up a petite boutique. Where should I buy my wholesale clothing from?
What are possible names for a startup that creates creative, alternative learning spaces for children and adults?
Would CEO's of every startup firm like to fire employees just before their vesting period?
What do you think of the idea of giving $10,000 to ten individuals to compete to generate the biggest return within 60 days?
How did Poshmark gain traction?
Do Net Promoter Scores matter?
How can I start my builder and civil contractor ship business? I have no experience as I completed my BE in 2016. Should I get experience first?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Why should Quora be valued at $1.8 billion?
Is there a common way for SaaS startups to partner with "traditional" or non-technological businesses to drive sales (e.g. KDS and Amex)?
What do you think of my wine bar startup idea?
Which post-Series A, NYC-based startups are hiring in May 2017?
What are the best ways for a startup to find paying BETA testing customers at a heavily discounted rate?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
What are the top startups that shut down in 2017?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Have you invested in a startup or other opportunity that you discovered on Quora?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
I am a small content marketing agency in CT. What are the laws/guidelines/processes for hiring interns?
How do you get two people to meet who both see the value in differing parts of a deal but not the whole deal?
How did blinkist employees get the most benefit from all the knowledge/hacks they know from the company?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
What is it like working at NRI FinTech?
What are some strategies one can implement to a business that relies heavily on importing consumer goods? Manufacturing products ourselves is a no-go!
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
How helpful is it to be in San Francisco/Silicon Valley for startups?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Who is building the GSTN?
Which startups hire data analysts?
Which startups in Delhi NCR use PHP?
Is internship at BARC important or an internship at a startup?
How do I sell accommodation.ai?
What are some of the best new startup ideas?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
Are pay reductions a common practice in struggling start-ups?
Which Australian city is the best for business/tech startups?
I'm flying in for an out-of-state interview for a job in web development. What kind of questions should I expect?
What is the best site to post ads on every classified ad site?
How do I start an electronics startup company?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
How does aforeseeablefuture.com work?
What are the best cryptocurrency newsletters?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
How important is a healthy degree of cynicism to a tech startup’s execution strategy?
What is the new startup JollyWed all about?
How difficult and expensive is it to start a cell phone company?
Would it have made a difference, in terms of success, if yelp.com had been reviews.com?
What are the licences required to buy/sell electronics/computer peripherals between two states in India?
Is it normal to be issued a common stock based on the converted cap price instead of the 409A valuation?
My startup just got some major press coverage. How do I create a snowball effect to get even broader media coverage?
How can I earn revenue from food startup?
Why don’t early startups give their employees’ salaries on time?
How can I start a business related to carbon nanotubes?
What startup can provide their office for meetups in Bangalore?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
Would you set up your tech startup in the UK or France ?
How do I find the right "partner" to help me develop a concept I've come up with? I’m searching for someone with coding/development experience.
What are the challenges of scaling up an online grocery start-up in Indonesia like Happy Fresh?
Do you currently support startups in Africa?
Is it common to have call rights terms on vested shares in a startup?
How do I start a company in the UK?
You're a startup pitching in a competition. Would it be okay to use a judge’s company as a client example or a target market example?
Why do startups fail? Literature celebrates success cases, and talks little about failures. What is your story?
How many registered users does asos have?
Do startups require skills or good CGPAs when hiring a fresher?
What do you do when you are ordered to sit down and shut up by the son of a friend?
To whom do companies sell their data?
What are India's most innovative content companies?
Is a 2-year vesting cliff common for start-up employee stock options?
What can you do in order to find out if there is a demand for the products you are about to sell on your e-commerce store?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
What are some good responding startup incubators in Hyderabad?
How do I join a startup in Delhi?
Do startups need to re-think their employee engagement?
Why are Russian/ex-USSR photo-processing apps so good?
What is the best way to make a web application/website with your unique idea if you don’t know any programming?
The founders of Thankyou, Airbnb and Uber must've known that their services would be illegal in some cities, so how and why did they launch?
Is it a bad idea to quit my job and attend a coding bootcamp?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What do you think of a startup enabling cultural exchange through cups of tea from all around the world?
Should I learn German, French, Spanish, Arabic, or Chinese? I live in the Eastern European Union and want to create a startup.
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
How many people really got accepted to Y-Combinator's online startup school?
How do I get an internship at an European fintech, being Brazilian? How can I prepare to be a good candidate? Do you suggest any companies?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is the best and fair way to make money as a digital-product evangelist?
How can I purchase a broad inventory of products in small quantities at wholesale prices?
Is it OK to jump into big data or machine learning with the mindset of opening my own startup in the future?
How do startups manage their accounting, especially transactions, for surveys and mapmaking services?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
Who started sellbuybook.com?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Is there any innovation in food startups?
In 2017, which is the best skill to learn for creating a billion dollar startup with venture capitalist funding, iOS app development or web development?
Where can I get legal advice for writing TOS, privacy policy, and cookie policy for my startup tech platform?
Is it possible to create a startup that creates synthetic biology pets of any kind of hybrid combination you can imagine?
Can you name scientific literature about wages/incentive pay in startups?
What services could be offered to startups that makes it grow?
Are there resources to help connect university students with small social impact organizations that would benefit from their expertise?
What are the most interesting startups in the US?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
What do you think about augmented reality App - Gabsee?
How do I decide on compensation for myself in my own startup?
When is the deadline for the next 500 startups batch?
In what different ways can a bank invest in FinTech startups under the preview of regulations?
What are examples of startups innovating the EdTech scene?
In India, can any legal action be taken against an employer who fired an employee without any advance notice?
I'm serving as UI/UX and Front End Dev for a pre-money startup. I intend to get them at least to MVP, likely further. How do I contextualize my value?
Why can’t I use the word "the" in my company name in India?
How did Instagram manage to shut down Instagress?
Which startups are going to use the Station F?
Is it worth using a JavaScript front-end on first iteration for a startup?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
How much in average do bootstrapped startups spend within 2 years?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
How do I make the perfect gig in Fiverr?
What are the best startup networking events / meetups in New Delhi?
What are the mass-media startups in India?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
When choosing an accountancy firm for a startup, does it matter if it is not in the top 100, especially regarding business advice?
How can one start the Visulance camera system?
Is there a platform/community that encourages startup collaboration and partnerships to leverage from each other?
Is it permitted for a public corporation to buy equity in a startup?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
Can I sue Uber in India for not having a customer care helpline or support email address?
What are prominent Startup events of India?
Can I join a startup with an L1 Visa?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
How do startups raise a lot of funding?
Do investors frown upon perpetual special favors to a strategic partner?
Which startups are hiring software engineers on OPT in the San Francisco Bay Area?
Out of 1,000 San Francisco startups, how many of them reach 100 M valuation? What's the overall distribution?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
Where do startup websites get their graphics?
What is the biggest challenge you face that's keeping you from getting your informational ebook out into the world?
Can an audit fee be more than the revenue of a company?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
Should I register a game studio in the UK after Brexit or in the EU instead?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What are currently some of the most innovative media startups?
How can a company's product be it's own stock value?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Since there are lots of startups and developed companies, how can I leave a legacy with my company?
What should I consider proprietary information regarding my startup?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
What are the main things you hire a Virtual Assistant for?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
How can computers be used for improving Conversational skills and Public Speaking?
Has any startup been successful in a rural area?
Has AngelPad accepted any startups without a recommendation?
How do I defer compensation for myself as an employee in my own company pre-revenue?
Are startups only about new product development? Can a startup be defined based on not creating a new product but only on creating a new business model?
What are the Asian startups in semiconductors?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
If you are going to initiate a hacker academy, what will be the curriculum and hands on exercises?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
What is the rate for a virtual assistant?
Where can I find investors if I have a good Idea?
How can I create a website that connects professionals to potential clients?
How do I start writing documentation for our SaaS?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
What startups need to grow?
Who built the Taj Mahal?
Why did Andreessen Horowitz invest in blockchain startups like OpenBazaar?
Is spending time building scalable architecture for a new product (MVP) considered premature optimization?
How do I decide on a name for my first cafe?
Which startups have protest perks?
Do early stage startups really need a brand?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Are you scared of your job security?
How has the VC firm Social+Capital fared since its inception?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
How can I earn extra money while building a startup?
Is it promising to launch a chatbot startup in the healthcare, insurance and public sectors in Austria?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
Who are the leading Berlin-based marketplace startups?
What's is the best platform for posting on every site?
How do I do a picture-framing business?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
What companies in the Bay Area provide a sign-on bonus without a contingency that you need to return it if you leave within the first 6 months?
What is the recommended AWS Architecture for a mobile and SaaS web application startup that’s growing to thousands of users?
How does Apus make money and how much do they earn?
Should cancellations be effective immediately for a SaaS company? Why?
What are the types of programs I should run at a startup?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
How profitable are startup websites?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
What is the most effective way to outsource social media marketing?
When is it okay to 'bang the table' and (counter) attack your negotiation opponent?
Why don't more high school students start businesses?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
How do you dispute attorney fees at a large law firm, if they're ignoring you and sent you to collections?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Hyderabad?
How would denotification assist in circumventing the rules laid by the SC for shutting down liquor shops lying in proximity of NH?
What percentage of a startup’s revenue should be allocated to salaries?
How can I stick to what I do best, i.e., innovate/mitigate/strategize with no involvement in administrative or technical challenges for my startup F150?
What are the best news/media startups in 2017?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
Will venture capitalists like Accel fund us, despite us not being from IIT/IIM? We are from ISI Kolkata and have a solid startup idea.
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Are virtual assistants good or bad for business?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
What do I need to know to start an app that allows users to make/spend money?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What are the best startup ideas on a website base?
How does Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates can succeed in their startup considering they never have any work experience in office?
What's Coollang? What does Coollang do?
Can I publish a research paper if I am a college dropout but working with a PhD hire on a technology that is the core of a biomedical startup I founded?
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
How do you scale interview preparation & mock interviewing products given a low customer life cycle value and a high churn?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
On a scale of 1-10, how difficult are startups? Does it have anything to do with luck?
I want to start a "Home Chef-Cooked" food delivery website. The chefs will not be mine, but registered home-cooks. What permits do I need?
What are trade-offs for joining a series-A startup from a Fortune-50 company?
What are the pros and cons of inviting a marketing mentor to a startup?
Can you create a company in Europe when you have a 3rd world country's nationality?
Is it better to have a partner when you are starting a startup?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What happens if a Crowdcube listed company gets acquired?
How do I obtain a DIN number? What documents are required?
Are there any startups selling spare seats on flights at the last second?
How do venture capitalists generate themes and ideas for things to invest in?
How do I apply for startups in NCR?
What are the fastest growing startups in Cambridge UK?
What are three catalysts that enable innovation?
How would you establish a discounted cash flow/valuation in a seed round?
How do I increase the user base for a product?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
Which online tool/service would get me 100+ new subscribers each month?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
How should the funding strategy for a $5M+ run rate company that started out as a consulting business and moved into a platform play look like?
Could startups be the one to kill the youngsters by eliminating careful thought but encouraging them to engage nevertheless?
How did existence start?
How do I contact investors via their email, and how do I make a pitch by email?
Is the tech startup community good in Alberta?
Is an awesome name important for a startup?
What happened to supplified.com?
Have you heard of BetaBulls before?
How do I get rid of a toxic teammate?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Chennai?
Why do million dollar companies have websites which feel like they were not tested very well?
Where can I find a good business model for startup accelerators, especially FinTech accelerators?
What are the most promising AI and machine learning startups in NYC/Northeast?
What is a great company?
In your opinion, are products that say "Made in Thailand" good or bad?
Is brand value anyhow related to the IP of a company?
Is it reasonable to create a start-up to develop websites for businesses?
Who are the investors in Juicero? Are they experienced investors in the Nutrition Startup arena?
Why do many late night food delivery businesses fail?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Are there equity crowdfunding platforms that focus on early stage startups (idea, pre-product, pre-market stages, etc.)?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
How do SaaS start ups create customer segments?
What are your thoughts about this brand on a first look?
What would be the best method, guideline, or procedure for hiring an attorney service for a startup app or website?
What is the most innovative start-up in India? Why?
Who are the top influencers for startups?
Does working at an early stage startup always mean stock options?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
Does a startup require a micro, small and medium enterprise (MSME) certificate or registration while applying for registration of its trademark?
How are salaries of employees set in startup companies? From where will the salaries come in a startup?
Why are a number of ecommerce businesses going down?
As of April 2017, what are Quora's biggest challenges to ensure its growth and sustainability?
How do I make a deal with hotels as a startup?
Would it be a good idea to transport goods in tubes?
Who is the most affordable immigration lawyer (or service provider) who works with Finnish startups?
Why do some applications start with an invite-only option?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Do startup incubators help in product development?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What potential complications are there with a Hong Kong corporation giving material equity to a US Citizen?
What is EnGrip?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
What are good ideas about analytics services?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What key changes are taking place in startup funding, and how is Gust aligned with these changes?
How can a PCM student learn about entrepreneurship online?
Are Flipkart, Snapdeal, and Paytm ruining the Indian economy?
What are the essential bookkeeping items an online startup should track?
How is your startup going?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Who is the startup boy Raja Ashu?
How will Alibaba Help Local startups in Pakistan?
Can business owners list all their failed business attempts that lead to that one success that they can be proud of today?
Why do working class people vote Republican against their own best interest?
How can I start a company? What are the certificates and registration a food startup should have?
Which spacecraft system startups have been doing interesting work lately?
What are the products and services which are good for doing a startup or a business in the agriculture area?
Is Thankeyou's new trips feature gaining traction?
What are some good, possible creative names for a tea point I am about to open in Punjab?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
Is there still anything obsolete left in the market which can be improved by an app?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
How can I open a startup company?
I have been approached by a much larger competitor who would like to buy our company. Should we accept the offer?
How would you redesign the steam train for getting awesome steep hill traction?
What are the most interesting and innovative tech startups in India?
What is Thumbtack doing?
I have an idea of a platform that helps you sell products using a ticketing system. And a draw for one winner of the tickets’ buyers. Is this lottery?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
How can I still accomplish with the same software idea (data visualization) and startup I had before?
How is the Inlumen company?
Splitwise introduced the emojis feature. What do you think about that?
Vendors are refusing to extend credit to my startup, what should I do?
How do I open a petrol pump in Karnataka?
To whom must you show your startup plan?
Why did Quincy Larson not join Y-Combinator (non-profit) for scaling Free Code Camp?
What do people think of this new startup shopping website called Hugme (www.hugme.in)?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
What position(s) could someone interested/experienced in the humanities fill at a company such as Facebook or Google?
How do I get funding to set up my office in Ranchi, Jharkhand - through government initiatives or banks?
How is India positioning itself in the world’s startup ecosystem?
How do I start a crowdfund property investment company in the UK?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Are there any safety concerns for a US start up company in China?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What was hot in Silicon Valley in May 2017?
What are some of the best negotiation tactics only a few know about?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
Are there any tech startups or companies that allow product managers to work remotely?
Why are many Quora users observers only and not real contributors?
Should I accept a great startup offer and give up on the chance to work at Google?
How can I start a successful directory listing website?
What happened to Stremor Corp (stremor.com)?
Is OnePlus a successful company?
What are the duties of a company secretary?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Is hiring an agency for startup product development a good option?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Were there any true startups before the advent of the internet?
What are the yearly and start up costs of a big game or large mammal (e.g. the "big 5") sanctuary with 5 or more resident animals?
How can I build this business relationship with a major business?
Who are the best merger and acquisition consultants for startups in India?
Should I go to UIUC, UMich, or UCLA for undergrad CS?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
What comes to mind when you hear the term "data-driven VC" or "data-driven venture capital investing"?
What is the most profitable business to make with 1000$ capital?
How can I forecast the revenue of a mobile gaming app from in-app advertising, considering it will have 40,000 monthly active users from India?
What does “chalkschools” do?
What are the best companies to sponsor startups?
Can a large company like Amazon retain a startup mindset?
Which are the good new startups plans in Indian agriculture?
Which startups in Bangalore and Delhi are taking interns?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
How does 500 startups pick companies for its seed program?
How does a company get acquired?
What are some of the key elements in a successful playschool / playgroup center?
What is the base amount of shares one should give to prospective tech startup hires?
If I gave you $10,000, could you generate a profit doing anything you'd like with it, within 30 days?
What's a business that can make millions?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
What do I need to know to create a fintech company?
Where can I get new startup data?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How are traditional associations evolving or getting disrupted?
Has anyone used Loom to hire developers?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
What are some of the most interesting Cambodian tech startups that are active today?
Which are the most innovative asset management start ups?
What is it like working at RocketSpace for a startup?
How important is your startup's product for your growth hacking?
What are the fintech/payments startups to watch out for in Israel?
What are the best startups in Philippines?
How does valuation work in series A funding?
How do you choose a name for an online learning business?
What are your thoughts on the Foundr magazine?
Is it essential for a tech startup to be innovative, or will even selling WordPress services be regarded as a startup?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Why are Nigerian startups not disruptive?
How do I hire world-class talent in a third-tier city?
What steps should a Canadian SaaS business take in order to legally operate in Texas?
How can a startup company find a good area for using a drone?
What are the limitations of bootstrapping?
Can Google be said as a startup company?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
What kind of people would buy a product-oriented startup's product?
What is the perfect time to shut down your company?
What are the most concerning issues for IT startuppers?
Why don't big banks invest in start-ups, like VCs?
What is the best way of naming your startup business?
How can I find an investor who is willing to invest at his own risk?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What startups have used "The" in their name -- like TheSkimn?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
Are there any websites that analyses and discusses the performance of startups or large businesses?
Would you rather be indispensable or dispensable to an organization?
Which one of the big 4 companies (PwC, KPMG, Deloitte, EY) has the best support for startup companies in Germany?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the vital features of the car rental app?
Why did MassPlanner.com did get shut down?
How would you hire talent for your startup firm?
How do I learn movie direction in India? What are the options and ways to learn it?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
Is there a word for the “up” in “shut up” and “clean up” or the “down” in “shut down”?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
If you ask me whether I prefer to be like Bill Gates or Warren Buffett, even given Bill's net worth and to some extent his age, I would choose Warren. What do you think of this?
Next step after thinking about an idea?
What's the process for closing a 2-year-old startup company in Bangalore?
Is it foolish to quit a $150K job for a $100K job at a startup?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
How do I write a business model?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Do you miss your office colleagues once they leave the job?
What are the best start-ups in the UAE?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Could the use of gender diversity quotas in startups with quotas like Pinterest be undermining meritocracy? How does this translate to performance?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
Many SaaS gurus say valuation multiples range from 2-50x based on how 'hot' the start up is. What does 'hot' mean in this context?
How do I select product designs for a fashion apparel store?
How much equity do Israeli startups typically give their early employees compared to American startups?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
What are some start-ups in the outdoor/adventure sports/adventure travel industry in the SF Bay Area?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
How important is differentiation for a startup in terms of an unique tech/algorithm?
What are the best books about performance management in the 21st century?
For a fresher, which is better, an MNC or a startup?
What documents do I need to register my small graphics design firm?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Does Ali Al Shamsi or Gordon Miller sponsor startups in Africa—in Nigeria, to be specific?
Where can I find someone who is interested in starting up a design firm?
What are the reasons that makes a startup interesting or desirable for a growth hacker or business developer?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of startup incubators and accelerators for companies/products with no customers?
Does Gordon Miller invest in pre-revenue startups?
Why does Replica, the startup from San Francisco, begin to cooperate with All Turtles?
How is Balaji Viswanathan's startup doing?
In a startup, my investment is 70%. What designation should I hold, CEO or CTO?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How do gluons interact with quarks?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much equity should I ask for as a startup’s VP of Sales?
What should be my reward if I bring (early) investments to a start-up?
How can a startup access 2,500 ounce of physical gold on lease?
Where can I find a list of funded startups in Bangalore?
What are the top 3 tasks of a CMO in a SaaS startup at $1M ARR?
What does SLDC do?
Is there an academic journal about startups?
If you had a dream team of mobile engineers, what product/framework/service would you start building now?
Does NYC have a good start-up scene or should I directly move to San Francisco?
What startups that were acquired by another company had a very simple business model?
Where can I find startups to join as a web dev?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How can I help my 18 year old son who created a company in the USA (we are from Europe)?
How do services like Beyond Pricing and Guesty work, if Airbnb hasn't opened its API yet?
What went wrong with Rocket Internet?
Do employers wish that they didn't have to finance retirement plans like the 401k?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is a typical incubation time before a tech startup reaches profitability?
What is English Ninjas?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
Will an EV SSL certificate have a great impact on a newly published online store?
Why do some companies use "well, we're a startup" when asked about certain completely ridiculous things they do?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
What are the responsibilities of the COO in a tech startup?
Who is on the board of directors of Facebook?
What are some startups in the video game industry?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
How do I become rich in the span of 2 years?
How do I get investors for a FinTech company?
After selling your startup for $4m, is it absurd to want to do an MBA?
How does Founder's Fund's performance compare to A16Z's?
Can Athens become the next start-up capital of Europe?
What are the aggressive startups currently in expansion mode in Hyd and Bangalore?
How do I remotely shut down my child's iPhone?
What's the best article you've read pertaining to your job in the past month?
How many startups are in the online appointment booking space?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
Does a catchy story determine the success of a product?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
What is the best new start-up in your country?
What happened to specout.com?
Are sales useless?
What should I choose as a fresher - a job at TCS, a startup working on web development (Angular and Node.js), or a startup on Android development (ADF by Oracle)?
How do the liquidation preferences of SAFEs vs Notes operate in practice?
What do you want to see from pre-launch startups?
What are the vital properties of an e-commerce app for the travel industry?
How do you excel in a result driven startup?
How can I become an ideapreneur in order to kick start a good business?
Why is it hard for a company doing same as Uber to beat them?
I'd like to hire a virtual assistant. Do you know of a forum where I can ask questions, chat with other people who hire virtual assistant, and understand best practices / tools?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Are huge successes just made out of deception?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
How can I respond to a specific part of an article on Promethea?
Would you fire a good employee if you discovered that he is living at the office?
What are the best startup seminars/workshops besides Startup Weekend?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What would be good startup names that mean 'Humanpark'?
Is there any Indian startup which can connect me to actual software developers who can guide me to acquire skills?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
Is ICO (Initial Coin Offerings) the future of startup funding?
What are the minimum and maximum requirements for a founding team to apply for the 500 Startups seed program and the Series A program?
How do I open a company?
What is your favorite startup in India and why?
Is there a practical guide for what one should look for when signing someone else's Material Transfer Agreement?
What are the qualifications for a startup?
How can I convince an experienced professional to work with me on a startup?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Is a start up still a starup if the idea has been used before but still not common yet?
What are the most interesting fin-tech startups in 2017?
I have an idea for a new product. How do I discover companies who can produce this product for me?
What is the comprehensive list of start-ups in the field of Neuromorphic Engineering?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the year-to-year trend of venture capital investment per capita in the U.S. for the past 50 years?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Are there any tech startup internships in Pune?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are some hot startups that failed in India?
Should I learn Android development or hire an intern as I want to develop an Android app for my startup?
Are there meaty, managerial-level roles in tech/health startups for business development?
How do I should develop a startup in Tourism for China?
How is DuoLingo doing financially?
I am an aeronautical engineer. Should I accept an offer in aviation services in a well established concern or stay in design services in a startup?
Is 10% stock okay for a technical cofounder?
What Chinese city has the highest number of tech startup?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
Which part do I start first, for a startup business?
I have a pvt ltd company registered in Australia with only two employees who are working in India. How do I calculate taxes on their salaries?
Is there any chance that Upwork may shut down?
How can a US/China startup with an ethnically mixed team of 20 professionals successfully build a company culture that emphasizes clear communication?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the best videos to watch on Startup Growth?
How much does it take to start open air cinema?
Do you need to be funded to build decent startup traction?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
Can a gaming cafe/lounge be successful in Chandigarh? How should one go about building one that would be successful?
Which is the best digital marketing course in Berlin?
Why do people bother with startups when they have to compete against large companies?
Is it common for start-ups to use a company like ADP for doing payroll?
How do I start up a moving and hauling company in the Atlanta area?
How can I get more users for my ed-tech, chat bot startup?
Are business competitions foolish for startups?
What is the most user-friendly crowfunding platform for a medical device/test? One that takes the least amount of time possible to raise funds.
What books are popular within India's startup ecosystem?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
Are there any startups which would pay me to learn Machine Learning and AI?
How did startups like Flipkart, Ola, Paytm, SnapDeal get media attention through news material and advertising to became the talk of the town?
What are some of the best hacks to make recruiting easier?
Should I start my company in Los Angeles, Seattle, or Austin?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
Are there meaty roles in tech / health startups for business development?
Do investors frown upon pre-MVP / post Series A startups outsourcong some of their tech development?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
How can non-compliance impact startups?
Which Y Combinator-backed start-ups are hiring software engineers on student visas (F1) in the San Francisco Bay area?
Which sort of startup does the world demand right now?
What should my pay be as a college student starting an startup?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are some unknown but amazing business models?
What are the major drawbacks of starting the service based company?
How did PostJoint get their users?
Is it possible for an individual to start a company like what Beme (Casey Neistat’s company) is doing now?
Is it a good or bad idea to first let my web service be 100% free for all users and then after some time, the users have to start paying for the service?
What may happen if I start a business by leaving my job in an MNC and it fails? Is there any scope for returning back to the MNC?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
With the proliferation of FinTechs, how will the investment banking landscape change?
How do I apply for Startup Village (VIZAG)?
Would a question to critique my site be considered as spam?
What's the best international startup industry?
What are some Sucessful startups that had great ideas?
How do I prompt someone in a business email?
Which are some interesting sports startups in Chennai?
What is your successful startup story?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What are some good events for a startup company to organize for undergraduate students?
How do you know if you're being too picky with startup hires?
What’s the best way to punish startups like Pick My Laundry?
What is the good alternative to extratorrent?
Why does Internet Explorer keep showing up on startup?
Is GoDaddy best for startups?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How can my startup survive in this era, where a new startup is created every day?
We are releasing an app for the first time. Should we add "beta" to our logo and in the description, to let people now that the app will have bugs?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
How would you improve or revolutionize Amazon?
Which start ups in India are currently hiring (April 2017) software developers with one year of experience?
How did Quora manage to spend $80 million in just three years?
What is an IoT startup?
I'm a student creating a startup. What do I do now?
Does Y Combinator accept Chinese teams?
How do I start to set up a new startup in the service industry?
Would organizing video pitches be a good way to stimulate corporate startup collaboration?
How many employees should an application or website-based startup have in approximately the first 6 months?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How is venture debt in a capital structure perceived by VCs?
How would you define the difference between “a community” and “a network” of people?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
What are some good event management startups in India?
How does a startup create an Option Pool prior an Angel investment?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
Is there any start-up in Africa that has reached a billion-dollar valuation within a few years like Snapchat?
What are the pain points of the startup accelerators?
How would you describe the impact UI/UX designers can have on the world?
What is the best way to move Outbound Leads to Inbound?
If you were to start up/invest now, what idea would you work upon and how?
What is the best way to network at a tech startup meet?
What are the main advantages of using car rental software for your business?
Why do so many startups choose Berlin over Switzerland?
Should a business fit your personality?
What is good advice on selling a subscription service to universities in the US?
What would be an interesting research question about growth hacking for a MSc thesis, with focus on my country’s startups?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
What career can I pursue after doing a BTech if I have knowledge of startup finance?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
Which hosting provider offers the fastest dedicated servers for mobile apps?
How do I respond to an email from a VC who's interested in my startup and tell them I am busy now?
Is 'Exiament' a good name for a company?
Why do tech startups fail?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
What educational startups do you know?
What are the major factors that compel strong actors to use asymmetric tactic?
How can we raise funds for the construction of a primary school in a village in India through social networking sites?
What are the features that make car rental software important for your business?
What are startups in railways?
Are there books/communities/thought leaders for startups focusing on process innovation?
After you incorporate a tech startup (S corp), is any work that you and your co-founder had done up to that point the property of the company?
Is startup culture growing in India? If so, is it limited only to Bangalore or is there a startup culture in other cities as well (like Hyderabad, Noida, Pune)?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
Are there any strategies for hiring sales reps for a startup based in a non-English-speaking country?
Is one million USD enough to start an animation company from scratch?
In which ways can startups work to have a positive social impact?
What could be the solution to IoT companies that bully their customers?
Is there any WordPress plugin for building a database website?
How can one decide whether his startup will succeed or not?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
How is InMobi doing now?
Did billionaire Bill Ackman make $15 million off the sale of Sprout?
Is $2 million too much to ask for a startup?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
What is the first major industry which digital disruption will change radically?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
Is Neo4J literally free?
How has Change.org's product evolved over the past couple of years?
What are a few lesser known but successful startups in India?
Where does a startup’s board of directors typically meet?
In Capital Cities’ Safe and Sound, was the building shut down for good?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Which are the blogs featuring startup stories in the USA?
Does a startup have to be an IT or tech company or can it be something else?
What are some examples of successful companies that took a long time to go public?
Why are most Indian startups rip-offs of foreign startups? India has a different set of problems. Shouldn't they work on solving them?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Where do most web startups fail?
Are any startups hiring deep learning/machine learning candidates who don’t have experience in these fields but want to learn?
How does Go-Jek's marketing strategy work?
Have there been any successful startups in the field of chemical engineering?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
What dramatic pivots have Israeli startups gone through on their way to success?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
How do I obtain a GST/VAT number for my startup?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
How do I start a doorstep mobile service in Chennai through e-commerce?
What are the most innovative startups in Berlin in AI, Fintech, IoT or drones?
What is it like to work in Apolitical, the startup?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
What are the things one should do after 12 to start his own business?
What is the GlobeRanger company all about?
What are some of the ways your startup accelerator is better than the leading one (currently Y Combinator, in the spring of 2017)?
How do I start a company like Foodpanda and MakeMyTrip?
What kind of information is compulsory while selling a cards game in India?
What is the typical investment amount for an angel in a pre-series A startup?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
What are some examples where innovators left to do a start up only in order to be acquired by the old company?
Will a startup help me in cracking an IIMS interview?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Is omnism a good alternative to religion?
Do companies like McKinsey, Bain, and BCG consult startups? What are others?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
What is a movie you like that most other people don't seem to like?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How would you estimate the total addressable market size for JavaScript developer tools?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
What precautions should be taken to establish e-commerce startup?
Why do some startups pay for co-working spaces? Why don’t they just bootstrap from home?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Coimbatore?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
What were the most important things on which you spent your startup capital?
Why isn't there an app to map org charts based on Linked In data?
Is there any way to find the startup who needs marketing?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
If Xerox did not show the GUI to Apple, can you project what may have happened to Apple (1980-2015)?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Is Bryan Manduca on Snapchat?
Whose permission is required to start up an company?
How would a beautiful website influence buying decisions?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
What are the benefits of having a CrunchBase account?
What are the challenges in working for a startup?
Why doesn't Luxembourg have a tax incentive scheme for seed investments in startups, such as EIS and SEIS in the UK?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
What are the best projects to develop in order to develop a region (district) - to create a socio-economic benefit for it?
What are the benefits of using tailoring software for your tailoring business?
Which is better to work for, UrbanClap or Zomato?
Which startups are hiring summer interns in Bangalore?
When will computers become so fast that a Java server will start up within a second?
Which startups have operations in both the Bay Area and India?
Is it possible to make business alone in robotics, more precisely flying drones?
Can anybody help me fund my healthcare startup?
How do I master my detailed business model for the start-up competition?
Which promising disruptive products or startups have been killed by the incumbents in the telecommunications and satellite industries?
Is tellyouridea.com a scam?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Where can I search for companies that are looking for international sales representation/distribution?
How should a startup compensate an advisor that helps raising money?
What are some big mistakes that startups make with their company name?
In tech companies, what distinguishes genuine growth/change pains from dysfunction and chaos?
How can I maintain my online marketplace without charging too much commission?
Our profit-earning startup is not growing in spite of planning differently. How can we grow it?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
What should be the salary breakup for an 18 LPA CTC to pay zero tax?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How many of you are interested to join a startup which help students of rural/small town background in choosing right career/college?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
Which is the best way to run a startup makerspace, as a non-profit or for-profit?
What companies in Pune offer high incentives for sales? How high are the incentives?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
Can I manage my startup with YIF?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
What is the most promising company in the US?
How does an employee in an early-stage (pre-Series A) start-up in the USA protect the value of his earned equity when exiting the startup?
Should you start a company based on your passion?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
How can I find startups looking for funding in India, the Middle East and Africa? I’m starting my own business since I have investor contacts.
What are the benefits that an employee gets if a startup gets funded? Assuming that there is no ESOP.
We were paid by some academics to build some software which we continued to build upon and now has many new features. Who owns it?
Is a business man good or bad, if he bribes an officer with 100USD, but later his foundation provides free education to 1000+ poor children?
Where can I find people to invest in my small business?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
What are some new trends in startups?
How do emerging social media platforms build a user base/grow their user base?
What are the specific features of car rental apps?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are the biggest ideas in fintech?
What is the best startup in construction?
Is there a forum for Instacart drivers?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What is the best business/law firm that is focused on startups in Canada?
What are the top food tech startups?
How do you empower creative professionals?
How many interviews are taking place in Bangalore in a day?
Do you think that being famous and successful in sports, film or political industry gives an edge/easy entry in entrepreneurial/startup world?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Should I open a startup in Goa? Is Goa the best place for startups or not?
What benefits does Gordon Miller get from investing in startups?
Regarding Silicon Valley Season 4, Episode 1, how did Russ Hanneman know Richard wasn't passionate about the video chat startup? Can investors really sense this?
What are the reasons some startups fail? How do you prevent them?
I have an idea for a start up. Now what?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Virtual Assistants (people): What do VAs cost?
What are the promising startup options in biomedicine and healthcare where deep learning can have a huge impact?
What does the typical day look like for an account executive ("salesperson") at an SaaS startup with under $1m ARR?
Has ExtraTorrent permanently shut down?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
What are the challenges of building a data team at a startup?
Are Americans living in India interested in a startup?
What accelerators have pilot projects for startups?
What is the best way to shut down a histrionic personality? I don't need him for anything.
What was Hubspot's minimum viable product like?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
Who would be your first hire for your e-commerce start-up?
Why do early startup employees accept less than market salaries?
Which startups are thriving at working remotely?
How is content generation for VR/360 videos going to happen?
Which startups had success launching internationally?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
Have you heard about www.classybazar.in? This is one smart startup.
Which are the famous startups of 2016?
Which startups in AI/ML domain are looking for interns in Pune?
When should one really kickstart a startup in order to watch it really grow?
What advice would you give to a young entrepreneur who’s starting an internet-based company?
A startup with no product, just an idea, wants to make me an employee for equity instead of pay. Should I be a cofounder?
Would you call your startup the name that it already is called in Denmark (Holding SA)? It was created in 1988 and now is earning $88 million in revenue.
How important is a legal team to a startup company?
What are the best startup companies to work for in India?
What are the best websites to keep track of all the new medical startups?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
How would I convince an intern to drop out of university to join a startup?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
What is a start-up that I can do that will be successful (100k+/year)?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What are the most creative ways to use import.io for startup growth?
Is it a good tactic in e-commerce to source products from your competitors and re-sell them in order to see which products move?
What are some solid tips for building a winning pitch for a client?
How can I approach a famous website in order to create a partnership with them?
As we are a startup advertising agency, my question is, "who is the right person to contact at corporate to do work with them? How do I do this?
How can I get started with GHCJS?
How do I find the proper adviser for a tech startup in Canada? Are there any recommendations?
How do big companies acquire small companies? What is the method of payment and how is the transfer of ownership done?
Is the crowdfunding space contracting as of 2017?
Do you think it is a good time for a startup in China?
Is there an Airbnb for storage in China?
Where should I locate an energy efficiency startup?
Why is it hard for African entrepreneurs to get funding for their startups?
What is the highest CPM you can recieve for a gaming app in India?
Which registration option is best for a startup?
What are your top problems/requirements when it comes to deciding on software house to build a software for your company?
What are the low-investment businesses that a student can start on a part-time basis which can later be expanded if needed?
Any good names for technical startup?
What is the current state of Marc Bodnick's startup?
Which is the best product management course in Berlin?
What are social and cultural trends influencing startups in Uganda?
When is the best time to work with startup companies?
What is the significance of the tech world picking up meditation as a self improvement and social proof technique?
Which school offers better entrepreneurship resources, Harvard or MIT?
What specific startups were profitable during their first year in business?
Is it possible to almost guarantee success in a startup?
Why do millennials love Fintechs, which help them to save?
What are successful US startups made by foreign founders?
Does Vancouver have a tech startup scene?
Can a tech company sell user's data to other's without adversing?
How can consumers shut down big banks so they no longer have to pay for the mistakes of the rich?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
What are the things people in the IT industry fear the most regarding their careers?
Is there any hope of a revolutionary technology startup obtaining injunctive relief after competitor patent infringement?
What would you fear if you received an application from a sales guy to a marketing position?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Are distributors obliged to distribute a product at a price set by the manufacturer?
What do you think about the online employment "fit" assessments?
I want to attend startup events in New Delhi but can't find them. How can I get to know about them?
Can I see what a privately held company was sold for?
How can we persuade Netflix to produce a show, on a startup ecosystem?
As a web/mobile app development startup (providing app development services), what was your most effective client acquisition strategy?
What's the first major step of making a startup company?
How do I apply for Infuse Ventures?
What are some India-based recruitment startups?
Has there been a declining interest in joining tech startups in New York, as of 2017?
How are valuations slashed and who has the right to do so?
Are there any startups looking for Summer software interns in the DFW or Austin area?
Who are the biggest robotics players in Central Europe?
Can Industrial and Production Engineering help if in the future I decide to start my own manufacturing business?
What are the hottest European startups of 2017?
What are the problems Harsh Snehanshu faced as an author that he intends to solve via YourQuote?
Is CDN Business Investor Corp. legit?
Can occasional free bagels/donuts & coffee buy employee loyalty?
What is a social startup?
Which startups are currently hiring for sales and marketing in Hyderbad?
How can I start up a travel company?
What advice do you have for a team founding an economics-focused, non-technical startup?
Where can I find a listing of information security startups looking for cofounders?
What are some benefits of tech startups going international quickly?
Won't self driving cars ruin Uber's network effect?
What startup should I do for robotics?
Have you ever experienced a peer review process that you loved? If so, what was that process and why did you love it?
Are there larger companies that attempted to acquire Quora?
What's the optimal short-term strategy for an early-stage consumer internet startup?
How can I dropship to Somalia profitably from AliExpress or Amazon?
How do I find a psychology student or professional in Bangalore who might be interested in working in a stealth mode startup?
How do consumer startups find their initial users?
What is the typical attitude toward failure within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Why do youngsters prefer working under someone instead of going for a startup?
How do I open a digital marketing center?
What are the things that you need to take care of when opening a deep learning startup in India?
What will be the impact of Brexit on the tech and startups scene in the UK?
What happens to employees if a company is acquired? For example, Lazada was acquired by Alibaba. Were their employees laid off?
I'm a 17 year old kid looking for capital for a tech startup. Any idea how it's possible for me to even step in to a VCs office? And any ideas on how I can pitch my idea?
Should I use Kickstarter for a product with a low startup cost?
Can Europe startup apply too?
What are some famous and growing startups in Pune?
Which startups are currently looking for a software engineer with one year of experience?
Would it be possible to build a decentralized blockchain-based service like Uber or Airbnb, which could not be tracked or/and regulated?
Is putting fliers everywhere the best way to get quick traction for your app on college campuses?
What are the best MBA programs in UK with an "technology innovation and entrepreneurship" focus?
What is the use of project report for startup?
What job functions are the most important for a rapidly growing web/app based startup?
Do HR people ever get jealous while recruiting people with much higher salaries than them? Do they ever feel underrated?
What are some web/tech startups in Nepal who have been running actively and are big?
What are your views on Elon Musk and his company Tesla in the context of this article published in ‘The New Yorker’?
There are many startups emerging into the market. What are some new and uncommon ways through which entrepreneurs can enter the market?
Should I join LinkedIn or a start-up?
What are the different ways to structure co-founder terms when one founder is providing the initial seed investment?
What is the differentiation between OTAs and direct booking features?
Can the amygdala shut down emotions during anxiety or extreme strees?
What are some new and amazing startups around the world?
Where can I find startup blog sites?
Can I have a successful startup if I'm introvert and I don't have any friends?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
Which startups are hiring Drupal developers in the Mumbai area?
As a just started engineering business, what is partnership and when do I need partnership?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
What are the small and efficient softwares that can be used to preparing functional requirements of small software?
Should I be worried about the "unlimited holiday" policy at my new job?
How do you evaluate if the startup has some life? Should I continue working on it if I get 2 clients in the first 4~5 months?
What are the websites where a startup should have its presence?
I hate my growing startup. What can I do to get back on track?
Should I trust a top patent firm to work with even if they also work with my competitor in the medical device industry?
What is stripe valuation?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What would be an innovation in a food startup?
Will Quora invest in me if I start a similar site in another language?
What was the valuation of Sprig during its $45M Series b?
How would you describe working at a startup from day one?
I'm a college student with an idea for an app, would students from other colleges with programming ability be interested in joining me?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
Can one person launch a tech-startup (selling a software product) with his/her own resources that is just enough to serve the first 100 clients?
Should early-stage financial startups join trade associations to build credibility?
What are some good education-related startups in India?
What are the logistical issues that startups face?
Where can I get advice on a start-up? I can’t type something long here.
What are some great data science based insights?
What is the best way to recruit great sales people for a startup when your resources are limited?
How can I grow my business of incense sticks?
How do I find the technology insights for the startups?
What do you think about the startup name: "Blitzpark"?
Should I steal a potential co-founder’s idea?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
What benefit (besides happy employees) is there to issuing an all-employee option pool from a Series A before a Series B? What's the downside (besides founder dilution)?
What is the best startup with 0 INR?
The buffer explained how things led to the departure of two of its key people. How did the investors feel about it, considering the "little exit"?
How do you build a successful startup/business?
How can I become a senior manager in a flat hierarchy organization?
What are some interesting startups in UP?
How do I develop a complete backend for a startup website and an Android app that needs constant iterative changes? What language should I use?
What are some cool looking logos of start-ups?
Can you ever be sure your startup is going to succeed?
What are the best digital media startup blogs around?
Who are the most active investors in Luxembourg based start-ups?
What do you think could be the next billion-dollar startup?
Which mutual fund should beginners invest 3000 per month in?
How and how much can I invest in startups in Bangalore, and what is a list of startups in Bangalore?
How do I prepare for a startup in 6 months?
What are “iB Hubs”?
What are the most interesting new Internet companies?
Why isn’t successful Indian startups like Flipkart, Ola etc expanding to international market outside India?
What are the best sustainable businesses for schools?
Where can I find the guidelines for opening up a 50 bed hospital?
How do founders / co-founders in a startup make decisions?
What is the fuss about Slack? Why do most startups love it so much?
At which startup or MNC will Aman Goel work?
Are there any aerospace startups in Pakistan?
Are UK app marketing agencies worth the money?
What are the tactics that men use while they are in jail?
Are there startup learning tools?
How does a startup handle liquidity crisis?
Which are some famous startup that got R.I.P. status?
How does someone get 2k-5k for a startup?
How do I do a news startup in India?
What are the pros and cons of working in corporate spin-off startup versus traditional startup?
What are the best ways to reach out to Dallas/Texas Digital startups?
What is the best type of restaurant to start with?
Are B2B startups less entrepreneurial?
What law firm for a startup would you recommend in Israel?
How can I test if an employee is a perfect fit for a startup?
Where can I read the new York times article about Uber's psychological tactis with drivers?
How do research based startups make money?
After I have registered my startup company, what is the next step?
As a final year postgrad: if you could choose between working for your dream company or founding your own (with VC) what would you choose? Why?
Should I (H1-B visa in USA) master my interview preparation (as it would help me find a job soon if my startup idea fails) or should I jump on my startup idea first?
Theoretically, I have $100. Would it be better to use that money to try to build an online business or invest in the stock market?
Which lawyer should I hire to help with my startup's securities offering?
If you have $500 & you're in a country like Morocco and you want to start a profitable business, what are you going to do?
What are the best startups for business development role in Bangalore?
How many businesses should one be involved in at a given time?
What are your experiences hiring “fans” as associates for your company or startup?
Should a Mexican startup need to be set up in the US to get US investors?
Where can I find lists of startups rejected by incubators?
Which are the healthtech startups in Bangalore?
Does Gordon Miller invest in space exploration or related start-ups? If so, which companies?
When are the post-April 2017 deadlines for the top startup incubators - Y Combinator, 500 Startups, and Techstars?
Do you think product oriented startups often struggle with their inventory management?
What are the responsibilities of the head SCM in a startup?
Did Quincy Larson start freeCodeCamp with a partner?
Should more startups plan on being international from the beginning?
Are there some differences between startup and start-up?
Which startup business is best in Bangladesh?
Do founders of failed startups still maintain their dead startup's IP, products, and resources?
How good is your government at helping startups in your country?
Besides Chris Sacca, have any top VCs closed their firms at the peak of their success?
How is working for a startup?
What are some remarkable products born at hackathons?
What are the lucrative industries for startups?
What is the difference between interns and ambassadors?
How AI startups must compete with Google?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
How does Silicon Valley feel about Facebook's lack of creativity as it constantly steals ideas from startups?
Why do terrible companies raise so much money?
What start-up networking events are happening in Bangalore, for free?
How do you define the basics, foundations, fundamentals, and elements of business?
What is best reference book for business legal matters?
What are the most innovative retail tech and analytics startups in India?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
You have 2 lakh rupees with which to live your life. How will you live?
What are the hottest startups in 2017?
Which startups are hiring marketing undergraduate freshers 2017 in Bangalore?
Where I can get summer internship 2017 in Ahmedabad?
How can I connect with other startup founders in Los Angeles?
What are practical tips for scaling a service startup (that thus far has been just the founder) without compromising quality and losing control?
Would you recommend getting an MBA?
Is Istanbul friendly for tech startups?
Where is a good place to find employees or partners for a startup?
Is there any interesting startup or technology in the area of parts and services in the construction/agricultural equipment industry?
Why do businesses shut down?
What do people think of Jason Calacanis' podcast This Week in Startups?
What if this item could change the way you travel?
Is there anyone who has been fired from a startup and didn't get a job after that? What will you do now?
Should a startup concentrate more on product innovation or marketing?
When is the best time to sell a startup app?
Can Canadians invest in US early start ups as non-accredited investors?
How much does a good business valuation cost for a startup?
Do you still use virtual assistants?
How much does eShares cost to use?
What makes a great startup name?
How do you build an Internet Company without a Technical Cofounder?
What are the requirements / permissions / etc to start upda food truck bussiness in UAE?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
Why do chemical-related startups fail?
Do you really have to be passionate towards your startup?
What would you suggest for starting a startup?
How do you start a bottled water business?
How do you evaluate a start up for full time employment nowadays, after many start ups have gone dry of cash?
Job security in soctronics .Is it a start up or medium company?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
Which startups are based out of Mumbai?
Why do you need to register a company?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
Are there any innovative products for a business startup?
How do I find an Australian wholesaler for this pedal bin, www.bigw.com.au/product/house-home-20-litre-pedal-bin-denim-blue/p/WCC100000000427337/?
Do you need a business degree to found a startup (non-technical)?
What are obstacles many startups face in the first six months of business?
Can a startup take legal action against an employee who joined one of their client? Also, should the startup go about publicly defaming the employee?
I’ve spent 2 yrs in code testing/automation (Deloitte) & 2 yrs in backend support/dev (IBM). I’ve also learnt frontend. What career moves can I make?
What are the things a person should consider before naming his/her startup? Does the name of a startup really have an impact?
What are the chances of a startup in the dancing field being successful?
What are the best startups that provide internships on app development in Hyderabad?
How do you start a detailing business?
Is getting a Bevi machine worth it for a (small) startup?
What are the biggest challenges startups face, thanks to the internet?
What franchises for startups give good profits?
How does the startup scene look like in China?
How important is structure in a startup?
How does a big company estimate a company's worth when taking over?
What should be my strategy for a startup?
What is the importance of working in a startup?
What are the successful startups in your region?
Is the employees’ union required if the company is going under a loss?
Where can I find a list of startups' WACC by sector?
I need to hire someone to work for me. What are the next steps I need to take?
Why don't giant companies just buyout their startup competitors?
If you have one piece of advice for startups that are looking to engage corporates, what would it be?
Which Indian IT company was the first to identify the opportunity in the IT sector?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Where is a site that I can post free classified ads?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
How should I get started on Botanics?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
Why have most of the on-demand moving and furniture delivery startups disappointed their investors to date?
What is the best way to find Clojure talent for a startup?
Is creating a website equal to creating a company?
When you started your tech startup, how did you go about finding your team?
What type of company is Airbnb?
Is there a government entity offering free legal advice to small businesses/startups in UK/London Area?
What is a startup’s story?
What are some of the things I should work on in order to start a startup?
What do series A, series B and series C rounds of funding mean and on what basis are these chosen?
What do the growth rates of high-growth fintech companies look like in the early years?
How should I price an MVP for a test pilot?
Can I take over a start up company? Is it too difficult?
What is the best startup business for out of pocket money for the handicapped?
Are there any websites or organizations dedicated to collaborative working, learning, and problem solving through large-scale projects?
Why are many of the startups tech-based and not based on daily needs or anything else?
How are the members of the SSB board appointed?
What criteria should be used to evaluate a company name for a startup or rebrand?
What are big French companies that deal with innovations?
What are the best startup incubators and accelerators of 2017 in the world?
Which problems in India can startups aim to solve?
Can I make a messenger app that allows users to import their contact lists from other messaging apps?
Which is better, own 50% of a startup that makes $200k annually or work for a well known company and get paid $100k annually?
What are the non-tech hiring trends for NYC-based startups as of May 2017?
What is better for a Computer Science fresher, companies like Capgemini/Tech Mahindra or any startup through eLitmus?
What type of businesses are most likely to go for content security solutions?
Can you sell a startup, then make a new startup similar to the one you sold?
How are startups in India doing sales?
How can anyone save money on brand growth & offline marketing?
How can I create my first educational VR project?
Why don't online programming startups succeed?
What are the top AI startups in Israel?
What are the best startup businesses for a beginner?
Where can I get a list of new start-ups in China and America?
Is there a crowd sourcing community which can help me solidify/provide critical evaluation my revenue model for my start up?
How do startups like 99acres.com & housing.com deal with the local brokers?
Why do so many Google employees quit to build their own startup?
Are there any startups working on a better alternative to MS Access?
Why don't people consider Garrett Camp a start-up visonary?
Do you know of any startup that failed because of execution?
Why is أراجيك - AraGeek not writing about my startup application?
Why do most startups of India fail? How can the success rate be improved?
Do you know a startup that has an innovative way of using referrals as a method of attracting new users?
Is there a company registration service for tech start-ups (like Clerky.com), for Europe and France in particular?
What are the responsibilities of the Center Head of a startup for a cloud-based service provider company?
What do you think is the world's most needed startup?
How much should we have for a startup company?
What is a service that I can deliver over the net?
Do most U.S. businesses support Obamacare?
As entrepreneurs, where shouldn’t we ship to (e.g., knockoffs = Hong Kong)?
As a non-EU citizen, can I register my company in the UK and operate all over Europe?
How do I setup a startup in Bangalore?
Which are the top startup companies of Bangalore?
How do I find office space in Mountain View for a small (<5 people) startup?
What is your story as a teen entrepreneur, and which company did you found?
How much equity do you give a co-founder at different stages of a startup?
I would like create an startup-friendly ecosystem in my town-region. What are your best tips to achieve that?
What's your experience with having your girlfriend/boyfriend as a business partner or cofounder?
Which are the startups I can work with for free on the weekends?
Where can I find communities/forums of startups in the Philippines?
What are the best hiring tips used by the startup companies?
Which startups are working on the IOT in 2017, especially in Asia?
What startups have been founded or cofounded by former Zappos employees?
Can a startup launch its product (first release) outside of its country?
Have you ever bypassed HR and onboarded someone for unofficial work at your company, or have you worked at a company yourself in such a capacity?
What are some good books on founding a startup?
What is the best way to prepare a business plan and an exit strategy for my biomedical device start-up?
What does a startup do to have successful communication?
What types of skills and expertise is the Israeli startup ecosystem most adept at fostering?
Which role do business networks play for start-ups?
How did big startups like Limeroad approach the sellers and vendors in the beginning?
What are the metrics that signify P/M fit?
How can I start multi-channel order management service company?
What are the perks of a result driven startup?
What startups embrace transparency besides Buffer, GrooveHQ, and Baremetrics?
How do I start a non-profit science organization?
Should I have a bearded or clean shaven look?
Does a curated office furniture rental/rent-to-own startup make sense in India?
What companies use SharePoint?
How do you predict revenue for a startup?
What are some examples of mergers and acquisitions?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
What's the purpose of a AAA loan?
What are some good startups a CA can do without coders and technology?
Could you be the world’s biggest food producer without a single farm?
How many startups survive?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
What is going to become the next multibillion dollar company?
What is your opinion about young graduates starting start ups?
Where can I get good ideas for a new startup?
Where can I find startup company sales support?
What is the impact of an acquisition (M&A) to the value of the ESOP vested shares?
How can I find sales & marketing startup companies?
What are some tax deferred retirement options for founders?
Which degree is better to do a product-based tech startup, and what is a good plan? I am 26 years old without a degree.
How can we do advertisement for startups company?
Why wasn't Breitbart shut down?
How do startups know how to run a company?
How can a starting clothing brand get money to buy stock quickly?
If you are from Mumbai, are you interested in being a part of a furniture startup?
Who are the best people to speak to regarding diversity in Berlin for startups?
What are Y Combinator's weaknesses?
Can I start a company in my 2nd year of engineering? Is it risky?
What is the lowest equity you have seen for a co-founder at a seed stage?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What are all of the active self-driving car startups (2017)?
What is the induction process at startups?
What do investors look for in a new startup tech business?
Which side should I go, purely startup or established startup company with 3 years experience?
Which startups fail continually, and why?
What are the most underrated tech buzzwords?
What are the opportunities for health care startups in Canada?
How are you changing the world with your startup?
What are some interesting startups in the Internet space?
Who should I send my unsolicited application to?
How do startups like Spinnin' Records and Trap Nation grow?
How does one outsource research?
Which is a better scheme, US SBIR or EU SMEI?
Is a lack of time or money the bigger determinant when deciding to give up on a startup?
What are my odds of raising $5mm capital for a FinTech start-up in the US market?
How do I start working on a startup project that requires the government’s aid and alliance?
Which type of business you can start in Morbi, Gujarat, India?
How do you deal with a co-founder who is painfully narcissistic and controlling?
What are essential components of any tech startup, and can you define the roles they should play pre-launch?
How do I make a successful startup in India?
Why hasn't Uber created advertising partnerships with drivers?
Which companies can collaborate easily with startups?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
What are the main challenges of hardware-based start-ups?
Where can I get a list of startups by WACC by sector?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
Our small startup is recruiting and we immediately disqualify candidates who haven't even tried our product before the first interview. Is this good?
Can a Canadian start a company in the US if he/she is backed by VC investment?
Which is better for traffic attribution and tracking, Branchmetrics or Appsflyer?
Are all businesses a form of exploitation?
If you are a founder of a startup, should you go to a small local incubator, a Y combinator, or choose something entirely different?
How does a LLC qualify for business research tax credits in the US?
As an entrepreneur, how do you manage the nihilism with all the obstacles a startup typically faces?
What suggestions will you give for a new website for improvements?
Which types of start up companies have the best returns and responses?
Are there any US or European tech startup accelerators that provide accommodation for the foreign participants?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
How many users does Tencent have?
How can I remain motivated while working on a startup?
How good is Snapchat?
How do I stop believing that posting to social media is attention seeking?
An early stage startup is offering 20,000 shares (~0.5%) equity with $1500/month for 1 yr for its first key marketing hire. Is this appropriate?
How can I get a first 1,000 users for a virtual sports betting platform?
What is the best example of an American company that was failing and bounced back to be successful?
Are job boards considered tech startups and do they have valuations?
Have you ever walked out on Tony Robbins because he's bullshit, a scammer wanting to make lots of money on poor people?
How do I get clients for my startup company?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
How can I expand my namkeen (packaged snack) business in another city of India?
What are some ways to advertise a startup offering lessons in software especially to people interested in the tech industry?
How does AWS help businesses increase growth, drive efficiencies, and reduce costs?
What are the benefits of using cap table management software?
What value can I add to a mobile app startup as a non-programmer CEO?
If you have a high-growth startup and want it to be acquired for around 50M by Facebook/Snapchat, how do you start the process?
As a newly established LLC, is it fairly simple to attain a loan for startup purposes?
In 2017, which is the best wireframe/mockup/prototyping tool for creating mobile apps for a newbie?
What is the best way to pitch to Canadian Accelerators accepting startups through the Start-up Visa Program?
Why do startups give away so much equity for funding?
Are there more scandals in tech startups than other industries?
How should you approach MCI, in the case of a shut down of your college?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
What data would you be interested in seeing about startup culture?
In which state/city should I launch my insulated bottle business (with custom engraving options)?
Are there any US based startups that offers a normal 8 hour work shift for a software person?
Considering Donald Trump's decision to lower corporate tax from 35% to mere 15%, how should India react in order to stay in the race for Start-up India?
What is the optimal equity structure when bringing on a co-founder at the pre-seed stage?  
If I gave you $10,000 today, how would you turn a profit on it in 30 days?
How does e-commerce business work?
What are some similar companies like mywbut?
What are some strategies for succeeding as a developer at a start-up?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
Which tech Indonesian startups that distribute equity to their employees?
What kinds of regulatory challenges do startups in the food and beverage industry face?
How do E-commerce companies like Flipkart, Jabong, and Amazon make money?
How can I build a stirling engine?
How do I calculate the perfect valuation for a startup company? What are the factors which should be considered while calculating the same?
Which are some of the most interesting fintech startups in Asia in 2017?
What will be right choice for fresher to join a company whose stack is Java and IBM WCS or another company that use Python and Django?
How do I penetrate a market that’s already got big names in it with my technical startup?
What is the lowest cost to hire a virtual assistant for startups?
Is it okay if a company's core business doesn't have a profit margin?
We are on the verge of an early release of our enterprise product. What should we ask in return from customers for getting into an early access program?
What are the three major mistakes of travel companies that affects their growth?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the IOT space?
What is the best unheard of startup success story?
As a Java developer with 5+ years’ experience, why should anyone choose a startup over a well established company?
What's the best way to identify great early-stage startups in Victoria (Australia) for an accelerator?
What competitive advantages does Amazon Restaurants have over food delivery companies like GrubHub and UberEATS?
Why are some big companies buying out some startups when they can make them by themselves easily?
What are some thoughts about this startup, Sky Shelves?
What are some notable manufacturing startups in India?
What do you think is the purpose of working for Instacart as a shopper or driver? Is it for joy, social contribution, flexibility, etc.?
What are good tech talk aggregators?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
How do I calculate perfect Valuation for a Startup company? What are the factors which should be considered while calculating same?
How much should I ask for funding if my test prep business generated 10K, with only 5K by me writing the content alone for 5 months?
What are the advantages of a CRM start-up?
How do I write a proposal for an MVP after my client approved my presentation?
What are the best business ideas to start an online rental business?
How do I choose the right startup to work at?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
Should every online businessman think about e-commerce or online marketing similar to what VirtualOptim-like companies are providing?
What have been the most challenging parts of launching Cafe X?
How good is Nicaragua for a startup?
What internal KPIs do designers track?
What does Axon do?
What do you know about startups?
What are some latest innovative start-ups made of Wordpress?
How did PostJoint build their user base?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
How do you find companies that can help you manufacture domestically when you don't have that much money?
What sort of stories are told to pass along knowledge within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Which startup has weathered plenty of storms and is now living up to its hype?
How do I determine your KPIs?
As an entrepreneur or founder, what is the best way an attorney can add value to your company?
What factors are taken into consideration before a company makes an ICO?
When do you decide to close your startup?
How can I execute faster on my startup?
What companies have failed in the last 2 years?
What are the best payment solutions for startup companies that can be used for conducting a contest, e.g. 99designs or naming force sites, etc.?
Where is the best place to register a tech startup for crowdfunding?
What about the company Daikin?
How many departments has Modi planned to shut down?
How do I make travel bookings using Google Travel?
If a product is illegal in your home state, can you still sell it online if you only offer it in states where it is legal?
What's the difference between Bleeding Edge and Holo Edge when talking about emergent tech?
Do you know how much it costs to make a wheelchair for a disabled person? I need the mechanism, lift system, and wheels to participate at the startup Thessaloniki.
What are some cheaper alternatives to UserTesting.com?
How do I get users for my new social network site www.palripple.com?
What are the most effective channels to hire quality interns for a startup in Singapore?
Your startup is gaining traction, you’re partners with the tech giants, and you’re making money. Why sell?
How is the startup culture in the UAE?
Is anyone interested in joining a startup technical blog?
What minor problems can be easily solved?
What are some growth hacks for startups other than SEO?
What are the best upcoming industries for startups?
How can two founders be the most productive when starting a start-up?
Do I save tax if I buy startup stock options (private) and hold it for one year? The startup is located in California, US but I work at the India branch.
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
Do you have to be a tech graduate to run a tech startup?
How can I automate double-opt in introductions?
What is the good alternative to ArtofLiving Silence Course?
How do companies comply with regulatory policies when acquiring another company?
How can I get solid investments for my business plan that will be generating 9-figure profits 3-5 years from now?
What is the best PR/marketing agency for startups in US?
What are some real good startups that help in solving different problems?
How does AND CO compare with the Wave Accounting apps?
How do I prepare a presentation for an advertising startup?
Where can I find great writers to contribute in my online magazine ?
Is it okay to focus on my startup and eventually leave my 30 lakh p.a. job at TCS
What are the best startup tools to launch your business?
What does a successful startup mean in India?
Why do startups in food product distribution with less investment fail in the USA as compared with other countries?
Aside from a refresh (more ISOs), are there other customary ways to award startup (private) employees, after their initial shares have fully vested?
How can Facebook just steal whatever Snapchat features it wishes? Where is the protection for disruptive startups?
How does one create a position for themselves at a very rapidly growing medical startup?
When documenting a development for a tech startup, what information should be included?
Who are the best fintech marketers?
How do you determine stock valuation with a high tech start up?
Is it easy to get insurance bond for a startup project?
Are there any startup incubation management software?
Which is the best place to intern in Chennai for programming?
As a 19 year old student, should I start a start-up software company rather working as an employee?
What are the next steps after a small business agrees to buy your software product?
What are the best books/articles/papers on building a successful startup founding team?
Where can I find a mobile startup advisor with a good network in the Bay Area?
How do I make a startup product that actually makes a business with 5 lakhs?
What kind of business can I start in Pakistan with 500,000 in capital?
How does a hiring plan increase my startup valuation? Does that mean I need to minimize my headcount?
Why is healthcare IT/tech companies so far behind compared to everyone else?
Is there a community for entrepreneurs in Delhi/NCR where all struggling founders and cofounders can meet and discuss? (Not the virtual ones.)
Which companies compete with Suedzucker AG?
Are you aware of the video Q&A startup Whale? If so, what do you think about using their service versus Quora?
How do I find the first customer for a team of engineers?
How do you get someone to create a demo video for your startup?
What are some successful startups?
What kind of startup can I build as a PT?
How do I build a blockchain application network from the ground up?
What are some good news blogs covering Chinese technology and startup scene?
Are most Googlers really the "smart creatives" they are made out to be? Do Googlers feel like frauds every time that phrase is used around them?
What is Y Combinator's value proposal for entrepreneurs?
What is the difference between Test.io, Applause, Testlio?
Are there any angel investors or mentors on Quora who can help guide me with my startup?
What are you looking for in a virtual assistant?
While redesigning a website at a startup, what should the roles of each team member be?
What are the successful startups in India?
A VC recently shared that VP of sales is one of the most critical hires in a startup. How many different VP of sales should be interviewed?
What is the best ratio to allocate funds in a startup related to fashion accessories?
What should be my startup plan?
What are the key differences between Elon Musk and other entrepreneurs?
What is the success rate of chatbot startups?
What epiphany could you monetize on?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
What are some companies like Antalis?
Would someone buy your start-up in the future if your tech team is based overseas?
How can I prove my credentials to an investor, if I am self-taught and don't have a college degree?
Can I get a high amount in VC investment presales? So far, I have done it all with self-funding (software company).
How can an IT startup acquire customers?
Are there meaty roles in tech / health startups for business development, and what could be a good way to get into it?
Why did Zomato acquire a POS startup, Maplegraph, and not an established player like LimeTray?
Is there a "gold standard" VC law firm for establishing a new fund in SEA? Looking for a Cooley equivalent in Singapore/Indonesia/Malaysia.
What are some manufactures or distributers I could use for an urban general store start-up?
How diverse is the typical Israeli startup team?
What is the best type of contract agreement for an international product distributor, licensing or equity?
How do I get a team to create a startup in Indonesia?
Which are the best startups of 2016 in India?
Our startup made $200k in revenue last year. We're looking for $500k investment. How much equity should we give away to our investor?
What is a VO company?
How can Android apps bring startups into the limelight?
How can I create a niche website for failed startups (like yourstory.com)?
Which steps lead to a successful startup-PR?
What are some challenges cross-border tech startups face?
What are some tech startups that focus on the sports industry in India?
What did Coinbase with the investments they received?
What is the best way to market services to restaurant owners or PG owners?
What's the best new industry for start ups?
What certifications or requirements are needed to have a newly invented medical device covered by a customer’s insurance?
What advantages do medium-sized companies have over both small startups and big companies?
When a company is acquired, why won't the new owners rename it?
How should I incorporate my start-up company in London, if I was building the next Facebook app?
How can I convince suppliers to join a startup marketplace?
What according to you is the next billion-dollar startup?
Did UberPOOL actually pair you with another rider during the initial beta?
Have you ever felt fear or anxiety when starting a company?
If a startup is making $100k annually with 75% net profit, approximately how long will it take for that startup to make $1M annually?
How can a US Startup (C corp/LLC) manage salary and stock options for Foreign Independent contractors?
How has the Internet changed (or not changed) the way startups grow and succeed?
What are the products and services which are good for doing startup or business in fisheries area?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
Performance reviews/raises in well funded startups - how does it work?
Is there any innovation in food start-ups?
Are there any sites where startup investors are reviewed?
How can an MBA student be successful in his business startup?
Who are the best producers of startup explainer videos for difficult concepts?
What are the top mechanical engineering startups in India?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
Is the Uber CEO basically a scumbag in regard to the privacy of his users?
What do you think of the idea of a food startup at IIT Roorkee, providing snacks and drinks at a decent price and staying open until 4 am?
I would like to start a software startup focused on India, APAC and ME region. Technology is not constraint, which product could be developed?
How about a story sharing community like Quora, where you can write a story title in the question, and someone else will write a story in the answer?
What is the process for startup and standup?
My friend is 24, he is a tech CEO at a startup that made $500k last year. Is this considered a big accomplishment in the US?
If someone from a different country copied my startup idea (or product), in which court should I file a case against him?
Should I call sktcho.com a startup?
What are some startups in online cloth stitching using AI?
OK, So I've got 31 days to make 1M USD, 2 people willing to work round the clock and 50k of capital to invest. What would be the best way to do this?
What should a startup consider when deciding whether to make it to Silicon Valley?
What are business incubators in Paris?
What is a a good compensation package for a salesman in a startup?
Is it okay to entertain offers from multiple investors before making a decision?
How do I write an effective elevator pitch?
What is your review of Skiplagged.com?
What are the top startup events in Delhi? How frequently do they take place?
What is the best startup Gordon Miller has invested in?
What should I do to keep my website running with low cost? I am running out of budget.
How do virtual assistants charge?
What is the use of virtual assistant?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
How often do Apple App Store team reach out to developers?
What are some ways to start a business?
How are things going at Prenetics? Are they in trouble, or nearing the breakout, or somewhere in between?
What are the first quotations to be asked to determine if a startup/idea is good or bad?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Can you help name our Cloud ERP for a small business startup?
What is startup matchmaking sites missing?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is fin-tech, and which companies or startups are the top ones?
How do new startups get financed?
How do I figure out the financial needs for my startup?
What are the industries or market niche you're working in?
Does Canada have a plan to promote the creation of tech startups to possibly have different companies with a worth as high as the tech giants?
How do I start affilate marketing?
What should I do when not founding the right sales manager?
What percentage of the company does the CEO of a mid-stage startup typically own?
Where can I learn how successful startups succeeded in the past?
Why don't people invest in more impactful startups, aka, those outside the realm of social media and Internet apps and more deep tech?
Is it necessary to do engineering to start a successful startup?
How do consumer web startups gain a lot of users fast?
The CEO of my startup is pressuring me to release a half-done job. What can I do?
What are the biggest challenges faced by the Finance Function in the Digital age?
Can I call a big company, therefore not a startup, a "concept"?
How does Quincy Larson make money?
Can anyone refer a "lead generation" company that will target newly formed business and anyone who may need a business plan or video designed?
What are some easy ways to increase sales?
How much time does a startup take to completely grow?
Would investors want to invest in a startup making only $120k a year?
What role should governments play in investing in startups?
What startup do you operate, and how did you think about doing this?
What startups in the Boston area are most likely to explode in 2017?
What are start-up companies?
Why is it that people are attracted to exclusivity even if it is inherently worthless?
Would you participate in a competition where I give away $10K to ten people, where the goal is to generate as much return as possible in 30 days?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
Would data privacy laws, such as those of the EU, have affect tech startup valuations?
If you had a magic wand, what's the one thing you would change about your company?
What type of plastic industry would be best to set up at the moment?
Should I use a crowdfunding agency?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What was a rapid startup?
How did you build your first user base?
Why has YourQuote not found investors yet?
When were PowerPoint decks first used in startup pitches to VCs?
Can I wear sweatpants every day?
How easy is it to find a Finance for a startup in Nigeria?
What are KRA's of a valuation engineer?
Should I hire an agency to run demos and qualify my inbound leads?
What brands or services did you use to furnish your office?
What went wrong with Shotpitch, founded by Prashanth?
What are some fast growing healthcare startups in India?
Are startup companies good to work for for females?
Should I help my parents or focus on myself first?
Who is an affordable hosting and email provider for a startup?
Will an online bespoke tailor work best in the Indian market today? If not, what could be the disadvantages?
How do I find an awesome technical co-founder for a bootstrapped startup?
How do the YC founders get paid versus the partners?
What do people think of investing in India?
What are the metrics in marketing everyone should know?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
I got an idea for a start-up. What next?
Under what circumstances does it make sense for a startup that has already raised a seed round to join an incubator/accelerator?
Do you need to be funded to get decent traction as a crowd sourced app whose revenue streams (egg) won't work until there is a large user base (chicken)?
Why aren’t there many innovative startups coming out of India?
How do I get two people to meet who together will bring different skills to support my business?
What do you think of Elon Musk's AI startup Neuralink?
What is the best way to find customers for my new business. How do I do it?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
Which startups in your country founded after 2015 are the most interesting to follow?
Can I, as a non-US citizen, "work" for my US company from my home country?
In a startup, is it better to assign supervision roles from the start or to promote emerging leaders as you go, when it comes to the sales team?
For a customer-orientated software development business startup, with a $50k budget, what tools would you buy?
What are some startups in Chennai offering summer internship in 2017?
How do I find industry specific content blogs for my startups?
Are there any good startups (with embedded/firmware jobs) in Silicon Valley at all? There are so many in San Francisco but almost none in Valley.
How do we handle a competitor which is providing similar products and services at a much cheaper price but with really bad quality?
What's the most successful startup entrepreneur persona, in terms of age experience and so forth?
Which companies are the top ten insurtech startups?
Is it true that a salesperson makes the worst CEO?
What's the best start up incubator in Singapore?
How should a startup with S-corp tax status compensate its executive team, outside of the normal cash compensation?
Who are Axon's competitors?
Do I need any experience to start a company?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What is the role of technical lead in a start up of less than 20 developers?
How can I get an internship at a startup that is working on Java? How will I decide which startup is good for me? I am going to Bangalore.
Most successful Israeli tech startups are acquired. Do you think an Israeli startup will ever become a market-dominating global brand?
Where is the best tech start up space in New York?
Would you like to use a service which takes your damaged products from your home and get it repaired and then bring it back once it is repaired?
What does Gordon Miller mean by "it's all about partnerships" regarding startups?
Finding a tech co-founder and sharing 50/50 or just outsoursing my Airbnb-like development startup? I can hardly afford outsoursing.
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Pune?
What is the general startup pre-series A spending distribution should be?
What are things to consider when starting a Professional Services team in a SaaS company?
If you could have one of the behemoth tech companies help you with one thing for your AI/ML startup, what would it be?
What is the reason that startups fail?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
Is the textiles business in Surat a good choice?
How is it to work at Zomato?
What is your software startup inspiration story?
What do owners of successful small businesses want from their bank?
What are some entrepreneurial stories of resilience?
Is there any economic advantage for a business to employee a bathroom attendant?
Does location of a startup matter? Is it feasible to prefer a tier III city over a tier I city as a location?
How is the startup investment scenario in Kolkata?
How does Wanderu make money?
What are some of the travel trends followed by the travel technology companies in 2017?
Is there a conflict within the startup if one person's title says "Founder" while the others say "Co-Founder"?
Are there any successfully crowd-funded products above $1000 in reward price?
What are the pros and cons of equity based crowdfunding? In specific SparkUp crowdfunding platform please?
What is the process for closing a 4-month-old startup in Hyderabad?
Which startups are making a profit in India?
What are some interesting, up and coming new technology or startups in augmented reality space?
What are some of the interesting startups in India?
Which startup industry has the highest chances of success?
What is Yoobic?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What are the main things required to start a mobile phone company?
Would video pitch competitions help in bringing start ups closer to big corporates?
How did Elizabeth Holmes raise so much money for Theranos on a blood-testing device that was not effective and had zero credible track record?
Are there any reasons why startups have not been launched in any particular fields?
I did a patentability search and nothing came up. Whats next?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What are ways angel investors can make a return on their investment if a company doesn't sell or go public?
What according to you is the most innovative startup?
How can I get funding for your project?
What's a good "higher-end" virtual assistant service?
Did you check out the world's largest group dedicated to supporting IoT startups?
Can one become a Rajput if he/she no longer has the means to find out if his/her family used to be Rajput?
Which POS is better, Zomato Base or LimeTray? Why?
What is wrong with only using operational data to run a business (e.g., revenue, CAC, attrition, etc.)?
What are some good virtual assistant websites?
Should European Internet startups selling worldwide incorporate Ireland?
A site that started a day or two ago has 150 hits per day on average, and is increasing. Is that good or bad?
What are some startups that had good ideas but failed?
How do startup founders find contract web developers and are they satisfied with the results?
Which Mumbai startups have failed?
How can I start conducting startup meets in Hyderabad?
Are there any canned Employee Stock Ownership Plan agreements a 4 employee company might implement for retirement planning?
Which AgTech startups failed?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Is Sydney or Melbourne better for startups and IT jobs?
Why would you still start a startup that has many competitors but only one or two are heavily-funded?
What are the techniques and sources to figure out sales, cash, and pricing of small private companies and startups?
What are the most promising startups in India?
What if you could make a stock market for people?
How did Israel become the country of start-ups?
Are Israeli startup founders more or less likely to remain in control of their company compared to their American counterparts?
Which are the most interesting tech education startups in the world?
What are the best purchasing options that startups can provide to their potetial customers and able to convert them faster to pay-customer ?
What's the great failure behind the great success of the iPhone?
Which are good examples of jugaad (hustle) in startups?
Which Indian startup do you admire the most ?
What would be a good business or way to make 50-60k a year for a single woman from the perspective of an accountant?
What is the best way to get my start up noticed?
How do I start an online business?
Is it ethical to earn big money in healthcare (healthcare startup)?
Where should a 17 year old work my summer job if I plan on becoming an entrepreneur?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
How do I get a job in a Bangalore start-ups?
Which were the first few technical people to hire people in a startup?
How is the MeritsInd company?
In what ways can a startup and a public company cooperate?
How many new startup companies are established every year?
What is the required paperwork to open a start-up in the education field? What are the different types of companies that can be opened?
How did your content consumption habits change after your business was established?
What are the opportunities for vertically integrated startups with AI as a core advantage?
What EdTech startups are very successful?
What are the key business drivers of food delivery startups?
Why was Maple shut down?
What are some opinions about video walkthroughs and normal videos as a way to promote expensive real estate above $1 million?
What kind of startups is not yet available in Malaysia?
What tools can be used to find high growth startups?
What do you need to see in a startup that has just gone through an incubator program?
Can you name the startups that have been started by law students?
How much does an ordinary pizza shop owner earn in one month?
Which Apple device is best suited to organize work in an innovative startup?
How much should I sell holidays.ai for?
How is Student loan Hero different from other debt management services or startups?
How important is it for early stage startups to have “smart money” on the cap table?
What are some startups in the field of mental health care in India?
Which type of startup could I launch in my village without any investment?
Who are performance tracker EdTech startups?
How does the role of a CHRO/VP of People evolve from a startup to a public company, and what are the changing challenges to be addressed?
How do founders sell startup shares while minimizing signaling risk?
Is there a template agreement for converting debt (convertible note) into warrants before expiration of the note?
Why are there so many successful multi-billion dollar tech startups?
What are some good tips for data monetization for startups?
I’ve been quoted $90k for a website and mobile app for a startup. That’s way over budget. It's already a 'lighter' version. What can I do?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
How much does the area where you live affect the success rate of your start-up? Would you move to a more fitting culture to start a startup?
What is the best CRM software for small startups at a reasonable price?
What are some billion dollar startup ideas?
How do you think a company like PostJoint built their user base quickly?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
How do I properly monetize my viral website?
How long does it take on average for a startup to progress to a well-established company?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
Should I use the word ‘the’ in a domain name? For example, if I want to register a domain name like dragonsky.com, is it acceptable? Then how about http://thedragonsky.com? Which is better?
How can I prepare my future customers?
Do tech startups that depend heavily on interns fail?
What is the best city in India to start a stand-up comedy career in?
What are charges for attending a startup events in Gurgaon?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
Is CodeEval still up and running?
Why does Gordon Miller think that raising money for a startup is a waste of time?
As a marketing-CRM application provider, is a business associate agreement required with healthcare startups that are collecting consumer health data?
Are there business analysts writing about the start-up scene in NYC prior to the first dot-com crash (UrbanFetch, Kozmo.com, Webvan etc.)? Good ideas launched too soon.
What are 3 things you find most important when executing marketing activities in early stage startups?
Is there any incubators in Toronto, that is similar to Y combinator, where you meet people like Paul Graham, who really helped Airbnb to grow?
Have the costs of startups decreased?
How can PR Newswire help in startups?
Why does skin problems occur in men and what is the best way to avoid it?
What are successful educational startups in your country?
Why nowadays are most startups into app-based businesses, rather than being product-oriented?
How profitable is a Kathalaya franchise?
Where can I get office space in Delhi for a small team of up to 10 people?
What are some good add-ons a lunch bar could add to increase revenue?
What are the startup opportunities for a management student? What are some startup incubators that fund non-technical projects?
Does the EU SMEI provide feedback on failed initiatives?
Should we setup a new company for our product idea?
What are the basics to promote content for startups?
How can I build a company like Haight Brand?
What are the best places for startups in Asia?
Which is the best lead generation companies?
What are the basics for a perfect startup?
Conversion Optimization: What are ways to get people to convert on your website?
Could a startup that motivates men to get checked for testicular cancer work?
What are the basic problems of middle class people to be solved by start ups?
Are there any examples of fulltime ERG network leaders/directors within big companies?
Why would you join a startup?
How do I build a successful fintech startup based on someone else's white label software?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
Is there any value in building a new Trello competitor startup?
What personality type makes the best entrepreneurs/startup founders?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
Do you have any plans for a startup?
Is hiring a virtual assistant expensive?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
Where do you recommend to obtain data about the start-up ecosystem in UK?
Should I attempt to launch my startup concept this summer or scramble to find a last minute internship?
Why are startups shutting down so fast?
For my MVP, should I hire a full stack developer or front end and back end developers?
What is a good salary to earn as an expat associate in the tech/VC space in Kenya?
Are there any competitors to NestAway ?
My startup is about to raise $5,000 each from private parties. What options are available?
What are the most important points for an early stage startup business plan?
What’s the order of major steps in the first year for an application/website based startup?
What help can you give to startups in Africa?
What should everyone know about startups that most people don't?
How do I bring my startup to limelight with less investment?
Is it too late to start my own e-commerce/drop-shipping website?
Jakub Lokša, when will your startup start accepting customers? I can't wait to try it out.
At what stage did successful tech startups (Google, Amazon, Airbnb, etc.) start working on their branding?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
What should I do after having an idea for a business?
How can I advertise for a lucrative job for a web developer for a startup in India with a minimal salary but a possible increase in the future?
What is the best platform for flexible, inexpensive explainer videos?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
Is the House Intelligence Committee shutting down?
What are the best ways of marketing a startup?
What are good startup companies in NYC or San Francisco for an internship?
How should we arrange the amount for a good start up?
What is the best way to start an auction based website like eBay?
Is there a chance to take over a webservice users by having the same service for free?
What Silicon Valley startup that is building consumer Internet products do you see could be the next big thing?
Is Quora a platform for appeasement rather than cut throat truth?
What is Aurdino? And how do I get started with it?
What are the steps involved in setting up a licensed bonding company that could issue contractor bonds or surety bonds or other types?
How did they create Flipkart and Ola while there was Amazon and Uber? How did they copy yet succeed?
How can I protect myself from being fired by a new co-founder?
How can a startup find new data sources to utilize?
What're the best methods to find grant money for a health tech startup?
How safe is it to use a virtual assistant?
What startups are focusing problems surrounding sleep?
What does Ufora startup exactly do?
What pre-cursors should you look for in a startup to indicate they are to be acquired?
You now have a course on negotiation. Have your employees used the tricks on you? How would you react?
What types of startups is the Israeli startup ecosystem particularly adept at nurturing?
How did the Taboola and Outbrain type of companies solve the ‘chicken and egg’ problem of publishers first vs advertisers first dilemma?
Who does business valuations and what are the basis for such valuations?
What is the advantage of opening a start up?
What are legal cost for London startups?
How much will a startup be worth if it can unite all your school and college friends in 24 hours?
How many startups are accepted to AWS Activate’s highest tier ($100k) every year?
Why isn't anyone disrupting the funeral industry?
How can I start a cyber security startup in India?
Are there startups trying to space mine the super-diamond Earth 55 Cancri?
What is InCloudCounsel? How do attorneys make money on it?
How do I know, when hiring software engineers for a startup, which one is good or bad?
Can you share your start-up story, be it in software or hardware?
Would co-working spaces be open from 6pm until 10pm? I'm building an app to connect startups with co-working spaces "after hours."
Are there incubators and accelerators for design-led physical product startups?
What are the best tools and services for generating high-quality B2B sales leads?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
Would Bay Area VCs invest in a Canadian startup utilizing a cross-border incorporation structure?
How can startups participate in OBOR?
Which CA / legal services firm will you recommend for startups based in Delhi?
How do I initiate an IPO of a startup?
How will rental startups be affected by GST?
Is there a higher chance of closing a call center outsourcing deal with startup companies?
Do you have a podcast on start ups?
Why do some startups win?
What are the tips for leasing an office for a startup?
Should startups join trade associations in their seed/infancy stage to build credibility?
Why are there not more startups that change the way dentistry works?
How is a startup scene in UCSD?
Who are some affordable fund formation attorneys in San Francisco / Silicon Valley?
What do you think about a startup called “lazypay.in” in India?
How Online Travel Agency is benefited out of Car Rental Apps?
Which PV manufacturers and start ups in Europe and worldwide are now hiring R&D engineers?
What kind of a support can a startup in Chandigarh get?
Why does Y Combinator accept big startups?
What are the benefits and hurdles of a startup that depend on the government?
First-Time Startup Founder: What is the best advice for raising funding?
How can I get noticed by companies like Myntra, Flipkart, Jabong, InMobi?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Where can I get actual statistics on how many startups failed in 2016?
Which is best classified site in India?
What should the agenda be for a startup with $900K annual revenue, 50 customers, and 60% renewal?
What is the Keil startup code doing in 8051?
Will shutting down Bitcoin help reduce ransomware attacks?
Should I work for shares (no salary) in my friends startup if I believe in the project? What are the pros and cons?
Is there a way to find startups from the US?
How can I set up a building material reuse center?
What is the best way to find help building a startup by offering equity?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
In which sector I should look for starting my startup which should be profitable, less risky and possiblity of high growth in upcoming years?
Do most people raise a business due to lack of money and then evolve to a higher purpose?
What are the options to raise funds for startups in India?
What would be your advise for a beginner in the stockmarket?
What are the current startups in Kolkata?
What are some good blogs to follow on the startup/tech world?
What is the TAM for JavaScript framework?
Which is the best place to open a gaming cafe in Hyderabad?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of seeking investors for a start-up company?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
Why do you love working with your company?
What corporates have the best partnership models for startups?
How could I create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology like infinite goblet and other impossible scifi futuristic inventions?
What should the 'Coworking Association' do?
What are the growth hacking techniques that every startups needs?
Anyone familiar with Stripe's underwriting program? What do they do in this department, and is it technical or customer support?
Why does Gordon Miller think that most entrepreneurs fail?
My cofounders are doing things behind me, how should I react?
Do founders of start-ups take salaries after getting seed investment?
What is your review of Nebengers?
What does it mean to live life like a startup in India?
In an ideal scenario, what are the most compelling reasons to engage an external recruiter (not a contractor, but an agency)?
Where can we get information regarding startup companies in Hyderabad?
What customer problems do online custom tailoring startups solve?
Which is more likely to succeed: internet startup or software startup?
What are the biggest problems that Middle Eastern companies have when expanding to the US?
What is the way to make a startup with product that demands intensive research?
What are some amazing facts about Y Combinator?
Can anyone throw light on the fintech startup SafeTrade?
Are there plans to expand Gust Launch beyond the US?
What are some examples of successful viral marketing campaigns by startups to college students (besides Yik Yak and Facebook)?
What do those who say, "People won't steal your idea" have to say about Kiko, which was killed by Google Calendar?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
How do startups setup meetings with high profile VC's and Angels?
How can anyone think of startups?
What should PhD students learn in order to create a startup after graduation?
What are the most promising Israeli startups in 2017?
Is there evidence of a strong correlation between which primary programming language a startup chooses and that startup's chance of success?
What do you think of website development done in an Uber way?
How many new beauty startups are there per year in the US?
How do I hire an employee for a new retail startup company?
How can I get demographic data for a particular startup?
What is the the most successful software company ever founded by a non-graduate?
Are there any startups based in Allahabad?
Why do startups not recognize their key business driver?
Is there any app available for the information of international startups and funding?
Should I take risk to join a brand new startup?
What is the best option to split roles between 2 cofounders of an internet retail startup, before funding?
Why did assemblymade.com fail?
What is India's startup ecosystem / scene like?
Do I really need working experience for my startup?
Why Instaplus.io was shutted down by Instagram?
What are the best startups in travelling sector?
Is there any way to protect my features from other apps stealing it?
What are the reasons for the downfall of any startup?
What are the disadvantages of using equity crowdfunding to fund a startup?
How do I launch a mechanical startup company?
What are the companies or startups which provides internship in image processing?
Which are the Indian startups that have started making profits or broken even?
Do you have any problem which you want to be solved by internet/computers?
What kind of work is involved in business valuation?
What are the articles which are not available on ecommerce sites and can be sold on them to make more money?
How car rental software has become more popular in the US and Canada?
My startup idea only works with a large user base. Can I fix this?
I’m 16 and want to start a company in the future. What tech or science ideas would be good?
What is interesting work being done in fintech?
How do I follow the latest trends in the travel technology market?
Why are the Pakistan-Taliban, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Al-Qaeda, etc. considered successful startups in Pakistan?
What is the role of incubators in startups?
What happens in a startup accelerator?
How many employees does Causecode have? And what is the average pay for a developer?
What are the best startups to work in India as python developer?
How do I make a technology concept project documentation or abstract or a written structure for patent and sponsors?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
How much does a mentor charge for educational startups?
What are the highest growing startups?
At 19 years old, if funding wasn't a problem, what million dollar business ventures should I seek or start?
How can an 18-year-old boy get into event management?
How can I recapitalize my startup?
What should an induction presentation contain for a startup?
How does one find a good angel investor in CEE for SaaS startup in early stage?
What is the minimum amount of retail stores I could have in the United States that would be within a 30 minute drive of 50% of the population?
How did Ankit Gupta, being an Indian, start up Pulse in United States? Is it legal?
Will AI become the future of fintech?
How do you make money with apps if there is already an app for everything out there?
If someone's startup would affect the business of the Indian government, would the government support that startup or not?
How do you sell your code or application when you're closing your startup?
Do I pursue real estate or entrepreneurship?
Which are the fastest-growing startup hubs in the world?
I'm working for equity at a startup, The founder wants my stock to vest, how can I make sure that I'm not fired before the cliff is up?
Is StartupHawk legit?
What happens when a product is abandoned after a successful crowdfunding campaign?
How can one grow a moving company startup today?
Is it ok to have a startup where one founder works full-time in an MNC and the other one is working full-time on the startup?
What are some of your best quotes in YourQuote?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What are the top machine intelligence startups in Israel?
What is the complete founding story of SpaceX?
Are there any successful startups in Hubli?
What are some industries similar to music which can be disrupted by startups like Spotify or SoundCloud?
Is it wise for someone at 40+ to think of quitting the job and becoming an entrepreneur?
Are parking marketplaces viable startup companies to start?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
Why might Lightfleet's all-to-all optical switch have been abandoned?
How do you tell that a presented business venture, partnership, or business opportunity isn't going to work or generate any profits?
What are the possible ways to start a startup?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
How do I enlist my startup into the vendor panels of big enterprises?
What are the legal scaling challenges a startup faces?
How much equity is appropriate for co-founders?
What are some interesting startups in the world?
How does a virtual assistant works?
What costs are associated with expanding to a new country?
In this day and age, is it possible to organically grow an online marketplace into a billion-dollar valuation?
In what form should a professor who wants to use his advisee's thesis work in developing a product for his startup give him/her credit?
Do you remember a website that clearly explains how “each” startup is making money?
What is the best way to begin a recruiting startup?
How many shares can I get in a startup?
How good is the startup Box8 to work for? How is the work culture?
How do I choose between something I’m great at and something I’m passionate about: follow Cal Newport or Ken Robinson?
What are some of the start up business ideas for a 25 year old married women?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the dementia space?
Are there any startups based in India which works on implementing AI in instrumentation or electrical domain?
Is there a way to find startups even before they come to internet?
What are the requirements for starting home delivery?
What are 3 main reasons why a startup is successful?
What are some best startups in Delhi NCR for a business developer?
What can I do for my startup?
Can someone critique my website design?
What is Talview’s interview like? What kind of questions are asked in it for a startup?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What are some of the new innovative startups in Odisha?
What is an acquisition of a company?
What are some profitable businesses to start with 20,000 rupees?
Do you think the Israeli ecosystem is better suited for building B2B startups vs B2C, and why?
Are there any exciting new developments in computer programming with knowledge applications (start-ups, OS)?
What are the largest startups in Europe?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
What challenges have startup product managers found when moving to a PM role at a large company?
What are some high demand computer skills I could learn to earn some money online or as a freelancer?
What should I do while my cofounder builds the first version of our app?
What was Uber's target market when they first launched?
What is the rise of global startups compared to Silicon Valley?
What exactly do I need to start an Airbnb Management Services?
How long does it usually take for a startup to develop a product with some initial paying customers?
Are there business angels who like pitches through cold emailing?
How many users does Wanelo have?
What do I do while Google is indexing my startup's website?
To what extent are the incidents and problems portrayed in the series Silicon Valley, accurate or possible in real-world Silicon Valley startups?
Which is the best startup in Andhra?
How do start-ups document, share and manage software architecture?
What is "cost of revenue" for a marketplace startup?
What is it like to work for the Southeast Asian startup, GrabCar?
What is the use of an automated bidding API in an online auction?
Is it possible for me to work 8 hours a day for 6 days every week? If yes, then how?
Which are the most promising IT/software companies that are newly established in Ahmadabad?
What are the biggest travel/photography related companies based in Europe?
Is experience required before creating a startup?
Can you come up with a recent new product example that failed and explain why you believe it failed?
Where can we get information on startups events happening in Delhi NCR?
How does a novice succeed with a startup?
What is the CAC for insurance startups like Metromile and Lemonade?
What are the most common reasons for startups to fail in 2017?
Which thing should we keep in mind for a new startup?
If you were to go for a startup in India, what kind of startup would it be?
What is the best strategy to create a powerful legal start-up?
How does Gordon Miller calculate 6B in value created even though his webpage says only 100m?
Why do startups based around bringing like-minded people together fail?
How do I raise capital for a one megawatt power generator that is greener, lighter, more portable and uses up to 30% less fuel input?
What is the difference between partner and limited partner in VC?
What happens to the shares of a startup co-founder if he/she dies?
What is the best way to market a geolocation crowdsourced based app?
Should I apologize in this situation? I used to work in a startup, before moving to a big company. I worked in the startup for 5 months.
How can I start a rolling paper mill? What machines do I need? How much capital is needed for startup?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the healthtech?
What are some of the AI startups in Bulgaria?
Why doesn’t AdultWork get shut down?
Why are Nigeria companies not offering IPOs to startups?
How many startups happen in the US?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Why does Emerging startups Require Mobile Apps?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
Where can I find a list of a startup's WACC?
Could a face-to-face networking app still work in the US due to current political situation and divisiveness in the society?
How did Citysocializer get their early users?
Is there demand from startups for a specific startup marketing consultancy, as I find that most startups are very product-centric?
Does memorization shut down feelings?
How do I hire the right tech people for a startup?
Where can one get the data of startups/any organization?
What are some recommendations for books on startups?
How can I get my startup featured in major publications?
If I give it my all, will I eventually succeed as an entrepreneur?
At what point should a startup invest in their brand, before their proof of concept or after they have a working model and are looking for customers?
What are the best startups ideas for Asia?
How does a non-dealer get access to car dealer auctions without starting a full-fledged dealership?
What's the number one problem of startups in the Philippines?
How did the rise of startups and the consumer internet change Palo Alto?
What profiles can a non-coder choose in an IT company if he has immense knowledge about any technology and was running a startup which failed?
In 3 hours I have an interview with the firm I quit 3 years ago to pursue my startup dream. What should be an ideal answer to why I want to join back?
How many types of Free Classified sites there in India?
What successful startups initially outsourced development of their product?
What do you think about the startup name: Tintpark?
Are there any people who are trying to build a startup?
What are examples of successful companies that specialize?
What failed startups should be revived?
Which industry is more lucrative for startups: software or internet technologies?
Is it good to join electronics related startup (of 10-15 people) just after graduation from electronics & telecommunication?
Is Paytm's monopoly coming to an end with 'WhatsApp Payment' that is coming soon?
Does Facebook allow businesses/startups to sell FB accounts or pages for automatic backup services?
What causes an app to feel “clunky”?
What innovative international companies have offices in the Washington, DC area that would appreciate candidates with entrepreneurial backgrounds?
How do I invest in Bitcoin? What all prospects should I consider before investing?
What are the best practices for user testing and research for a startup?
What is the best technique and approach to persuade a big client while you are in your first deal as a startup?
How can I acquire a company on the pink sheets?
How much does it cost to insure my startup?
As of 2017-2018, how is the tech startup scene in Indonesia?
Do you agree with the assumption that it is the weaker actors that often use asymmetric tactics?
Will I have to pay Texas franchise taxes for 2017 when my corporation was established that same year?
What's the best way for a startup to enter a large, established industry?
What is a hot topic nowadays in digital marketing? What do you think about growth hacking?
How many orders can I expect from Food Panda and Zomato for my new delivery restaurant?
Which company should I join: product-based or a startup?
Why did collegeokplease.com shut down?
Why would young entrepreneurs consider borrowing funds from a private lending company?
Do you have a WhatsApp group for a start-up business in Delhi?
Within the Israeli startup ecosystem, what are the prevailing attitudes toward working remotely?
Is it allowed to have a shared Qurbani on Bakra Eid?
How should I start a business, if I have 0 money?
Has w3schools.com been successfully monetized?
What kind of work did you do before you started your business?
What would you consider to be some advantages of starting a tech firm in the Los Angeles area rather than in Silicon Valley?
Which tech startup industry grows the most?
What are some examples of companies that grew through acquisitions?
What platforms facilitate a customer to customer phone call for a startup?
What are the business opportunities for selling clean air to polluted countries?
Can you recommend a model that will let me estimate how many users / engaged users I need for a review-based app that is useful for its users?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
How do VCs monetize investments that neither fail nor sell/IPO?
What is a venture builder?
Which is better for software development and consulting, start as a freelancer or directly start a company?
It is better to work at a service company or a startup company?
How do I use the Heroku platform to sell my app?
How is the length of a product lifecycle determined?
What are some of the start-ups focusing on NLP that take undergrad summer interns?
What is your ultimate vision for Gust? Where is it in the startup stratosphere? Who should use it?
If an 'investor' gives a zero interest loan for a small amount with a first refusal option for later investment, is there a catch?
What are some tactics used by Romans and why/how?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
How is the TrueAlley company?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
What is a startup preincubation?
How can I grow my startup which allows people to share their unique recipes & sell them?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What things should I consider before starting a small cafe in Mumbai?
What are the most successful recent startups in India?
What notable companies other than Joyride provide specialty coffee to the office coffee market?
How much is normal spending ratio on computing and database resource for an web app?
Which is the best franchise to start with?
What's in the refrigerator and snack shelf at Google?
Who is on the board of directors of Google?
Is it a bad sign if a startup is dependent on Google and Facebook marketing for growth?
I have an idea for an app. I'm not capable of coding it. Where do I start? Compensation for developers?What is the NDA protection when recruiting?
The founders of Airbnb and Uber must've known that their services would be illegal in some cities, so how and why did they launch?
Do startups in France have any specific features? For example, do they tend to produce the product from the same sector (IT, retail)?
How many startup mentors are in Pune?
How did you celebrate on your first startup acquisition?
I have an idea for a service through a website (read detail below). Do I need to register in some sort of government agency in India?
Why has the Canadian startup visa not been a success?
How do I get users for my new social network, https://lykup.com?
What is StayBay’s engine?
What is a list of companies in Bangalore that have a turnover of 100Cr to 300Cr? The companies can be in any industry other than IT.
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
How does the owner of a managed fund monetize value?
What is the best way to start networking at a young age and how?
Should we launch our mass market service first, or second?
When does any company get acquired?
What are some useful things to do to prepare yourself for having a startup?
Where can I find pitch decks pitching Startup incubators?
I need a company name for our sharing platform. What do you recommend?
How do I approach startups for advertising in Kolkata?
Besides Couchsurfing, what other startups make revenue out of paid profile verification for users?
How do I submit a supply proposal?
What should a beta startup expect from the Collision Conference?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
What kind of video production services would you need for your company?
Can we get a formidable startup in India from a tier-2 or tier-3 city?
What is a “startup mentality”? Is it important in all life cycle phases of a company?
What are the three major advantages of using a car rental software?
What are the projects going on at the GoJet Singapore office?
How do I build a technical infrastructure for a startup?
What are some of the startups that have failed despite having a good product?
What are the coolest new start-ups in Seattle right now?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
How many people are on a start up team?
Is there any startup in Mangalore for Robotics?
What factors determine the execution quality of a startup?
Can anyone foresee a startup that disrupts Amazon’s business model?
Why do so many people want to launch startups?
How do I manage a startup from abroad?
Where does FreshMenu source its dishes from?
What is the best way to get tax advice or hire tax services for startups in the USA, being a non resident alien?
As an outside startup how can you get the interest of campus newspapers to cover and write a story about your student geared app?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
What are the major startup costs for a microbrewery?
I’m opening up a petite boutique. Where should I buy my wholesale clothing from?
What are possible names for a startup that creates creative, alternative learning spaces for children and adults?
Would CEO's of every startup firm like to fire employees just before their vesting period?
What do you think of the idea of giving $10,000 to ten individuals to compete to generate the biggest return within 60 days?
How did Poshmark gain traction?
Do Net Promoter Scores matter?
How can I start my builder and civil contractor ship business? I have no experience as I completed my BE in 2016. Should I get experience first?
What is the percentage of startups succcess?
Why should Quora be valued at $1.8 billion?
Is there a common way for SaaS startups to partner with "traditional" or non-technological businesses to drive sales (e.g. KDS and Amex)?
What do you think of my wine bar startup idea?
Which post-Series A, NYC-based startups are hiring in May 2017?
What are the best ways for a startup to find paying BETA testing customers at a heavily discounted rate?
How much do early startup CTOs earn?
What are the top startups that shut down in 2017?
Is it possible for a junior software developer to go straight into freelancing and/or remote contract work, without getting an in-office job first?
What would most surprise an American startup entrepreneur about the Israeli startup ecosystem?
Have you invested in a startup or other opportunity that you discovered on Quora?
Should I work in a big company with a profile that does not interest me or in a startup with the profile of my interest?
How does a startup team evolve from a team of a few to many?
I am a small content marketing agency in CT. What are the laws/guidelines/processes for hiring interns?
How do you get two people to meet who both see the value in differing parts of a deal but not the whole deal?
How did blinkist employees get the most benefit from all the knowledge/hacks they know from the company?
Alibaba.com founder Jack Ma spoke at a meeting where he predicted the emergence of CEO robots in the next 30 years. Do CEOs have to worry about their jobs becoming automated?
What is it like working at NRI FinTech?
What are some strategies one can implement to a business that relies heavily on importing consumer goods? Manufacturing products ourselves is a no-go!
Which big brands can one join for a startup?
How helpful is it to be in San Francisco/Silicon Valley for startups?
What are 3 key components you need to focus on to ensure a startup’s success?
Who is building the GSTN?
Which startups hire data analysts?
Which startups in Delhi NCR use PHP?
Is internship at BARC important or an internship at a startup?
How do I sell accommodation.ai?
What are some of the best new startup ideas?
What is your favorite startup in Odisha and why?
Are pay reductions a common practice in struggling start-ups?
Which Australian city is the best for business/tech startups?
I'm flying in for an out-of-state interview for a job in web development. What kind of questions should I expect?
What is the best site to post ads on every classified ad site?
How do I start an electronics startup company?
What is the objective of the startup Invento?
What is a cost-effective setup for product photography for an online startup?
How does aforeseeablefuture.com work?
What are the best cryptocurrency newsletters?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
How important is a healthy degree of cynicism to a tech startup’s execution strategy?
What is the new startup JollyWed all about?
How difficult and expensive is it to start a cell phone company?
Would it have made a difference, in terms of success, if yelp.com had been reviews.com?
What are the licences required to buy/sell electronics/computer peripherals between two states in India?
Is it normal to be issued a common stock based on the converted cap price instead of the 409A valuation?
My startup just got some major press coverage. How do I create a snowball effect to get even broader media coverage?
How can I earn revenue from food startup?
Why don’t early startups give their employees’ salaries on time?
How can I start a business related to carbon nanotubes?
What startup can provide their office for meetups in Bangalore?
If you are a self-learner, how do you find the application www.engrip.com?
Would you set up your tech startup in the UK or France ?
How do I find the right "partner" to help me develop a concept I've come up with? I’m searching for someone with coding/development experience.
What are the challenges of scaling up an online grocery start-up in Indonesia like Happy Fresh?
Do you currently support startups in Africa?
Is it common to have call rights terms on vested shares in a startup?
How do I start a company in the UK?
You're a startup pitching in a competition. Would it be okay to use a judge’s company as a client example or a target market example?
Why do startups fail? Literature celebrates success cases, and talks little about failures. What is your story?
How many registered users does asos have?
Do startups require skills or good CGPAs when hiring a fresher?
What is the word for someone who loves to share experience?
What do you do when you are ordered to sit down and shut up by the son of a friend?
To whom do companies sell their data?
What are India's most innovative content companies?
Do large startups like Uber and Airbnb give new hires options or RSUs?
Is a 2-year vesting cliff common for start-up employee stock options?
What is transform Maharashtra? What are some interesting ideas submitted?
What can you do in order to find out if there is a demand for the products you are about to sell on your e-commerce store?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
What are some good responding startup incubators in Hyderabad?
How do I join a startup in Delhi?
Do startups need to re-think their employee engagement?
Why are Russian/ex-USSR photo-processing apps so good?
What is the best way to make a web application/website with your unique idea if you don’t know any programming?
The founders of Thankyou, Airbnb and Uber must've known that their services would be illegal in some cities, so how and why did they launch?
Is it a bad idea to quit my job and attend a coding bootcamp?
Is a gold online startup company going to be successful?
What do you think of a startup enabling cultural exchange through cups of tea from all around the world?
Should I learn German, French, Spanish, Arabic, or Chinese? I live in the Eastern European Union and want to create a startup.
What does the Israeli startup ecosystem under-appreciate or under-value?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
How many people really got accepted to Y-Combinator's online startup school?
How do I get an internship at an European fintech, being Brazilian? How can I prepare to be a good candidate? Do you suggest any companies?
What are the typical opening balances for startups?
What is the best and fair way to make money as a digital-product evangelist?
How can I purchase a broad inventory of products in small quantities at wholesale prices?
Is it OK to jump into big data or machine learning with the mindset of opening my own startup in the future?
How do startups manage their accounting, especially transactions, for surveys and mapmaking services?
Where can I buy into an online mall (startup)?
Who started sellbuybook.com?
How is the new startup, Scoop, performing?
Is there any innovation in food startups?
In 2017, which is the best skill to learn for creating a billion dollar startup with venture capitalist funding, iOS app development or web development?
Where can I get legal advice for writing TOS, privacy policy, and cookie policy for my startup tech platform?
Is it possible to create a startup that creates synthetic biology pets of any kind of hybrid combination you can imagine?
Can you name scientific literature about wages/incentive pay in startups?
What services could be offered to startups that makes it grow?
Are there resources to help connect university students with small social impact organizations that would benefit from their expertise?
What are the most interesting startups in the US?
Does Founder Space invest in the companies in its start up programs?
What do you think about augmented reality App - Gabsee?
How do I decide on compensation for myself in my own startup?
When is the deadline for the next 500 startups batch?
In what different ways can a bank invest in FinTech startups under the preview of regulations?
What are examples of startups innovating the EdTech scene?
In India, can any legal action be taken against an employer who fired an employee without any advance notice?
How do I write a proposal for a vendor agreement which includes terms and conditions, pricing, profit sharing, and a marketing and distribution clause?
I'm serving as UI/UX and Front End Dev for a pre-money startup. I intend to get them at least to MVP, likely further. How do I contextualize my value?
Why can’t I use the word "the" in my company name in India?
How did Instagram manage to shut down Instagress?
Which startups are going to use the Station F?
Is it worth using a JavaScript front-end on first iteration for a startup?
What are some great valuations methods for tech start-up?
How much in average do bootstrapped startups spend within 2 years?
In what city did Starbucks get its start?
What special issues and concerns should a startup have when granting founder stock to a trust?
How do I make the perfect gig in Fiverr?
What are the best startup networking events / meetups in New Delhi?
What are the mass-media startups in India?
If startups are doing a similar tech solution, should they meet up?
When choosing an accountancy firm for a startup, does it matter if it is not in the top 100, especially regarding business advice?
How can one start the Visulance camera system?
Is there a platform/community that encourages startup collaboration and partnerships to leverage from each other?
Is it permitted for a public corporation to buy equity in a startup?
How did Sweden end up becoming the start up capital of Europe?
Can I sue Uber in India for not having a customer care helpline or support email address?
What are prominent Startup events of India?
Can I join a startup with an L1 Visa?
What are some firms like the financial startup Kensho?
Is it possible to give the management full control of a buyout company without a 51% equity ownership structure?
How do startups raise a lot of funding?
Do investors frown upon perpetual special favors to a strategic partner?
Which startups are hiring software engineers on OPT in the San Francisco Bay Area?
Out of 1,000 San Francisco startups, how many of them reach 100 M valuation? What's the overall distribution?
When pitching a tech startup, should it be technical or not?
Where do startup websites get their graphics?
What is the biggest challenge you face that's keeping you from getting your informational ebook out into the world?
Can an audit fee be more than the revenue of a company?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
What should anyone do in their beginning days of a startup?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
Should I register a game studio in the UK after Brexit or in the EU instead?
Why is it hard to build a successful startup in Australia?
What are currently some of the most innovative media startups?
How can a company's product be it's own stock value?
How can I find a European or American startup owner who wants to expand their business to India?
Since there are lots of startups and developed companies, how can I leave a legacy with my company?
What should I consider proprietary information regarding my startup?
Why does Ali Alshamsi always focus on learning eCommerce?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
What are the main things you hire a Virtual Assistant for?
Wouldn't it make more sense to stay away from Silicon Valley when starting up a company, due to expenses?
How can computers be used for improving Conversational skills and Public Speaking?
Has any startup been successful in a rural area?
Has AngelPad accepted any startups without a recommendation?
How do I defer compensation for myself as an employee in my own company pre-revenue?
Are startups only about new product development? Can a startup be defined based on not creating a new product but only on creating a new business model?
What are the Asian startups in semiconductors?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
If you are going to initiate a hacker academy, what will be the curriculum and hands on exercises?
What is the life cycle of small business owners?
Where can I find investors if I have a good Idea?
What is the rate for a virtual assistant?
How can I create a website that connects professionals to potential clients?
How do I start writing documentation for our SaaS?
Which business is better, web portal or restaurant?
What startups need to grow?
Who built the Taj Mahal?
Why did Andreessen Horowitz invest in blockchain startups like OpenBazaar?
Is spending time building scalable architecture for a new product (MVP) considered premature optimization?
How do I decide on a name for my first cafe?
Which startups have protest perks?
Do early stage startups really need a brand?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
Are you scared of your job security?
How has the VC firm Social+Capital fared since its inception?
Why are (most) startups burning through so much cash?
How can I earn extra money while building a startup?
Is it promising to launch a chatbot startup in the healthcare, insurance and public sectors in Austria?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
Why do all startups have a "blog" section on their website?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
Who are the leading Berlin-based marketplace startups?
What's is the best platform for posting on every site?
In California, how does one sign their business up for legitimacy?
How do I do a picture-framing business?
What does a typical startup CRO package look like?
What companies in the Bay Area provide a sign-on bonus without a contingency that you need to return it if you leave within the first 6 months?
What is the recommended AWS Architecture for a mobile and SaaS web application startup that’s growing to thousands of users?
How does Apus make money and how much do they earn?
Should cancellations be effective immediately for a SaaS company? Why?
What are the types of programs I should run at a startup?
How/where to find and convince rich people to co-found a startup?
Why do few companies reject the resumes containing failed startup details?
How profitable are startup websites?
When do you consider a startup to be officially "founded"?
What is the most important factor for the success of a startup?
What did the first generation of online restaurant startups do wrong?
Do you wish to be an entrepreneur without any difficulties?
What is the most effective way to outsource social media marketing?
When is it okay to 'bang the table' and (counter) attack your negotiation opponent?
Why don't more high school students start businesses?
Are missed deadlines, issues with commitment, and a lack of passion/work ethic good enough reasons to leave a technical co-founder?
How do you dispute attorney fees at a large law firm, if they're ignoring you and sent you to collections?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Hyderabad?
How would denotification assist in circumventing the rules laid by the SC for shutting down liquor shops lying in proximity of NH?
What percentage of a startup’s revenue should be allocated to salaries?
How can I stick to what I do best, i.e., innovate/mitigate/strategize with no involvement in administrative or technical challenges for my startup F150?
What are the best news/media startups in 2017?
What content could be a instant hit in a future visionary tech startup?
Will venture capitalists like Accel fund us, despite us not being from IIT/IIM? We are from ISI Kolkata and have a solid startup idea.
Would start-ups be interested in marketing consultancy?
What are French startups that grew up and became successful?
Are virtual assistants good or bad for business?
Who came up with the idea of ridesharing?
What do I need to know to start an app that allows users to make/spend money?
What are some of the most common legal issues/questions that you see entrepreneurs & startups get wrong or fail to recognize all together?
What are the best startup ideas on a website base?
How does Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates can succeed in their startup considering they never have any work experience in office?
What's Coollang? What does Coollang do?
Can I publish a research paper if I am a college dropout but working with a PhD hire on a technology that is the core of a biomedical startup I founded?
How do startups hire their “initial stages” guys? What qualities do they look for when hiring, and how can they come to a conclusion that this guy is the best?
In your startup days, was Wikipedia your only goal or was there another one?
How do you scale interview preparation & mock interviewing products given a low customer life cycle value and a high churn?
What skills do I need to build tech startups?
On a scale of 1-10, how difficult are startups? Does it have anything to do with luck?
I want to start a "Home Chef-Cooked" food delivery website. The chefs will not be mine, but registered home-cooks. What permits do I need?
What are trade-offs for joining a series-A startup from a Fortune-50 company?
What are the pros and cons of inviting a marketing mentor to a startup?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
Can you create a company in Europe when you have a 3rd world country's nationality?
Is it better to have a partner when you are starting a startup?
What were the wrong decisions made by Snapdeal founders?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
I opened a business with family. It's facing various issues including cash flow problems, feuding, lack of direction & leadership. What can I do?
What happens if a Crowdcube listed company gets acquired?
How do I obtain a DIN number? What documents are required?
Are there any startups selling spare seats on flights at the last second?
How do venture capitalists generate themes and ideas for things to invest in?
How do I apply for startups in NCR?
What are the fastest growing startups in Cambridge UK?
What are three catalysts that enable innovation?
How would you establish a discounted cash flow/valuation in a seed round?
How do I increase the user base for a product?
Can I do whatever business I want with my company even when I've written something specific in my EIN application?
Which online tool/service would get me 100+ new subscribers each month?
How can I make a splash at a startup?
How should the funding strategy for a $5M+ run rate company that started out as a consulting business and moved into a platform play look like?
Could startups be the one to kill the youngsters by eliminating careful thought but encouraging them to engage nevertheless?
How did existence start?
What would happen if your NPS Response rate went from 20% to 90% overnight? How would that impact business, and what would you do with the information?
How do I contact investors via their email, and how do I make a pitch by email?
Is the tech startup community good in Alberta?
Is an awesome name important for a startup?
What happened to supplified.com?
Have you heard of BetaBulls before?
How do I get rid of a toxic teammate?
When do startup founders and CEOs delegate their email to an assistant?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Chennai?
Why do million dollar companies have websites which feel like they were not tested very well?
Where can I find a good business model for startup accelerators, especially FinTech accelerators?
What are the most promising AI and machine learning startups in NYC/Northeast?
What is a great company?
In your opinion, are products that say "Made in Thailand" good or bad?
Is brand value anyhow related to the IP of a company?
Is it reasonable to create a start-up to develop websites for businesses?
Who are the investors in Juicero? Are they experienced investors in the Nutrition Startup arena?
Why do many late night food delivery businesses fail?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Are there equity crowdfunding platforms that focus on early stage startups (idea, pre-product, pre-market stages, etc.)?
What are the various cost effective ways of lead generation?
How do SaaS start ups create customer segments?
What are your thoughts about this brand on a first look?
What would be the best method, guideline, or procedure for hiring an attorney service for a startup app or website?
What is the most innovative start-up in India? Why?
Who are the top influencers for startups?
Does working at an early stage startup always mean stock options?
Should I do a job (I'm a fresher) and get experience and then work on my start-up or should I just leave my job and work with full focus?
Does a startup require a micro, small and medium enterprise (MSME) certificate or registration while applying for registration of its trademark?
How are salaries of employees set in startup companies? From where will the salaries come in a startup?
Why are a number of ecommerce businesses going down?
As of April 2017, what are Quora's biggest challenges to ensure its growth and sustainability?
How do I make a deal with hotels as a startup?
Would it be a good idea to transport goods in tubes?
Who is the most affordable immigration lawyer (or service provider) who works with Finnish startups?
Why do some applications start with an invite-only option?
Is it worth joining Bartercard in Australia?
Do startup incubators help in product development?
Are Equity swaps a good deal while joining a startup?
How long should I stay corporate before moving into startups?
How can I build a startup team from ground up?
What potential complications are there with a Hong Kong corporation giving material equity to a US Citizen?
What is EnGrip?
If I want to manufacture baby diapers and market them in Africa, what strategies should I put in place to make the brand succeed?
What are good ideas about analytics services?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What key changes are taking place in startup funding, and how is Gust aligned with these changes?
How can a PCM student learn about entrepreneurship online?
Are Flipkart, Snapdeal, and Paytm ruining the Indian economy?
What are the essential bookkeeping items an online startup should track?
How is your startup going?
I have an idea for a mobile phone app. How do I execute it?
Who is the startup boy Raja Ashu?
How will Alibaba Help Local startups in Pakistan?
Can business owners list all their failed business attempts that lead to that one success that they can be proud of today?
Why do working class people vote Republican against their own best interest?
How can I start a company? What are the certificates and registration a food startup should have?
Which spacecraft system startups have been doing interesting work lately?
What are the products and services which are good for doing a startup or a business in the agriculture area?
Is Thankeyou's new trips feature gaining traction?
What are some good, possible creative names for a tea point I am about to open in Punjab?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
Is there still anything obsolete left in the market which can be improved by an app?
Which recent startups do you think will have a great future?
Are there any patent attorneys or law firms that will accept equity in exchange for deferred, discounted, or instead of IP fees for startups in 2017?
How can I open a startup company?
I have been approached by a much larger competitor who would like to buy our company. Should we accept the offer?
How would you redesign the steam train for getting awesome steep hill traction?
What are the most interesting and innovative tech startups in India?
What is Thumbtack doing?
I have an idea of a platform that helps you sell products using a ticketing system. And a draw for one winner of the tickets’ buyers. Is this lottery?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
How can I still accomplish with the same software idea (data visualization) and startup I had before?
How is the Inlumen company?
Splitwise introduced the emojis feature. What do you think about that?
Vendors are refusing to extend credit to my startup, what should I do?
How do I open a petrol pump in Karnataka?
To whom must you show your startup plan?
Why did Quincy Larson not join Y-Combinator (non-profit) for scaling Free Code Camp?
What do people think of this new startup shopping website called Hugme (www.hugme.in)?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
What position(s) could someone interested/experienced in the humanities fill at a company such as Facebook or Google?
How do I get funding to set up my office in Ranchi, Jharkhand - through government initiatives or banks?
How is India positioning itself in the world’s startup ecosystem?
How do I start a crowdfund property investment company in the UK?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Are there any safety concerns for a US start up company in China?
What niche should I market my web development services to?
What was hot in Silicon Valley in May 2017?
What are some of the best negotiation tactics only a few know about?
Is there any website that will help me fund an idea I have?
Are you going to start your startup soon?
Are there any tech startups or companies that allow product managers to work remotely?
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
Why are many Quora users observers only and not real contributors?
Should I accept a great startup offer and give up on the chance to work at Google?
How can I start a successful directory listing website?
What happened to Stremor Corp (stremor.com)?
Is OnePlus a successful company?
Do investors prefer the pitch deck to have mostly text with bullets or just some text and more icons and graphics?
What are the duties of a company secretary?
What are some of the challenges of running a lifestyle-type start-up?
Is hiring an agency for startup product development a good option?
Is it possible to grow and succeed alone without a strong network of friends?
Were there any true startups before the advent of the internet?
What are the yearly and start up costs of a big game or large mammal (e.g. the "big 5") sanctuary with 5 or more resident animals?
How can I build this business relationship with a major business?
Who are the best merger and acquisition consultants for startups in India?
Should I go to UIUC, UMich, or UCLA for undergrad CS?
What are the challenges and difficulties you have faced to establish your start up? What're your suggestions to future startup enthusiasts?
What are some of the best startup encouraging platforms?
What comes to mind when you hear the term "data-driven VC" or "data-driven venture capital investing"?
What is the most profitable business to make with 1000$ capital?
How can I forecast the revenue of a mobile gaming app from in-app advertising, considering it will have 40,000 monthly active users from India?
What does “chalkschools” do?
What are the best companies to sponsor startups?
Can a large company like Amazon retain a startup mindset?
Which are the good new startups plans in Indian agriculture?
Which startups in Bangalore and Delhi are taking interns?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
What are the best media, PR and communication startups in India?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
How does 500 startups pick companies for its seed program?
How does a company get acquired?
What are some of the key elements in a successful playschool / playgroup center?
What is the base amount of shares one should give to prospective tech startup hires?
If I gave you $10,000, could you generate a profit doing anything you'd like with it, within 30 days?
What's a business that can make millions?
Will the startup rule be implemented in the near future?
What do I need to know to create a fintech company?
Where can I get new startup data?
Which Montreal startups are currently seeking a VP in sales or is hiring additional business dev people?
How are traditional associations evolving or getting disrupted?
Has anyone used Loom to hire developers?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
What are some of the most interesting Cambodian tech startups that are active today?
Which are the most innovative asset management start ups?
What is it like working at RocketSpace for a startup?
How important is your startup's product for your growth hacking?
What are the fintech/payments startups to watch out for in Israel?
What are the best startups in Philippines?
How does valuation work in series A funding?
How do you choose a name for an online learning business?
What are your thoughts on the Foundr magazine?
Is it essential for a tech startup to be innovative, or will even selling WordPress services be regarded as a startup?
For those that knew him well, how did Steve Jobs choose his technical co-founder?
Why are Nigerian startups not disruptive?
How do I hire world-class talent in a third-tier city?
Are SAFE investments/notes taxable?
What steps should a Canadian SaaS business take in order to legally operate in Texas?
How can a startup company find a good area for using a drone?
What are the limitations of bootstrapping?
Can Google be said as a startup company?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
What kind of people would buy a product-oriented startup's product?
What is the perfect time to shut down your company?
What are the most concerning issues for IT startuppers?
Why don't big banks invest in start-ups, like VCs?
What is the best way of naming your startup business?
How can I find an investor who is willing to invest at his own risk?
Would you leave your specialist role in finance and take a strategy role at a startup with no equity for half the pay?
What startups have used "The" in their name -- like TheSkimn?
Where can I get ideas for a startup?
How is Flipboard doing as of spring, 2017?
Are there any websites that analyses and discusses the performance of startups or large businesses?
Where's the best place to look for a CTO for a social enterprise startup app?
Would you rather be indispensable or dispensable to an organization?
Which one of the big 4 companies (PwC, KPMG, Deloitte, EY) has the best support for startup companies in Germany?
How would you measure a product-oriented startup’s growth?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell young entrepreneurs?
What are the vital features of the car rental app?
Why did MassPlanner.com did get shut down?
How would you hire talent for your startup firm?
How do I learn movie direction in India? What are the options and ways to learn it?
Is founding my own startup a way to circumvent office politics?
What are some options for a start-up founder to get out of the game?
Is there a word for the “up” in “shut up” and “clean up” or the “down” in “shut down”?
Is team diversity correlated with success within the Israeli startup ecosystem?
If you ask me whether I prefer to be like Bill Gates or Warren Buffett, even given Bill's net worth and to some extent his age, I would choose Warren. What do you think of this?
Next step after thinking about an idea?
What's the process for closing a 2-year-old startup company in Bangalore?
Is it foolish to quit a $150K job for a $100K job at a startup?
Where can I find help to assist me in documenting agreement forms for my new startup?
How do I write a business model?
When is it a good time to list your startup on anglelist?
Do you miss your office colleagues once they leave the job?
What are the best start-ups in the UAE?
How must a startup law office approach client development in 2017?
Could the use of gender diversity quotas in startups with quotas like Pinterest be undermining meritocracy? How does this translate to performance?
What happened to MinuteBox? Why didn't it take off?
Many SaaS gurus say valuation multiples range from 2-50x based on how 'hot' the start up is. What does 'hot' mean in this context?
How do I select product designs for a fashion apparel store?
How much equity do Israeli startups typically give their early employees compared to American startups?
Why do so few successful startup CEOs date top models like Evan Spiegel does?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
What are some start-ups in the outdoor/adventure sports/adventure travel industry in the SF Bay Area?
Who are some great hardware startup investors on Quora?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
How important is differentiation for a startup in terms of an unique tech/algorithm?
What are the best books about performance management in the 21st century?
For a fresher, which is better, an MNC or a startup?
What documents do I need to register my small graphics design firm?
What do you think about Gel Wipe, environmentally friendly & flushable upgrade to wet wipes, from the healthcare startup SATU laboratory? Is it the next big thing?
Does Ali Al Shamsi or Gordon Miller sponsor startups in Africa—in Nigeria, to be specific?
Where can I find someone who is interested in starting up a design firm?
Why are backpacks so expensive? Is there potential to disrupt the industry?
What are the reasons that makes a startup interesting or desirable for a growth hacker or business developer?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of startup incubators and accelerators for companies/products with no customers?
Does Gordon Miller invest in pre-revenue startups?
Why does Replica, the startup from San Francisco, begin to cooperate with All Turtles?
How is Balaji Viswanathan's startup doing?
In a startup, my investment is 70%. What designation should I hold, CEO or CTO?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How do gluons interact with quarks?
What is the fair way for Series A startup to allocate founders' salaries with diverse experience, functions and equity (joined at different time)?
How much equity should I ask for as a startup’s VP of Sales?
What should be my reward if I bring (early) investments to a start-up?
How can a startup access 2,500 ounce of physical gold on lease?
Where can I find a list of funded startups in Bangalore?
What are the top 3 tasks of a CMO in a SaaS startup at $1M ARR?
What does SLDC do?
Is there an academic journal about startups?
If you had a dream team of mobile engineers, what product/framework/service would you start building now?
Does NYC have a good start-up scene or should I directly move to San Francisco?
What startups that were acquired by another company had a very simple business model?
Where can I find startups to join as a web dev?
How can I build a startup without cofounder?
What are the unicorns in the Israel startup ecosystem?
How can I help my 18 year old son who created a company in the USA (we are from Europe)?
How do services like Beyond Pricing and Guesty work, if Airbnb hasn't opened its API yet?
What went wrong with Rocket Internet?
Do employers wish that they didn't have to finance retirement plans like the 401k?
How do I get or ask a small startup blog to feature my startup?
What is a typical incubation time before a tech startup reaches profitability?
What is English Ninjas?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
What requirements are there for building a startup?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
Will an EV SSL certificate have a great impact on a newly published online store?
Why do some companies use "well, we're a startup" when asked about certain completely ridiculous things they do?
Is Germany good for a tech startup?
What are the responsibilities of the COO in a tech startup?
Who is on the board of directors of Facebook?
What are some startups in the video game industry?
What are the hottest startup companies for software engineers in Chicago area?
How do I become rich in the span of 2 years?
How do I get investors for a FinTech company?
After selling your startup for $4m, is it absurd to want to do an MBA?
How does Founder's Fund's performance compare to A16Z's?
Can Athens become the next start-up capital of Europe?
What are the aggressive startups currently in expansion mode in Hyd and Bangalore?
How do I remotely shut down my child's iPhone?
What's the best article you've read pertaining to your job in the past month?
How many startups are in the online appointment booking space?
If you were starting a company, what technologies would you use?
Does a catchy story determine the success of a product?
What are a few industries that business innovation is really going to redefine in the future? What industries that we are just now witnessing the start of will become increasingly popular and transformative in the future?
What is the best new start-up in your country?
What happened to specout.com?
Are sales useless?
What should I choose as a fresher - a job at TCS, a startup working on web development (Angular and Node.js), or a startup on Android development (ADF by Oracle)?
Is pig farming profitable?
How do the liquidation preferences of SAFEs vs Notes operate in practice?
What do you want to see from pre-launch startups?
What are some good startup incubators in Singapore?
What are the vital properties of an e-commerce app for the travel industry?
How do you excel in a result driven startup?
How can I become an ideapreneur in order to kick start a good business?
Why is it hard for a company doing same as Uber to beat them?
I'd like to hire a virtual assistant. Do you know of a forum where I can ask questions, chat with other people who hire virtual assistant, and understand best practices / tools?
What are some of the important aspects one should look after in the initial stages of a startup?
How can I reach Jared Morgenstern?
Are huge successes just made out of deception?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Where can an experienced tech guy find an IT startup to take part in it as a partner?
How can I respond to a specific part of an article on Promethea?
Would you fire a good employee if you discovered that he is living at the office?
What are the best startup seminars/workshops besides Startup Weekend?
What makes a successful company form a partnership with a startup?
What is your take on going with start-ups in the current state of cut-throat competitions around the globe regarding startups?
What would be good startup names that mean 'Humanpark'?
Is there any Indian startup which can connect me to actual software developers who can guide me to acquire skills?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
What is a good name for our startup which offers outsourced customer support/technical support?
Is ICO (Initial Coin Offerings) the future of startup funding?
What are the minimum and maximum requirements for a founding team to apply for the 500 Startups seed program and the Series A program?
How do I open a company?
What is your favorite startup in India and why?
Is there a practical guide for what one should look for when signing someone else's Material Transfer Agreement?
What are the qualifications for a startup?
How can I convince an experienced professional to work with me on a startup?
I have an idea for a new product. How do I discover companies who can produce this product for me?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Is a start up still a starup if the idea has been used before but still not common yet?
What are the most interesting fin-tech startups in 2017?
What is the comprehensive list of start-ups in the field of Neuromorphic Engineering?
What is it like to work as a software engineer at Y Combinator?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
What is the year-to-year trend of venture capital investment per capita in the U.S. for the past 50 years?
With undergraduate knowledge in physics, is it possible to build a successful startup? Are there any examples of this?
Are there any tech startup internships in Pune?
Why is so much importance given to the startup culture, nowadays, where stupid ideas are funded repeatedly, even if nothing comes out of them?
What are some hot startups that failed in India?
Should I learn Android development or hire an intern as I want to develop an Android app for my startup?
Are there meaty, managerial-level roles in tech/health startups for business development?
Where can I find people for a Data Entry job? Also, I need a database for a grocery web store. Where can I find one?
How do I should develop a startup in Tourism for China?
How is DuoLingo doing financially?
I am an aeronautical engineer. Should I accept an offer in aviation services in a well established concern or stay in design services in a startup?
Is 10% stock okay for a technical cofounder?
What Chinese city has the highest number of tech startup?
How can we find the scope or the exact market size of our products and services? Are there any organizations that will help us find it?
Should I apply for a gaming startup like Playsimple Games and Junglee Games (India)?
Which part do I start first, for a startup business?
I have a pvt ltd company registered in Australia with only two employees who are working in India. How do I calculate taxes on their salaries?
Is there any chance that Upwork may shut down?
How can a US/China startup with an ethnically mixed team of 20 professionals successfully build a company culture that emphasizes clear communication?
I want to build a tech startup but have no strong idea, should I consider joining an incubator program which demands equity or try building it myself?
What are the best videos to watch on Startup Growth?
How much does it take to start open air cinema?
Do you need to be funded to build decent startup traction?
What kind of startup should I launch in 2018?
Can a gaming cafe/lounge be successful in Chandigarh? How should one go about building one that would be successful?
Which is the best digital marketing course in Berlin?
Why do people bother with startups when they have to compete against large companies?
Is it common for start-ups to use a company like ADP for doing payroll?
How do I start up a moving and hauling company in the Atlanta area?
How can I get more users for my ed-tech, chat bot startup?
Are business competitions foolish for startups?
How can you teach me the whole MBA syllabus in one to five sentences?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
What is the most user-friendly crowfunding platform for a medical device/test? One that takes the least amount of time possible to raise funds.
What books are popular within India's startup ecosystem?
For early stage startups (4 people), how much work is involved in starting out as a C-corp (paperwork, meetings, day to day)? What are some personal experiences in this area?
Are there any startups which would pay me to learn Machine Learning and AI?
How did startups like Flipkart, Ola, Paytm, SnapDeal get media attention through news material and advertising to became the talk of the town?
What are some of the best hacks to make recruiting easier?
Should I start my company in Los Angeles, Seattle, or Austin?
When does a technology startup typically make its first non-technical hire? Is there any data on this?
Are there meaty roles in tech / health startups for business development?
Do investors frown upon pre-MVP / post Series A startups outsourcong some of their tech development?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
How do you find a good online company for finding virtual assistants?
What are the perks of taking risk in startups?
How can non-compliance impact startups?
Which Y Combinator-backed start-ups are hiring software engineers on student visas (F1) in the San Francisco Bay area?
Which sort of startup does the world demand right now?
What should my pay be as a college student starting an startup?
Which area of tech is the most lucrative for entrepreneurs?
What are some unknown but amazing business models?
What are the major drawbacks of starting the service based company?
What are the online invoicing platforms for startups/SMEs?
What are the characteristics of successful US startups in leveraging international investment and go-to-market partners?
How did PostJoint get their users?
Is it possible for an individual to start a company like what Beme (Casey Neistat’s company) is doing now?
Is it a good or bad idea to first let my web service be 100% free for all users and then after some time, the users have to start paying for the service?
What may happen if I start a business by leaving my job in an MNC and it fails? Is there any scope for returning back to the MNC?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
Who are some well known startup founders with PhD?
What are the most promising startups that use AI to help with employee recruiting?
With the proliferation of FinTechs, how will the investment banking landscape change?
How do I apply for Startup Village (VIZAG)?
Would a question to critique my site be considered as spam?
What's the best international startup industry?
What are some Sucessful startups that had great ideas?
How do I prompt someone in a business email?
Which are some interesting sports startups in Chennai?
What is your successful startup story?
How should I go for a startup when I have a nice idea, but I know nothing about startups?
What are some good events for a startup company to organize for undergraduate students?
How do you know if you're being too picky with startup hires?
What’s the best way to punish startups like Pick My Laundry?
What is the good alternative to extratorrent?
Why does Internet Explorer keep showing up on startup?
Is GoDaddy best for startups?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
What does it take to be a non-technical founder of a technological startup worth billions?
How can my startup survive in this era, where a new startup is created every day?
We are releasing an app for the first time. Should we add "beta" to our logo and in the description, to let people now that the app will have bugs?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
How would you improve or revolutionize Amazon?
Which start ups in India are currently hiring (April 2017) software developers with one year of experience?
How did Quora manage to spend $80 million in just three years?
What is an IoT startup?
Can a foreign individual join a Swiss cooperative?
What are most successful O2O ecommerce startups?
I'm a student creating a startup. What do I do now?
Does Y Combinator accept Chinese teams?
How do I start to set up a new startup in the service industry?
Would organizing video pitches be a good way to stimulate corporate startup collaboration?
How many employees should an application or website-based startup have in approximately the first 6 months?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
How is venture debt in a capital structure perceived by VCs?
How would you define the difference between “a community” and “a network” of people?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
What are some good event management startups in India?
How does a startup create an Option Pool prior an Angel investment?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
Is there any start-up in Africa that has reached a billion-dollar valuation within a few years like Snapchat?
What are the pain points of the startup accelerators?
How would you describe the impact UI/UX designers can have on the world?
What is the best way to move Outbound Leads to Inbound?
If you were to start up/invest now, what idea would you work upon and how?
What is the best way to network at a tech startup meet?
Why do so many startups choose Berlin over Switzerland?
What are the main advantages of using car rental software for your business?
Should a business fit your personality?
What is good advice on selling a subscription service to universities in the US?
What would be an interesting research question about growth hacking for a MSc thesis, with focus on my country’s startups?
What are the best schemes / initiatives which support student's startups?
What career can I pursue after doing a BTech if I have knowledge of startup finance?
When you sell your company to a larger company, how much of your compensation should you get from the purchasing company’s stock, and how much should you get in cash?
Which hosting provider offers the fastest dedicated servers for mobile apps?
How do I respond to an email from a VC who's interested in my startup and tell them I am busy now?
Is 'Exiament' a good name for a company?
Why do tech startups fail?
What is the best way (as of May 2017) to find post-Series A startups located in NYC?
What educational startups do you know?
What are the major factors that compel strong actors to use asymmetric tactic?
How can we raise funds for the construction of a primary school in a village in India through social networking sites?
Are there books/communities/thought leaders for startups focusing on process innovation?
What are startups in railways?
What are the features that make car rental software important for your business?
After you incorporate a tech startup (S corp), is any work that you and your co-founder had done up to that point the property of the company?
Is startup culture growing in India? If so, is it limited only to Bangalore or is there a startup culture in other cities as well (like Hyderabad, Noida, Pune)?
What questions can be asked in a survey before launching my Airbnb-like startup?
If you would give me one (detailed) advice about being a successful entrepreneur what would it be?
What is the best way to convince local media and blogs to cover your startup launch or roll out?
Are there any strategies for hiring sales reps for a startup based in a non-English-speaking country?
Is one million USD enough to start an animation company from scratch?
In which ways can startups work to have a positive social impact?
What could be the solution to IoT companies that bully their customers?
Is there any WordPress plugin for building a database website?
How can one decide whether his startup will succeed or not?
How can I get investors for a startup at Gwalior, M.P.?
How is InMobi doing now?
Did billionaire Bill Ackman make $15 million off the sale of Sprout?
Is $2 million too much to ask for a startup?
Who should I contact for my startups story I believe worth publishing at Techcrunch and similar sites?
How is BrainMobi's first year journey the best example of a startup story?
What is the first major industry which digital disruption will change radically?
How do I complement the existing product/service?
Is Neo4J literally free?
How has Change.org's product evolved over the past couple of years?
What are a few lesser known but successful startups in India?
Where does a startup’s board of directors typically meet?
In Capital Cities’ Safe and Sound, was the building shut down for good?
What should a person interviewing with a startup for a job (non CXO) look out for, during the interview process?
Which are the blogs featuring startup stories in the USA?
Does a startup have to be an IT or tech company or can it be something else?
What are some examples of successful companies that took a long time to go public?
Why are most Indian startups rip-offs of foreign startups? India has a different set of problems. Shouldn't they work on solving them?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
What are the challenges faced by startups in the US?
What are the successful startups that have never failed?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Where do most web startups fail?
Are any startups hiring deep learning/machine learning candidates who don’t have experience in these fields but want to learn?
How does Go-Jek's marketing strategy work?
Have there been any successful startups in the field of chemical engineering?
What are the most essential parts of starting a company?
What dramatic pivots have Israeli startups gone through on their way to success?
When is the right time to sign a co-founder agreement? What are the required agreement docs?
How do I obtain a GST/VAT number for my startup?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
How do I start a doorstep mobile service in Chennai through e-commerce?
What are the most innovative startups in Berlin in AI, Fintech, IoT or drones?
What is it like to work in Apolitical, the startup?
Is it necassary to be an engineer to start a startup?
How do I start a company like Foodpanda and MakeMyTrip?
How do I arrange finance for any startup?
What are the things one should do after 12 to start his own business?
What is the GlobeRanger company all about?
What are some of the ways your startup accelerator is better than the leading one (currently Y Combinator, in the spring of 2017)?
What kind of information is compulsory while selling a cards game in India?
What are the largest niche markets/industries?
What is the typical investment amount for an angel in a pre-series A startup?
What are the potential competitors for a FinTech startup industry?
What are some examples where innovators left to do a start up only in order to be acquired by the old company?
Will a startup help me in cracking an IIMS interview?
Why are IT products startups doing better than IT service startups are?
Is omnism a good alternative to religion?
Do companies like McKinsey, Bain, and BCG consult startups? What are others?
Which are some interesting startups in Nashik?
How helpful are Virtual Assistant Services?
What is a movie you like that most other people don't seem to like?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
What things did you do that caused your startup to succeed?
How would you estimate the total addressable market size for JavaScript developer tools?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
What precautions should be taken to establish e-commerce startup?
Why do some startups pay for co-working spaces? Why don’t they just bootstrap from home?
What are the best startup networking events/meetups in Coimbatore?
Can I earn from my app without forming a company?
What were the most important things on which you spent your startup capital?
Why isn't there an app to map org charts based on Linked In data?
Is SoftBank becoming too powerful?
Is there any way to find the startup who needs marketing?
How do I calculate a revenue projection on my own, before starting a startup?
If Xerox did not show the GUI to Apple, can you project what may have happened to Apple (1980-2015)?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
Where can I get some advice on starting a startup with very few resources?
Is Bryan Manduca on Snapchat?
Whose permission is required to start up an company?
How would a beautiful website influence buying decisions?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
What are the benefits of having a CrunchBase account?
What are the challenges in working for a startup?
Why doesn't Luxembourg have a tax incentive scheme for seed investments in startups, such as EIS and SEIS in the UK?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
What are the best projects to develop in order to develop a region (district) - to create a socio-economic benefit for it?
What are the benefits of using tailoring software for your tailoring business?
Which is better to work for, UrbanClap or Zomato?
Which startups are hiring summer interns in Bangalore?
When will computers become so fast that a Java server will start up within a second?
Which startups have operations in both the Bay Area and India?
Is it possible to make business alone in robotics, more precisely flying drones?
Can anybody help me fund my healthcare startup?
How do I master my detailed business model for the start-up competition?
Which promising disruptive products or startups have been killed by the incumbents in the telecommunications and satellite industries?
Is tellyouridea.com a scam?
What's the best way to reach out to interesting people I want to talk to?
Where can I search for companies that are looking for international sales representation/distribution?
How should a startup compensate an advisor that helps raising money?
What are some big mistakes that startups make with their company name?
In tech companies, what distinguishes genuine growth/change pains from dysfunction and chaos?
How can I maintain my online marketplace without charging too much commission?
Our profit-earning startup is not growing in spite of planning differently. How can we grow it?
Why would I start a business if I only have a 5% chance of succeeding?
What should be the salary breakup for an 18 LPA CTC to pay zero tax?
Without pitching my startup, how can I develop my startup company step by step?
Is it compulsory for a technology-related startup founder to know how to code?
Is there any list of sex-tech startups ?
How many of you are interested to join a startup which help students of rural/small town background in choosing right career/college?
What social media platform (category) should I use for a new startup APP/SM website?
What is the best Legal structure for startups in India?
Which is the best way to run a startup makerspace, as a non-profit or for-profit?
What companies in Pune offer high incentives for sales? How high are the incentives?
What are the promising startups to watch in 2017?
Can I manage my startup with YIF?
How is the startup scene in the UK?
What is the most promising company in the US?
How does an employee in an early-stage (pre-Series A) start-up in the USA protect the value of his earned equity when exiting the startup?
Should you start a company based on your passion?
Should I prefer a startup or a reputed MNC considering the recession might hit by the end of 2017? I am a software developer with 3.5 years of experience.
How can I find startups looking for funding in India, the Middle East and Africa? I’m starting my own business since I have investor contacts.
What are the benefits that an employee gets if a startup gets funded? Assuming that there is no ESOP.
We were paid by some academics to build some software which we continued to build upon and now has many new features. Who owns it?
Is a business man good or bad, if he bribes an officer with 100USD, but later his foundation provides free education to 1000+ poor children?
Where can I find people to invest in my small business?
What are some latest start-ups which are growing fast in users?
What are some new trends in startups?
How do emerging social media platforms build a user base/grow their user base?
What are the specific features of car rental apps?
For a typical software startup, what would be a reasonable equity stake to offer the early developers?
Is it possible that extremely successful startup companies have not been started yet?
What are the biggest ideas in fintech?
What is the best startup in construction?
Is there a forum for Instacart drivers?
As a startup founder, how can I get myself verified on all the social media?
What is the best business/law firm that is focused on startups in Canada?
What are the top food tech startups?
How do you empower creative professionals?
How many interviews are taking place in Bangalore in a day?
Do you think that being famous and successful in sports, film or political industry gives an edge/easy entry in entrepreneurial/startup world?
How do I manage my car rental business by using car rental applications?
What would be your dream startup if you get an opportunity?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
Should I open a startup in Goa? Is Goa the best place for startups or not?
What benefits does Gordon Miller get from investing in startups?
Regarding Silicon Valley Season 4, Episode 1, how did Russ Hanneman know Richard wasn't passionate about the video chat startup? Can investors really sense this?
What are the reasons some startups fail? How do you prevent them?
I have an idea for a start up. Now what?
Are there any books or websites related to how to start an Internet-based startup which also discuss legal/permit/accounting issues?
Who are the top ten indie Mobile Publishers and How do we know that they are actually top 10?
What are the difficulties of starting a startup?
How does a beginner make a startup?
Virtual Assistants (people): What do VAs cost?
What are the promising startup options in biomedicine and healthcare where deep learning can have a huge impact?
What does the typical day look like for an account executive ("salesperson") at an SaaS startup with under $1m ARR?
Has ExtraTorrent permanently shut down?
What is the best way for a startup to partner with Big companies?
What happens when a startup founder suddenly realises he is all grown up?
How do I learn what it takes to found a company?
What are the challenges of building a data team at a startup?
What are the main challenges for startups after its product development?
Are Americans living in India interested in a startup?
What accelerators have pilot projects for startups?
What is the best way to shut down a histrionic personality? I don't need him for anything.
What was Hubspot's minimum viable product like?
What are the best ways to find warm leads for a boot strapping startup?
Who would be your first hire for your e-commerce start-up?
Why do early startup employees accept less than market salaries?
Which startups are thriving at working remotely?
How is content generation for VR/360 videos going to happen?
Which startups had success launching internationally?
What software development methodologies & techniques are really helping software startups and how?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
Have you heard about www.classybazar.in? This is one smart startup.
Which are the famous startups of 2016?
Which startups in AI/ML domain are looking for interns in Pune?
Are research papers published in good journals (IEEE, Elsevier) helpful during offcampus placements?
When should one really kickstart a startup in order to watch it really grow?
What advice would you give to a young entrepreneur who’s starting an internet-based company?
A startup with no product, just an idea, wants to make me an employee for equity instead of pay. Should I be a cofounder?
Would you call your startup the name that it already is called in Denmark (Holding SA)? It was created in 1988 and now is earning $88 million in revenue.
How important is a legal team to a startup company?
What are the best startup companies to work for in India?
What are the best websites to keep track of all the new medical startups?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
How would I convince an intern to drop out of university to join a startup?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
Is FinTech a good industry for startups?
What is a start-up that I can do that will be successful (100k+/year)?
What is the right way to contact companies and appear professional and be taken seriously?
What are the most creative ways to use import.io for startup growth?
Is it a good tactic in e-commerce to source products from your competitors and re-sell them in order to see which products move?
What are some solid tips for building a winning pitch for a client?
How can I approach a famous website in order to create a partnership with them?
As we are a startup advertising agency, my question is, "who is the right person to contact at corporate to do work with them? How do I do this?
As a tech startup, is it ideal to add some of the project you executed at your former place of work into your new personal company portfolio?
How attractive is my company for Series A?
What are startups that promote custom designing?
What are the online invoicing platforms for startups/SMEs?
Can I get a list of chemical startups in the USA?
What are some good virtual assistant companies out there and which is the biggest?
What startup can I build if I learn datascience?
Can I get a high amount in VC investment presales? So far, I have done it all with self-funding (software company).
What are the top upcoming companies and startups from China?
Can I, as a non-US citizen, "work" for my US company from my home country?
Is it good to join electronics related startup (of 10-15 people) just after graduation from electronics & telecommunication?
What are the most essential success factors for a consulting / service startup?
What causes an app to feel “clunky”?
What are some of the best startups in Gujarat or in all of India? Is a phone startup good (I mean about the phone company)?
Who are some great hardware startup investors on Quora?
Are there any startups related to mechanical maintenance?
How do you sense that a startup will be successful?
Is 220 online courses a lot for an e-learning startup?
Can I get an investment of Rs 20 Lakhs for my company?
Why does Ali Alshamsi always focus on learning eCommerce?
How many startups can a $100 bill finance?
What are some programmes that University of Washington put in place for student entrepreneurs?
What's the best start up incubator in Singapore?
What are the startups based on custom designing?
What is the story behind gojek?
What are the major blindspots to watch out for when trying to scale a startup's culture?
Which are the startups that give jobs to someone with a Master's in sociology from Delhi School of Economics?
Does a startup have a chairman?
Why do startup companies always seem completely sketchy when they try to use marketing services outside of their company?
How much does a virtual assistant charge?
What is the name for a civic startup that has past the startup phase?
How much (roughly) would it cost to get a beverage flavor designed by a food science company?
How many orders can I expect from Food Panda and Zomato for my new delivery restaurant?
What are the most interesting German startups in Healthcare today?
Do you remember a website that clearly explains how “each” startup is making money?
What pieces of a startup's culture can best be preserved at scale?
How is a company like Open Universities of Australia profitable?
Can you name one successful startup that has a completely distributed team?
Has w3schools.com been successfully monetized?
Which are some of the cheaper courier companies that can be used by small startups in Mumbai/Thane region?
How can I create a niche website for failed startups (like yourstory.com)?
In which sector I should look for starting my startup which should be profitable, less risky and possiblity of high growth in upcoming years?
Other than the founder, who is the most important person in a startup?
Which property can be used for an online rental business success?
How do you define the breadth of a niche market?
What are the best startups for business development role in Bangalore?
How can I build a startup without cofounder?
What is Mark Cuban's best investment to come out of Shark Tank?
What equipment would I need if I wanted to manufacture hardware products in my garage?
Can a foreign individual join a Swiss cooperative?
What are most successful O2O ecommerce startups?
Where should I start on the following comics?
How can I build a company like Haight Brand?
Do you think product oriented startups often struggle with their inventory management?
Which sectors could lead to future opportunities for startups?
What is the best Legal structure for startups in India?
Are there any startups working on a better alternative to MS Access?
Is MyDentist a dental chain shut down?
Why do accelerators and incubators admit only tech startups? Is there any disadvantage to admitting companies that are not tech startups?
What machine learning business can I start?
Is Uber a sinking ship?
When did SAGlobal get started?
What business can be done with $25000?
How beneficial can a virtual assistant be in the marketing world?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
Which business module can easily connect to local middle class people?
How should I start my own startup with low investments?
What are some red flags of company culture in a small startup that might become huge problems at scale?
As a startup founder, what are the pros and cons of building something you would want to use yourself?
How good is your government at helping startups in your country?
Are there any Y Combinator style incubators that exclusively focus on non-technology, service-style businesses (US based examples preferred)?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
What does a data science startup do?
Should I keep the name of my start up company in skill development consultancy?
Do large startups like Uber and Airbnb give new hires options or RSUs?
How much should a non-founding £4M T/O startup CTO be paid?
Can a startup be successful if the team is completely remote?
How many times have you put in 100 hour work weeks and for what good reason?
Is CDN Business Investor Corp. legit?
Why do few companies reject the resumes containing failed startup details?
What is transform Maharashtra? What are some interesting ideas submitted?
Do investors prefer the pitch deck to have mostly text with bullets or just some text and more icons and graphics?
Which are the sports startups in the US?
How do I find office space in Mountain View for a small (<5 people) startup?
Is it a good idea to build an instant messaging app when there are already top messaging apps in the store?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
Which startups are currently hiring for sales and marketing in Hyderbad?
Should I take into account the revenue while calculating burn rate?
Why do business owners hire a virtual assistant?
Where online can I hire virtual assistants?
Which are the coolest Offices/Workplace to work in India?
What are some good virtual assistant websites?
Which is the best startup in Andhra?
What startup should I do for robotics?
How do start-ups document, share and manage software architecture?
What's in the refrigerator and snack shelf at Google?
What questions can be asked in a survey before launching my Airbnb-like startup?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: What's the most polite/professional way to decline to sign an NDA with an early stage company?
What are the most innovative retail tech and analytics startups in India?
Where can I have a list of EdTech startup accelerators and incubators all around the world?
Is hiring a virtual assistant expensive?
How do I remove fear of starting a company?
What should a startup consider when deciding whether to make it to Silicon Valley?
Is pig farming profitable?
Where I can get summer internship 2017 in Ahmedabad?
What are advantages and disadvantages of building a startup in Switzerland?
Do startups always buy snacks and drinks from vendors at a price lower than retail price?
What is StayBay’s engine?
What are the biggest challenges faced by CTOs?
What is a list of companies in Bangalore that have a turnover of 100Cr to 300Cr? The companies can be in any industry other than IT.
Why are there very few product startups in VLSI industry?
What do you think about a site for ambitious young people to meet?
What are some good startup incubators in Singapore?
Is www.iitnit.com a startup?
What are some ways to improve retention at a startup?
Should I have a bearded or clean shaven look?
How much money does Spotify make?
What are reasons not to move to Silicon Valley?
For my MVP, should I hire a full stack developer or front end and back end developers?
I'm a 17 year old kid looking for capital for a tech startup. Any idea how it's possible for me to even step in to a VCs office? And any ideas on how I can pitch my idea?
How can I learn to promote the products that I've developed?
How can I start my startup that will be for the betterment of humans?
What would be the best way to improve labour laws and the minimum wage in India for techies in the startup ecosystem?
Who should I contact for my startups story I believe worth publishing at Techcrunch and similar sites?
What is a good salary to earn as an expat associate in the tech/VC space in Kenya?
How do I start a trade company in Italy?
Is there any information that you believe would be beneficial for your startup to have which is currently unattainable?
Do you still use virtual assistants?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
What are the most important points for an early stage startup business plan?
How can I get my website to be published on any media?
Where will it be better to launch a startup?
How can CEOs of famous but unprofitable startups be so rich?
Who are the top ten indie Mobile Publishers and How do we know that they are actually top 10?
How is virtual assistant useful?
What is Doctook?
What is the difference between partner and limited partner in VC?
What skills besides programming would I need for you to hire me at your startup?
What are the challenges faced by startups in the US?
What makes a good options package?
How do I launch a mechanical startup company?
What kind of services are companies looking for with virtual assistants?
How do I write a proposal for a vendor agreement which includes terms and conditions, pricing, profit sharing, and a marketing and distribution clause?
Is the House Intelligence Committee shutting down?
What should I do when not founding the right sales manager?
What is the best way for a startup to partner with Big companies?
Is it okay to focus on my startup and eventually leave my 30 lakh p.a. job at TCS
How can I build a voice browsing algorithm to help user navigate my website?
What cities in the future are likely to be the best places to found a startup and why?
What are the articles which are not available on ecommerce sites and can be sold on them to make more money?
Why don't people invest in more impactful startups, aka, those outside the realm of social media and Internet apps and more deep tech?
How can I buy the content rights of a football match? (See the description.)
Can someone provide me list of Fintech startups in South India?
Job security in soctronics .Is it a start up or medium company?
How do I find NGOs/startups in California that are willing to teach me how to surf, while I could help them with coding/online marketing?
What are the main challenges for startups after its product development?
Should I register mydomain.com or getdomain.com?
What would happen if your NPS Response rate went from 20% to 90% overnight? How would that impact business, and what would you do with the information?
How can I protect myself from being fired by a new co-founder?
What's the strangest successful startup?
Is LSD microdosing as prevalent in Silicon Valley as the media suggests?
Why does Emerging startups Require Mobile Apps?
Do startups need to record employee’s man-hours?
Do you know about the newest IT startup in 2017?
How is Aurum Financial Services for startups?
Could a face-to-face networking app still work in the US due to current political situation and divisiveness in the society?
How does one outsource research?
What are the largest niche markets/industries?
What are the most important factors to be accepted to Y Combinator?
What are the next steps after a small business agrees to buy your software product?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
How much does a mentor charge for educational startups?
What are essential components of any tech startup, and can you define the roles they should play pre-launch?
Is it a good idea to learn programming for utilising my spare time?
Does memorization shut down feelings?
What are the coolest startups in international development, especially those leapfrogging technologies?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What are obstacles many startups face in the first six months of business?
Are government officers allowed to open their own company?
As a startup, what should I do if the only/main developer is not progressing on the project?
Lean Startup is great for startups with market risk. Are there other good methodologies for startups with invention/product risk?
What are some good education-related startups in India?
When launching a startup, what is the most important aspect you should focus on?
How helpful are Virtual Assistant Services?
What are less popular medical startups?
How is Flipboard doing as of spring, 2017?
I am interested to work for any music-related startup in Jakarta. Do you have any recommendations?
What are the common mistakes that seed-funded startup founders make?
Are research papers published in good journals (IEEE, Elsevier) helpful during offcampus placements?
What franchises for startups give good profits?
Where's the best place to look for a CTO for a social enterprise startup app?
How would you measure a product-oriented startup’s growth?
How can you teach me the whole MBA syllabus in one to five sentences?
Would VC firms use a service that pre-vetted startups, verified their revenues, expenses, and employees, and provided analysis?
What is the best way to meet a potential CTO for a technology startup who will receive equity for a company based in Los Angeles?
Is SoftBank becoming too powerful?
What are some firms like the financial startup Kensho?
How can I handle my startup?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
When does a firm shut down point reached?
How do you sell your code or application when you're closing your startup?
Are you Interested in startup in Indore?
How can I create a new portal for failed stories about startups (like yourstory.com)?
Should I pursue a part-time MBA with Wharton Executive/Berkeley Haas if I plan to be an entrepreneur?
Why don't all entrepreneurs go after the world's hardest problems?
What could be the best bio for an internet company?
How do I find an awesome technical co-founder for a bootstrapped startup?
What are the biggest cultural challenges facing startups as they scale?
Has anyone found a good virtual assistant?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
Should I work for a tech big shot that's a jerk or work for a great manager in corporate?
How can I start an electric Car company, that is commercially affordable in India?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
How do you find a good online company for finding virtual assistants?
How do I approach an M&A lawyer to ask for an NDA?
What are the latest digital marketing trends in 2017?
Should I break up with my girlfriend of 2 years?
How do companies having old technology stack cope with the companies having almost same idea but latest technology stack?
Which companies provide the best virtual assistant services for Digital Marketing?
What were your biggest struggles when naming your startup?
Under what circumstances does it make sense for a startup that has already raised a seed round to join an incubator/accelerator?
How can my business be a partner with a government department or agency?
What are some good technical startups after 2010?
