Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
Which is the most technologically advanced motorcycle in India?
What are benefits of Beacon Technology for businesses?
How do I build my own website with the latest technology?
Can France become the Mecca of Islam in Europe in the next 20 years?
Where do you see the internet heading within the next 10 years?
What do you think about phones getting thinner?
What are the downsides of new technological innovation, such as drones?
Is the Information Technology field down for the next 5 years?
What is Jimmy's next big thing?
What are the new technologies in automobiles?
What is the latest technology in robotics?
Solar technology is rapidly advancing, which is the best businesses in India?
What is the best epilepsy wearable device that can help patients and analyze their emotions and movement?
What are the new technologies in Information Technology that will lead to extraordinary success in the future?
What are the best audio gadgets?
Can new technologies be used to protect the public?
Which technological courses will be in high demand in future?
Does Definitive Technology W Studio sound bar now have W7 and W9 surround capability?
What technology is making the most advancements right now?
What technology did people in the 1900s predict in the future (e.g., for 2000)?
What will be the upcoming trends in the emu oil market?
Has the smartphone industry contributed to the advancement of technology in other fields?
Which is the trending technology in IT right now?
What are emerging technologies in the IT field?
What is the most revolutionary technology?
How likely is it for the outermost layers of our brains to be entirely artificial by the next decade?
Is web science the next big thing? How will it evolve?
What is going to happen to health insurance over the next 5 years?
What are the best tools and gadgets overall?
What is new in MLM? What do you think about technology and wearable health devices?
What piece of new technology (not yet invented) are you most looking forward to?
What are the prospects that an artificial kidney will be available in the next 5 years?
Why hasn't there been a viral cellphone game in 2016-2017?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is the next big thing in the real estate world? Either you move with the trends or get left behind.
At what year do you see manufacturing becoming completely robotic next year or in 5 to 10 years?
What are the latest technological advancement in recent times?
If something changed the atmosphere so combustion was impossible but we could still breath, what new technologies (weapons and vehicles) would be developed?
What is the latest technology now?
What is the relation of Asia to the world ten years from now?
What are the improvements you guys will be doing in the near future?
Do you think the USA is going to have another revolution in the next 20+ years?
What are the technical skills that will be required in the next decade?
If earth was flat how would it affect my daily routine?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
How many technological/biomedical inventions started as military projects?
What will be the cheapest mode of communication in the next 5 years?
What current trends do you think will be made fun of in the future (e.g., slang, games, etc.)?
How will the food industry change because of technology?
What are the future trends in business in Bangladesh?
Where can I submit a theory?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in ten years (2017)?
Has there been a rapid progression in materialism recently or has the advancement in communication technology, just brought it to our attention?
How do I stay current with business/technology trends?
Is journalism going to die in the next 5 years?
What is the next big thing in cryptocurrency?
What are the most exciting problems to be working on in the high end audio market over the next two years?
How can we use the internet wisely?
Which technological advancement would you most like to see occur within the next 100 years?
What technological innovations can we expect to see by 2022?
What will be Quora's main source of competition over the next ten or so years?
Who will our enemies be in the next 50 years?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
What is the latest technology in lung transplants?
We always talk about where we have gotten in 20 years. How much technology would've developed? What's humanity's future? But what happens to us today?
What are the latest manufacturing trends and how can Nestle benefit from them?
What are some of the distribution trends in the Travel Technology industry?
How is wearable technology changing the world around us?
What is the latest irrigation technology?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
How do you become an “early adopter” of the next big thing in the tech world?
What's it like working at TFT (Think Future Technologies) Gurgaon?
How can I keep up with the trends, and where do I find them?
What 5 natural resources of today could be used with advanced technology in the future (25 years ahead)?
What are the latest trends in pre-engineered buildings (PEB) and structures?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
What would Tamriel look like if it ever reached the technology we have today?
What is the likely adoption of wireless car charging in the next 20 years?
What is labour augmenting technological progress?
Which non-top ten cryptocurrencies have the biggest potential in the next 2-to-3 years time?
What technological advances have helped the world to become a global village?
Why don't banks rewrite their software with the latest bleeding edge technology?
Is SAN technology really going to vanish?
How do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
When will technology effectively allow us to block all sound?
What is the IT technology that’s hot on the market and expected to grow in the future?
Is Marshmello the next big thing in EDM music?
Which are the stocks that will multiply 100 times in the next 20 years?
How can I keep myself updated with all the latest movies, TV series, and other stuff? I feel like I lag way behind many in keeping myself updated.
What are some of the great answers to the question, "Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years"?
Does not it necessary for the number of diseases to be reduced while technology is so advanced?
In the near future, could most countries get available space technology like the way most countries have aircraft technologies now?
How does the Internet rank historically as a disruptive technology? How does it match up, broadly, with flight or, specifically, with the telephone?
Is it good to be a year down instead of carrying a backlog for next year?
Which site keeps us updated about the IT sector?
Have you used UWB technology?
What is the latest or an upcoming technology/topics related to security, cryptography, or digital signature for delivering a technical seminar?
What developments do you expect to see in Wikipedia over the next 5 years?
If humans stopped innovating technology today, how much would AI advance/change current services in the next decade?
What are the features of the Samsung Galaxy S9 going to be?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
From where does the Technical Guruji (Gaurav Choudhary) read the technical news?
Which are the best tech applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What are the recent emerging industries?
Which RAM technology is used nowadays?
Where can I buy authentic technology databases?
What ‘geo – economic’ region in the world offers the best business development opportunity in the next 5 years?
What websites do you read to keep up to date on all the latest news about medicine and health?
Is there a well-researched infographic that does an overview of technological history, emphasizing the exponential advancement of the last century?
What are Top 10 Internet of Things Technologies?
Why is my switch not giving out DHCP IP?
What are the new smartphones and technologies in the market?
How do I keep up with the new trends and technologies around the world?
What is the next big boom in technology?
What according to you is the next big thing that the future generation will take for granted?
What are some potential innovations happened in India in the past 5 years that impacted globally?
Is it there any new technology adopted in the steel construction field?
How did Hard Rock Stadium become obsolete so quickly?
How would you like to see technology change in the future?
Should the Indian government completely ban the BS-III vehicles in the next 5 to 10 years?
What are your predictions of the future 50 years hence, socially, economically, politically and technologically?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
What will come next: 3, 10, 20, 39, 85?
What's the upcoming new technology now?
What are some technologies that exist but aren't commonly used or known about, that are significantly better than the current technology in use?
Is Japanese automobile technology far ahead of the Germans technology?
What is the best way to keep up with new music?
Which areas should India really focus on right now and where can technology be used to tackle those issues?
What is an emerging trend?
What are the warehousing trends in 2017?
Why isn’t the world focussing on commercializing nanotechnology in the medical, science and technology fields?
What are the major trends in jewelry in 2017?
Which is the best technology available to us presently?
What is the hardest truth humanity will have to accept for the next decades?
What should I do to improve my skills in technology?
Will AI become like Skynet in the foreseeable future? How would it happen and how would we react?
With the rapid advancements in modern technology, are we heading towards unconsciously creating Skynet?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
What home color trends for 2017 are you most excited about?
What are best entrepreneurs long term vision?
I'd like to make the most affordable smartphone with the latest technology and Android software. Where can I start?
Why do people use the dog filter?
What is the best way of learning T24 technology?
Seeing the current market scenario, is it advisable to continue in telecom and IT? What are prospective fields for the next 25 years?
What are the most promising healthcare technician technologies in USA?
What do people like about technology?
What is the worst use of technologies nowadays?
What might be some of the future trends in cockpit designs?
What will the IT sector look like in the next few years, and how can we safeguard our current jobs?
What is the new technology in closed circuit television?
How can I stay up to date on the latest news about robotics?
Which part of bacteria is used in rDNA technology?
Is it possible that at any given point in the future, technology will fade away?
What are the features of the network, and how would it be in the next few years?
Is domain switching in the tech industry, as per interests and current tech trends, a good practice in the long term?
What's the hottest industry this year?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What is the next big thing with SpaceX?
What type of antenna is used in mobile phone receivers?
What is the latest technology for schools?
What are the most advanced papers on teleportation technology?
What is an easy-to-find and cheap, germ-free material? I live in Brazil but I don't know how evolved this technology is here.
Is the future of computing centralized and distributed via the cloud? Or will tech become so small and cheap we each have amazing home systems?
With the whole smart devices and technologies could we be downgrading our intelligence to the paleolithic in the near future?
How will technology in the future all be kept updated, and which technology won't fail a human being?
What will be the upcoming trends in the lubricants market?
Have sticky notes become less popular in the digital age?
Why should I buy a smartwatch?
Which are some of the applications of graphene?
Which are top highly payable technologies trending in market for 4 year experience developer?
Why are IoT engineers becoming a hot trend these days, and will this trend continue for a long period of time?
If someone proposes that you invest in an app that happens to be the next internet big thing, would you do it?
What discoveries do we expect astronomy to unravel over the next 5 years?
Have any messaging apps implemented voice-to-text as a default setting?
What is the best solution for analyzing industry trends?
Which are the best technological sites?
How technologically advanced are we really?
What are the latest programming trends this year, 2017?
What is the future of technology business?
What is current trending non-IT technology for MBA graduates?
What are the latest technological inventions around the globe?
What are the hot trends in big data in companies right now?
Is the rate at which globlization and technology is advancing, contributing in most Americans getting left behind? Or is this just a basic assumption?
Is Jack Ma correct to say that AI will cause more social pain than benefits over the next 30 years?
What do you predict is the next advancement in writing systems?
What will the next internet gold rush be?
How can I be updated about HR trends?
Are talk therapists in danger of being replaced by technological solutions?
Which site use angular?
Will the internet exist and still be used in the next 10 years?
What are some of the best magazines where I could learn about the latest innovations in music technology?
How should an Engineering student manage to stay updated with the latest industry and technology when the academic syllabus is way much outdated?
What is the new technology that has been adopted in the civil engineering field in the year 2017?
What are some specific examples of the term "advanced technology" that we use today?
What are the latest technologies introduced to the automotive industry?
What is the future of big data and Hadoop online classes?
In what ways can Microsoft improve their products?
What would India be like in the technology field after 10 years?
What are the leads and trends in new high-tech products now?
Will technology in the 2020s decade be similar to Corning Incorporated’s vision?
How do you see web/app performance optimizations changing in the next 10 years?
How is Tesla storing, processing, and uploading sensor data on their cars?
What's the latest invention and practical living products?
Where do you see the Manipal Institute of Technology in the next 10 years?
How can an IT company quintuple or more its sales over the next 5 years? My company is not big but has developed a tool which can show the flow of COBOL.
What is an emerging technology you could see changing the world?
What are the recent advances in surface measurement?
What is the current trend in stealth technologies?
When did you start noticing the impact of technological devices on your life?
What advice do you have for amateurs who want to learn about technology and the future of technology?
What will multi-family housing units be like in the next 20 years?
In the next decade, which professional career group will occupy the top?
What are some relatively recent trends/developments in electronic music?
How is Khan Academy able to explain complex ideas so much better?
Will technology affect a few people?
What will be done in biotechnology and nanotechnology in the future? Do they have any dark sides if we become advanced in these technologies?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How does the threat of emerging technology reduce recidivism?
Are there new technologies coming, or they have just stopped forever?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
What are some of the best blogs that would keep me updated with modern technology and advances in computer science?
What are some foreseeable technological trends in how we use electronics to access the internet, our data, or more?
What are the skills needed and the genuine sector to invest myself in to become mega rich within the next decade?
What are rather new technologies?
What are the latest trends in functional testing services?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
What sites should I visit frequently to keep myself up to date in the tech world?
Which is the better way to learn Hadoop technology? What are some technologies that will have the better scope in the future?
Why is the sub-Saharan part of Africa the most backward in the world in terms of technology and societal advancement?
What are the scientific and technological new inventions in the world?
How will technology affect tourism in the next 15 years?
What are the future technologies for development?
How did Charlotte Coliseum become obsolete so quickly?
What are the benefits of wearable technology?
Which advances faster, technology or medicine?
Which major technological products will continue to exist in our present century?
What will happen to the cinema industry in the next 10 years?
What are the latest B2B trends?
What is the future for IT employees in the next 5 years?
What are three of the most important technology or new media innovations that have been introduced in the last several years?
How soon will 100% eco-friendly autonomous cars be affordable?
Which technology is better to work with, SQL or AngularJs?
How much demand is there for CPQ Cloud technology?
What is the latest development in information technology?
Which technology is in demand for IT administrators?
What will be the hottest toy next year?
How do I improve the sale of biscuits with new technologies?
What are some outdoor motion capture solutions that require minimal equipment?
How do you predict that Internet culture will change in the next 10 to 20 years?
What do you think will be the next huge technological or scientific innovation, and what will its impact be on business?
Where can I find research reports, articles, etc. about the latest trends in store design, specifically in India?
What is the best free product to get IT users and clients for my new webpage https://tekkshare.com?
What are some of the best event tech trends?
Do you think technological advances are always good?
What is the new technology research in agriculture?
What is the biggest tragedy to ever slow the advancement of technology?
What is the next big thing in real estate in India?
How has technology changed over the past 100 years?
How can I be the smartest person in the room in the next 10 years if I start now?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in five years (2022)?
What are the latest technology trends in corrosion inhibitors (oil and gas industries)?
Is technology ruining the innocence of love in this tech-savvy era?
What are the technological trends in education?
Is Ukraine a good place to live and invest? What are its growth prospects over the next 10-20 years?
What is the upcomming technology in apps and websites?
Which are the biggest websites using Backbone.js?
What are the latest embedded technologies?
What if a global Carrington Event occurred in the next decade that knocked out power for more than five years?
Who died and made cauliflower the next big thing?
What do you think Quora will look like in the next ten years?
What does trustless mean when it comes to a technology?
To improve technology in Nigeria, what must be done, and how?
Are there bottlenecks in wearable computing research?
How many miles an hour does light travel?
Is there a wearable device to track arrhythmia?
What are the most fascinating advances in science or technology in the past year?
What are crimes you believe technology won't be able to "fix" in the next 20 years?
What is a good fibre optic OTDR mini portable unit?
What are some latest advancements in the field of data analysis or some latest opensource libraries or trends?
What is the next new technology/innovation that only Apple can get right?
What are the latest trends in aerospace?
What are the latest technologies that will be introduced in 2017?
How did technology change the world?
How do I manage my car rental business by using car rental applications?
What are the future industries expected to boom in a few years?
How can I mount a drive from my Windows Share Folder onto a Ubuntu OS.
With so much advancement in technology, why are dental treatments still as barbaric as they were 50 years ago?
How cheap will smartphones become in the next few years?
What are some improvements of 5G telecoms network over 4G?
What will the world be like with new technologies? What are these new technologies, in regards to the future, in your mind?
What is the next big IPO I should be keeping an eye on?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
What can be the 'humanity-changing' inventions in the future?
Is WiMAX technology coming to an end?
What is behind cutting edge geometry?
Which are the best home theatre systems in India and what are their respective prices?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
What are the biggest cases of companies that perish as a result of missed trend or failed forecast?
What are some of the emerging criminal justice technology innovations that will impact society?
What is the biggest trend in the future of work in your opinion?
What are some great websites/ other sources for the latest internet trends and businesses in the US?
Will Tezos replace the Internet?
What's the industry development trend for now?
Which is best future strategy with no loss?
Why do companies fail to migrate their web applications to the latest technology?
Do technological advances make for a higher quality of life?
What will be the future of the internet, 10 years from now?
What are the most exciting developments in science/technology happening right now?
Is technology an extension of ourselves?
What is the new current technology?
Using the latest technologies & maneuvers, what speeds can we hope to achieve in space flight?
Which latest technology should I prefer (learn) to stay in IT companies?
How will the technology we use improve within a decade?
What are the latest electronic protection and electronic support features in latest air defence systems?
Which is the newest technology in today's date?
Will civil aviation pilots be totally replaced by AI within the next 25 years?
In what pace is the technology growing?
How do you think World Cinema will develop over the next 50 years?
What are some of the most new and interesting technologies in IT industry?
Would the government allow Ford and GM to put unsafe cars on the road?
What are the most profitable industries in the next decade?
What would be the most 'futuristic' modern science in the next decades?
What are some good examples of "augmented reality"?
What are the latest trends in digital marketing​?
What industries are emerging now?
Which is the latest technology, in Indian IT?
What are the new advanced technologies used in enhanced oil recovery?
How will Apple Inc.’s stock perform in the next 5 years?
I have a technology blog where I write about the technologies that is already defining the future. What would you like reading on it?
The internet caused a huge leap for mankind. What do you think the next big "thing" will be that will change everything as we currently know it?
What are the revolutionary technologies or areas for software developers coming in the next generation for career prospects, apart from big data?
Google has almost killed all online dictionaries and lyrics websites. Who will be the next victims of Google's dominance over the internet?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
Where can I get sources for the latest wireless technology?
What are the current trends in Indian architecture?
What are the most sold cell phones?
What is GSM module?
What are the latest tech trends?
Can I use articles from tech applications to create videos for my channel?
What is the most anticipated tech of 2017?
What are your biggest goals right now that you hope to accomplish in the next 5-10 years?
Is a year down better than going next year with backlogs?
Which are the best technology applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What will be the fate of both the USA and Russia in the next 10-20 years? Who will have more supporting nations for them?
What are some of the newest technologies for the infantry?
What are the new technologies that will change the world in the coming years other than AI and IOT?
What are your thoughts about the prospect of Finland's economy in the next 5 years?
What are the hottest topics in technology today?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
What are the upcoming technologies in the mechanical field?
What innovations are you most excited to see emerging in urban areas over the next several years?
Can Samuel Petuhov change technology forever?
Will the Amazon Echo Look be a successful product?
Which jobs could be the most prospective in the next 5-10 years?
What are some of the best Facebook pages to like if I want to be updated regarding the latest technologies, gadgets, PCs, and mobile phones?
What is going to replace banks/the banking system? For example, small stores got replaced by new technology.
Is IOT the next big thing in IT and what skills would one need to enter this area?
Where do you think Derrick Rose could go next year?
What's the most promising emerging industry?
What are examples of companies that leapfrogged first-movers by only adopting new technology after it matured?
How will plumbing industry be affected by new technologies?
What's with the layoff from all the software giants? We knew this was coming but not this early. So what's next? How do we know the impact is over?
How far are we from a bionic/prosthetic hand capable of playing the piano?
What are the technologies most commonly used in Middle-East India?
What's a good alternative to Engadget for tech news?
What's exploding in the US that hasn't arrived yet in Europe?
What will be next big impact on digital India according to Nostradamus?
What is the future of conventional studies in 10 years?
Will Ethereum still be popular in 5-10 years?
Where in the world is the most electric car friendly?
What is the compensation and career progression of a SAS analyst over 5-10 years?
Should we, as a rapidly advancing technological society, be impressed by the release of waterproof cell phones?
What interesting developments can we expect in robotics in the next 5 years?
What is the source of information for Subramanyam KVJ with respect to technological innovations and advancements and how much time is spent daily?
What industries will have a promising future in Saudi Arabia for the next 10-15 years?
How is digitization going to change everyone's life in the next 10 years?
How much percent of the world is actually driving technological progress?
What are the hot industry new trends?
How do QR codes work?
How will the large-scale obsolescence of today's professions due to technological advancement transform society?
What are some emerging trends in IT outsourcing?
Is India a market or Producer of wearable technology?
What should be next big thing in India to start a startup with?
How dependable can the upcoming AI technology be considered?
What are the latest gadgets that can grab the attention of others (not including smartphones)?
How do you see the changes, both technological and philosophical, in the world during the next 50 years?
What is smartshader technology?
Where would you put $1m knowing that you can not touch it for the next 10 years?
What are the requirements to work in Boston Dynamics as a mechanical engineer?
What is the next technology that will be put into SOA Suite?
Which software tool or technology is best to learn for the next 5 to 10 years in IT?
Being in offshoring and outsourcing, I am seeing low levels in vendor’s quality of work. What do you think will happen to the industry in the next 5 years?
What field of science has the best chance of discovering big breakthroughs in the next 10 years?
How advanced are Chinese high-speed trains?
What are the latest technology adoption in employee performance management globally?
What are all the simple steps to become financially stable in the next 5 years?
What recent new technology excites you?
What scares you the most about technology?
How do I get career options with big data and Hadoop training in Bangalore?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
What is ransomware?
What are the disadvantages of lifi technology?
What will be the next big thing in 2017, after Google, Facebook and Twitter?
What are examples of companies that embraced consumer technologies after the technologies were already popular?
How is it possible that technology evolved so fast?
What is the latest technology in PHP?
To what extent is NASA going to involve itself in the coming 20 years? Can someone predict the exact destination?
What news is currently trending?
Where can I read the new report that Bloomberg created with a think tank, on how technology will affect work and jobs in the future?
Why are we using old technologies and becoming modern?
How can technology help in providing staffing solutions?
Is it possible for an IT experienced person to move to current IT trends?
What changes will we see in wiki in the upcoming years?
Over the next 5 years, which technology will have the greatest impact in accounting?
Is artificial intelligence the next big thing in India?
What are some new trends in startups?
What are the new trends in information technology development?
What are some websites that show you emerging tech trends or fields?
What will technology be like in the 2020s decade?
Which decade produced the greatest achievements in medical and technical advancements?
What is the best website for an mechanical enginner to learn the latest technology?
In the next 10 years, what new industry will be worthy of our investment?
How much will Patanjali grow in the next 5 years in whole world? Will it beat HUL?
Is the technological revolution going to change everything?
What will be the upcoming trends in Hypodermic Needles market 2016?
How are we able to see 3D objects when our retina is just a 2D screen?
What will a blockchain-based life look like in 15 years from now?
What is Gigya for?
In the the next ten years, what will be the best operating system in the world?
Why isn’t America supportive of new technology transportation systems?
What are the present trends in the construction industry?
Which area of computer science has the greatest potential for advancement in the next 30-50 years?
What is "movable wing technology" in the aerostructure industry, and what are the last trends of this technology?
What happens after the JAM?
What are the latest technological improvements in slats and flaps?
What is the next big thing in enterprise applications?
Is the laser TV the next-generation display technology?
Why are mechanical engineering students different from other branches?
Where I can read about new trends in celebrity management?
What are the emerging fields to select after class 12 for a computer science student?
What is the most advanced technological device?
What is meant by technological change?
What are the leading trends of new high-tech products this year?
How does wireless charging work?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
What are the most practical home improvements for minimizing home energy consumption?
Where do you see the Indian economy in the future, in 5, 10, 20 and 50 years? Where will it stand against the economies of other countries? Is it developing at full pace?
Which is better for engineering, EC or CE (computer) from a learning point of view and the trend in the next 5 years?
How can we design smart devices and wearable apps?
How is Evon technology?
What will be the future of radiopharmaceuticals in the coming 5 years?
How can I take my future in Internet and technology to the next level? I want to be a part of Google Inc.
What's the big thing going on with PlayStation?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Should I wait to be riffed?
Which technology has a demand in the future and has more survival chances?
What is smart city surveillance?
What are some of the best innovations that are most likely to shape future of mankind?
How do you see the future of Pakistan shaping up in the next 20 years?
What is technology like today?
What are some ways we're using technological advances to augment human memory?
What are some apps or websites that can help me stay digital-literate (up to date with tech/digital/IT)?
Why use technology?
What are your suggestions for good 40-inch LED TVs?
What would be the condition of the IT industry in the next 5 years?
What are some of the must-see technological innovations?
Does technological advancement have a metric unit?
Why is Snapchat so popular and did it bring new technology innovations?
What technologies are hot in the market?
How can blockchain technology overcome scalability issues in the near future?
How is the world going to change in the next 50 years?
What will the leading technology be in the future?
Is Alaxander Zverev the next big thing in tennis world?
What are the best trending gadgets in 2017?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What are the leading technologies?
Do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
What is the next advancement in tractor manufacturing?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
What are the types of network technologies?
How iPhone has changed our world?
How much of an illusion are the promises of a so-called crypto-future (coming technologies based on cryptography)?
What are the things after that you feel sorry or big mistake done by you?
What will be the future of (robotic) prosthetics, in the next few decades?
How do you see WikiTribune in 5-10 years?
Can Islam survive the next 100 years?
What social and economic consequences would arise if a true AIaaS (artificial Intelligence as a service) offering was available to anyone?
Are women destined to become significantly more dominant than men in American society over the next 50 to 100 years?
What is the best way to stay up to date on artificial Intelligence advancements?
What will happen if I don’t crack the trend.nxt exam held at Wipro?
What old technologies are still superior in quality?
How powerful will computing power be in the next 50 years?
What is the mobile technology uses by Pakistan?
What are some predictions for the market of computer programming in the next years?
What technologies will be available by the 2020s?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
Will PHP be alive for the next 10 years?
Which are trending technology news websites?
What are the differences between analog TV and digital TV?
What are the frequent queries about technology?
Are smart speakers (Alexa, Google Home, etc.) going to replace a meaningful fraction of the normal speaker market?
What is the Radio Garden?
Is structural biology the next "big thing" in biology?
What is the next big thing that is going to happen in India in terms of employment of youth?
How did Tropicana Field become obsolete so quickly?
What is the next big thing you are working on? Do you think you will change the world again the way you did with Wikipedia?
What are some of the things you can't do in spite of the technological advancements in today's world?
What are the things that Odisha people are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
What moonshots do you think will succeed in the next decade? Which ones will change your life?
What will be the upcoming trends in Electrical Enclosure market?
What are the next holidays coming up?
How will recruiting change or evolve in the next 10 years?
What are the top protocols in demand in 2017 that use Elisa technology?
What is one technology or a technology update that was readily embraced by the general public from the get-go?
Why is the travel market in India considered as the next big industry by investors and startups?
What technology is needed for the world now and in the future, especially in India?
Is recreational tourism the next big thing in entertainment and leisure business?
I would like to visit Japan next year, probably for 20-30 days. What are the things I need to take care of?
Where will the next big fight for oil be?
Is the Telugu film industry going to bloom in the near future?
What will be the best technology in 2025?
Are there any scholarships that cover everything from studying expenses to luxuries, such as a car (transportation) and the latest devices/technology?
What are the different practices of wearable computing research?
Why has technology not completely replaced the whiteboard yet?
What are three technological devices that have reduced privacy?
What are the most interesting software trends right now? And which trends are being overplayed?
It’s been a year that I haven’t been doing backend programming. How can I keep up with the latest trends?
What is Taobao's strategy for the next 10 years?
What kind of technologies can be used for upgrading cafes?
Can I expect Tessa to be common worldwide in another 10 years?
Do you think a self delivery food cart is the next big thing?
What are the global trends in mobile university learning?
Why are scientists saying we will have a population implosion in the next 50 years?
What are recent advancements in measurement and evaluation in education?
What do you think of wearable watches?
Can LTE-based tech smartphones from India be sufficient to support 5G or 6G in the future?
How do you check if someone has high honesty and integrity to work with and becoming business partners for the next 5 years?
What do you think will be the developments/changes in the area of biorobotics, in the next decade or two?
What is the cost we're paying for the technological advancements?
What are some top trending tools for IT professionals?
What should I choose at the age of 27, salary or latest technology for work?
What are the emerging industries now?
Could Microsoft be benefiting massively from the WannaCry ransomware attack?
What do you think is the one thing that advancement in technology can never change?
What are some everyday technologies that originated in the field of rocketry?
With the rapid advances in automotive technology, at which point does the industry take a turn for the worse?
Where do you see the United Kingdom in the next five to ten years (politically, socially, technologically)?
What is antisense technology?
What are the practical examples of ferrocement technology?
I'm doing some research on technology through the years, is technology a positive or negative influence over the past 60 year?
What will be the internet trends for 2017?
Considering sportswear technology and genetic editing advancements, how will the game of basketball look 100 years from now?
How advanced is technology now and what will change in the next 5 years?
What are the biggest trends in psychological research in 2017?
What's the globle upcoming new technology at present?
Are there currently hidden technologies, technologies that are kept secret? And for what reason?
What is the new technology that could be a game changer in coming years?
When you are looking to replace technology in your business, how do you go about evaluating the technology?
Will rejuvenation become possible in future medical technology?
What are your predictions for computer technology and mankind?
What's the most promising new industry in the future?
What things should I do/read to get updated with the latest technologies?
What technology advancement or growth will there be by 2025? Or just what will it be like in 2025?
Will personal data machines like smartphones and tablets be replaced by AI in the next decade?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
What is the most needed advance in sensor technology?
When is the next Evento version coming out?
As far as technological advances go, what things do you expect to see 50 years from now?
What technology training will be most desired in the next 3 years, when tech employers are looking for professional employees ($50k+ per year only)?
What jobs should I be considering for 5 - 10 years from now?
What will be the replacement for mobiles in future?
Why are US corporations using their more advanced technologies in other countries?
Which devices are considered as a technological miracles?
What are the chances of Canada making it to the top 5 world economies in the next 15-20 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pharmacovigilance market?
Which new/trending technology should I learn before my final year vacation?
What are some ideas or next generation apps or invention which can make a CS student billionaire within 2.5 years?
Can technology advancement make communism a reality without the painful failure of the case in Russia?
What is the next big revolution?
What is the future of video game industries in the next 5 years?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
If we are progressing so far in science and technology, why haven't they proved evolution yet?
What's the upcoming new technology this year?
What are latest trends in hardware trojans?
Will technological advances and advancing cultures lead long term to the extinction of the human race?
Apart from technological advances, how has warfare changed in the last few hundred years?
What are the latest AI's which are very advanced in their work and are reshaping the future?
Which are the best 5 Indian shares to buy for the next 10 years?
Are there any pitfalls to a fingerprint scanner payment method (with PIN), as opposed to the classic magnet/chip credit card reader?
How do developers stay relevant and up-to-date?
What does "i'll be freeloading into next year" mean?
What will come after the technological age?
What are the next big releases in 2017?
Has advances in technology caused increased insecurity compared to more good globally?
What new products should Google create?
What's going to happen to printed media in the 5 to 10 years?
What direction do you think music is going to go stylistically in the next decade?
Is there any difference between MIT Coursera and Real Learning?
What is the latest growing IT technology, and what are some good training centres in Bangalore for learning this technology?
How can technology help Indian farmer?
What is the latest technology in a data warehouse?
How do trends grow and die?
What is the future of mobile technology and IoT? Which will become more broadly accepted?
What's the likelihood that the hype around the Nokia 3310 coming back is true and the phone sells a lot of units compared to Apple or Samsung?
How can a programmer see the trends in web technology that are being used the most?
What will happen when everyone becomes tech savvy?
How can I develop an idea into an actual Android app?
What percentage of CFA jobs will machines take in the next 5 years?
What are the latest environmental control technologies used?
How would a future business/enterprise be different? How will emerging technologies like AI impact the way a company will be run in the future?
What major changes will happen in humans in the next 1,000 years?
Is it possible that gunshots will be close to silent as technology develops?
Which latest technology is used in Android applications?
What impact will SoftBank's $100B Vision Fund have on the venture capital industry in the US?
When does a product technology become old and a new one takes over?
What is Leader Technologies?
What organizational design changes, if any, do you see are needed to take advantage of technological changes?
How do I learn about the latest technology and modern techniques, like polyhouses, in agriculture in India?
What is the primary technology or development that allows drones to exist en masse now, but not ten years ago?
What are the best sources to keep up with meta-trends in digital transformation?
How has the advancement of technology affected recruitment?
How can new media technologies empower people?
What are the technologies that are used in JPMC?
What's the next big thing in data science?
How can I boost and increase the sales of my travel company?
What do you mean by digital transformation?
How do optical heart rate sensors work?
Why do some teachers not stay updated about the latest technologies and always teach the same thing?
Which sources should I follow in order to be regularly updated about the latest advancements in automobiles?
What are most advanced technologies in the world?
Is there a service like Circle that is offered in Canada?
How do I make a new technology?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What is the future of social networks and how do you think their design will change in the next 10 years?
What do B.Tech students think about the future of the armed forces with technology and how technology will change the face of warfare?
What are the upcoming trends in the gamification market?
What could be the alternate method to sell water, instead of one time use plastic water bottles?
What's the next process after coming up with the idea?
What are the latest developments in packaging technology? What can we expect in the future?
What is trending in the IT industry?
Which technology is best, CBTC or DTO?
Is it possible to make a necklace that will vibrate if another necklace is near? If yes, how?
What are the tools that will rule the IT industry in the next 20 years?
Are we heading to a future where all the tech gadgets will be using the same applications?
What will be India's military position in the world in the next 10 years?
What trends do you see taking place in the education industry in the next 5-10 years?
Is the definition of technology changing?
How can chatbots simplify travel bookings?
What's next after smartphones?
In the future, could new industries and new technologies create wealth beyond our imaginations?
Will automation take over accounting within the next few decades?
Do you think Kendrick’s next album will be a classic 20 years from now?
What will the upcoming trends be in the distribution automation market?
What is the latest technology used in formwork?
What is the Indian growth story for next 10 years?
Start: What's the first step to take after coming up with an idea for a company?
There is a prosthetic arm that can be controlled by a phone app, but wouldn't it be better to make it respond to the person's movements instead?
What is the biggest problem the world is going to face in the next 10 years?
What makes a cellphone vibrate?
What will be the upcoming trends in Smart Cards in Healthcare market 2015-2022?
How do I get .com, .net, or .in domains for free?
What are the upcoming trends in the cell culture media and reagents market?
What is your reference or source for staying up-to-date on all technological news and updates?
Is there any mobile app or software or invention banned because it could be highly misused?
What is the most important technology to develop in ten years?
How have advancements in technology affected graduation rates and grades?
What do you think has been the greatest technical innovation in the last 10 years?
Can Singapore survive for the next 100 or 200 years?
How will the world be transformed by the digitalization?
What are some of the travel trends followed by the travel technology companies in 2017?
Have you wondered what the world will be like in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Bluetooth beacon market?
If you had two buttons in front of you, and one took you 5 years back and the other 5 years forward, which button would you choose? Why?
Any OMICS scientists care to comment on the future of proteomics which is quiet recently, what are its major future trends?
What will be the future of mobile phone after a 30 years from now?
What is the best future technology you can imagine?
What are the coming new technologies?
What do you see as the next biggest tech trend?
What will happen in the next 5-10 years for certain (for example, global warming)?
What are the needs and roles of technology forecasting?
What will be the upcoming trends in the mechanical mine clearance systems market?
What are the issues with IOT sensors?
What are recent trends in technical education?
What will be the upcoming trends in the gas separation membranes market?
What will the upcoming trends be in the electric motors market in 2023?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
What will be the upcoming trends in Calcium Carbide market?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
What are the new trends in information technology in tourism?
What is the next big thing in Petroleum Engineering field?
Besides Concorde jets, what are some examples of a new technology being adopted in modern times but later abandoned in favour of older technology?
What do you envision the next 10-20 years to look like in the world?
What would you say will be the next big trend in the UX Design industry?
Could we go to Mars in the next couple of decades if we put all our economies into it?
What will be the change in technology after 50 years from now?
Have you ever heard of the data visualization and integration company, Edge Technologies?
What do you know about multijet condenser technology?
What is blockchain technology?
What are the upcoming Android Wear 2 smartwatches in India (2017)?
What are some of the crazy science & technology projects which will commence in near future?
What are the emerging trends entrepreneurship sector?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past century?
Do you think the price of housing will go down in the next 10 years?
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
What would be the next big thing in chemical engineering?
Why do people resist technology changes?
What is the next big thing in mechanical Engineering field?
How are chatbots important for the travel business?
What are some things that would revolutionize the world?
What do you guys consider to be the next big thing in the business world?
What is the best blogpost about digital transformation?
Is the advancement in technology really able to lead human to a great world in the future?
With all the advancements in technology in the future, how can we still have room for trees?
Why are passengers asked to switch off all electronic devices before takeoff and landing?
Will there be any theists after two-three hundred years when technology advancements are in verge?
Is the next big thing predicted or created?
What's the next big WordPress powered idea?
How realistic are electrical VTOL cars with current technology advancement?
What’s the next big thing in computer science engineering?
Just how far can technology advance in the smartphone area?
What will be the upcoming trends in Medical Adhesives and Sealants market?
If only one smartphone, like Galaxy S6, would have been developed back in 2007, how much would it have cost, and what implications would it have had?
What is SAR in mobile, and what is the highest value of SAR?
What is the coolest current or up and coming fitness technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Metrology software market?
What is the best wearable device as smart alarm/ smart wake up device?
What is your idea about future technology?
What are the upcoming trends in the ostomy drainage bags market?
What will be the next big problem humanity will face in the coming century?
Are we humnas really getting advanced as predicted decades ago?
Why is the online presence of your travel company vital for the business development?
What are some new technologies that will allow disabled people to live with more independence within the next decade?
What is the differentiation between OTAs and direct booking features?
What will be the upcoming trends in Email Encryption market?
What's your top 10 technology news page?
What do you know about TARV Technologies?
What are the recent trends in technical language?
How do I survive my last year of high school when all my friends are a year above and leaving next year?
How is Jio going to provide such a heavy discount for the next 4 to 5 years and survive in such a competitive market?
When you copy a cell in MS Excel, you notice a pattern moving in clockwise. Is there any way to have it moving in the opposite direction?
What is the next big thing you want to achieve in life?
How rapid is the change of technology? Is there any end to technological change?
What are some cool technologies to learn in 2017?
What will be the new technology that will come in the automobile industry?
What is the most exciting thing about 3D printing? Where do you see it being applied the most in the future?
What do you think about the future cars? The technology in the future cars? How far can technology go?
Technology: What is Raspberry Pi?
What are the latest scientific developments in the field of food science and technology in Canada?
How can you make a picture take up a whole page on Word?
What did you do/think/feel when you found out that the cure for death will be within the next 20 years?
What are some places where advanced technology is actually used?
How do I get the latest technology especially in networking?
What kind of PM methodologies will emerge in the near future?
If you came out with the next big thing after apps would it make you a trillionaire?
What are some of the touch points that can be capitalised upon in the travel industry?
What are the latest technologies in football in all aspects like training, refereeing, etc.?
What new manufacturing technologies can we expect to see in future space systems?
How will biology be developing in the next decade?
Will there be a shortage of pathologists in the USA and Canada in the next 10 years?
What will the upcoming trends in the exploration and production (E&P) software market be?
What is it like to be in the latest technology cinema in the USA?
What fields are going to be the most viable in the next 15 years?
What can we expect from mobile phone camera technology in the next few years?
How has the technology in the world affected my generation?
What is digital technology? Why are all IT services shifting towards digital technology? I thought everything was digital already. What changed?
What role, if any, would draftees play in a potential WW3? Does modern technology make "cannon fodder" obsolete?
Will I be likely to see bigger returns from a CD or a U.S Treasury bond over the next 5 years?
What advancements could be done in the field of building relocation?
What is the best way to keep up to date on ad technology?
As a journalist, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Non-Invasive Prenatal testing market 2016-2022?
What are the features that make car rental software important for your business?
How do I know the upcoming flight fare trends?
What are the key developments of latest GST?
What are the areas in which technological development is necessary in India?
What are the latest career trends in 2017?
Is automation only related to the introduction of new technology?
What’s new in technology?
Is it necessary for my travel company to have a mobile presence?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
How will the IT industry change in next 10 years?
In what ways would society change in the next 25 years?
What are examples of new technology that failed to replace its older counterpart?
What are the five big trends in healthcare?
Where do you see angel investing going in the next 5-10 years?
With advancement in technology, are development of cities still relevant?
Are we better off with all this new technology?
What is the next big thing from Blockchain for brands and the marketing space, and what happens if they ignore them now?
What are the latest trends, opportunities and challenges in FMCG sector?
How can a travel company take advantage of chatbots to overcome competition?
Which is the best book regarding the latest technology for power plants?
What are the new technologies in sensors?
What are the greatest disadvantages of technology?
Which technology is trending now in the IT industry?
Where do you see Syria in 5 or 10 years?
What are the most awesome technology in 2017?
What can I read to update my knowledge about the latest technology in cars?
What can be done about the Bangalore transport issue in the next 10 years?
What would be the next technological revolution after digital cash?
What will be the upcoming trends in MES & ECQM market?
What are some forms of philanthropy currently trending in 2017?
Doesn't it amaze you to see how much technology has evolved?
What ​kind of a robot would you like to see in the future? What are some projects that might be impossible with today's technology?
What will the future of robots look like in the next 50 - 100 years? Will they replace humans?
Is this technological era never going to come to an end?
What is the future going to be like?
What do you think will be the next major piece of technology that everyone in the world will have?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ediscovery market?
What are the new technology driven manufacturing setups is best for future business?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Unified Communication market?
What is the technology that lasts long in the future?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
What are the best sources for getting updated with latest discoveries and life hacks?
Which among the new and emerging memory technologies will change the computing industry?
What technological advancements are still necessary to replace police officers with automation?
What are the most technologically advanced air superiority fighters currently?
Is monogamy going to die in the next decade because it is too easy in the modern world to cheat?
What will be the future trends in back office operations?
What will be the biggest industry in the next decade?
What is the most innovative city / area in Europe at the moment?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enterprise Asset Management market?
If you came out with the next thing after smartphones, could that make you a trillionaire?
Does Societe Generale use the latest technology?
Why does the older generation find it significantly hard to adapt to new technology?
How can a honeybee make perfect hexagonal chambers without any geometrical instruments for her hive?
Where do you see CA as a profession in the next 10 years?
In what ways is advanced artificial intelligence likely to change the present economic and political paradigms of humanity?
What are the new fields in biotechnology?
Why do Japanese work long hours despite having the world's most advanced robotics technology?
Which is the best personal safety wearable device out there?
What will the next big technology of the next decade in the IT industry be?
How is technology helpful in hospitals?
As a news editor, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in A2P SMS market?
What will be the upcoming trends in X-ray Equipment market?
As Bitcoin starts to mature in the next 10-20 years, will it replace or supplement cash or currency?
Who is the technological genius of this decade?
What will the upcoming trends be in the asthma therapeutics market?
What is ZigBee?
Is there a timeline for future military innovations?
What are some of the most notable inventions that were once just a fantasy in a movie, but have now became a reality?
Is wearable tech dead?
What all new technology and experience do companies demand these days from freshers?
What do you predict the world will be like in 50 years?
Will paper ever become obsolete in India?
What technology was considered "cutting edge" a thousand years ago?
Is it possible to summarize the economic impact on agriculture in the next 5-10 years due to climate changes?
What are the key challenges for financial technology companies active in compliance/regulation/kyc verticals?
What processes will be automated within the next ten years?
What is the latest technology in brakes?
What should I learn in next 5 years to become financially successful?
How will the world look in next 100 years?
What is the next big thing in IoT?
Is it possible to look 5 to 10 years younger naturally even if one has led an unhealthy lifestyle for a couple of years, say, 5 years?
Will we have more technology to overcome in the future?
What are the top IoT trends for 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in the breast biopsy devices market?
If technology made Hollywood, can technology also take it away?
Who monitors private technological advancements to keep us up-to-date and safe with new technology?
What are some interesting websites or topics about current technology?
What is this new trend of kids, men, and legends memes?
Where can I get daily news updates about technology?
Do people need Azan in the world of smart tech, smartphones, and wearable tech?
Where can I get the latest and recent trends or innovations in research areas?
What could be the cost of gold in the next 10 years?
Where should I go to university next year?
What is the relationship between emerging technology and organisational performance?
Why is it that technology will or won't change the world?
What are the cringiest trends of 2017 so far?
What will be the upcoming trends in Colposcopes market?
What are recent electronics technologies?
How will Blockchain impact the financial industry over the next 20 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Zinc Citrate market?
With technology today, or that of the near future, could we create a functioning light saber (sabre)?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
Why do some people say VR contact lenses are the future in VR?
What are the things that will catch up in the next 10 years like web-based services did in the late 1990s and 2000s?
How do I see Paysa employee movement/trends?
What is the latest technology in cars?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What is the next big tech innovation after mobile phones and high tech computers?
Which technology was discovered recently?
What is the future scope of Uniface technology?
Which is the most reliable 16 GB memory card available in Indian market?
Which new technology is in high demand in information technology?
Is IBM Bluemix the next big thing?
How do I keep track of new technologies?
What's in tech today?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile payment market be in 2022?
What is VBage Tech?
What will some upcoming trends in the telecommunications API market be?
Will operations jobs become obsolete in the future due to AI?
What is the next big idea or product that will change the world?
What will be the upcoming trends in Listeria Monocytogenes Infections treatment market?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past decade?
Do theorists work on future Technologies?
What should I choose as my elective subject as per current technology trends, mobile computing or parallel and distributed computing?
What are the things that Indians are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
Do you ever find all this technology confusing when comparing the technology of the past to the technology today?
Where can I download a Steve Jobs and the Next Big Thing ebook or pdf version for free?
Is the technology in Horizon Zero Dawn possible within the next 50 years?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Where can I find up-to-date, trending deals?
What are some of the most complex & the most advanced technology mankind have ever invented?
What do people think will be the biggest breakthrough in technology in the next 10 years?
What are some upcoming technologies in DevOps?
What are the upcoming trends For website design?
How far can technology really go?
What should I do if someone calls the pound on my dog?
What are background screening industry trends?
What does “push the human race forward” mean?
What technology will be used in Flipkart?
What could be the two latest global trends in manufacturing and how can Nestle benefit from them?
What will be the upcoming trends in Car Rental market 2016?
What future tech would you like to see?
Will weed be legalised across the globe in the next 10-50 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Web Content Filtering market?
What do you think is the major advancement in the field of aerospace in the last 5 years?
What will the upcoming trends be in the ADME toxicology testing market?
What are new technologies in PCB?
What's the practice of architecture going to be like in the near future? What changes will we be seeing, given the fast rate of technological advancement?
Where can I get some cool ideas for decorating my room, my computer table and the walls?
What is the hottest trend or technology in software testing?
What is the most wanted technology to learn with ASP.NET?
What will technology be like on Earth 10,000 years from now?
Does anybody believe that brain signal reading technology is already being applied to the masses?
What were the biggest US tech exits in the last decade?
Which is the booming technology in the upcoming years in the IT industry?
What is the most exciting technology company out there at the moment and why?
What do you think computers will be like in 10 years?
What's the next big thing currently in the Silicon Valley?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Healthcare cybersecurity market?
What are some promising technology you wish had more funding?
Why do people think all tech industry workers are rich/six-figure earners?
How likely is it that something highly disruptive will happen to the western society in the next 20 years?
What must be changed in India in the next two years?
What's the next big leap in automotive systems?
What will be the upcoming trends in Power Tools market?
What might be the greatest change that can happen in the field of cooking in the upcoming years?
What is the newest thing, in terms of mobile tech, which is poised to grow exponentially in the future?
Could we go to any planets in the next few decades if we put most of our economies into it?
How did the MIRV technology come into existence? Whose brainchild is this sophisticated technology?
How does the Israeli society see the future in the long run? Are they optimistic about the world in the next 20 or 30 years?
Is it rational to assume that such advanced technological humanoids were unable to predict the destruction of Krypton?
What are the recent robotic trends?
What are the latest development in biotechnology?
Twentieth century wars spun off civilian technology. What tech came out of 21st century wars?
Will Appian be around for the next ten years?
What changes or improvements can we expect in the next 5 years in the way data is managed?
Do you think Bajaj Autos is good in their R&D, and where do you see the future of Bajaj Autos in the next 4 to 5 years?
How can I inspire my customers by having a good travel technology?
Which is the present technology used to develop new project?
What popular website isn't going to survive the next 10 years?
How does technology fit into Canada's future?
What advanced technology has been introduced in cars?
What are the new technologies in robotics?
Does language interpreters have a bright future, let's say in the next 15-20 years?
Is technology making us dumber or smarter?
How can process automation help organizations grow their digital business?
Why are advancements in technology growing exponentially?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What new devices will be introduced within the next 50 years?
Do you ever worried that may be in the next decade you are going to lose your job due to those super computers and robots?
What top 10 technological advancements in MEP will revolutionize construction industry?
What are the main advantages of using car rental software for your business?
What new product/technology has left you amazed?
The software boom made MS a giant, internet boom worked the same way for Amazon. What comes next? Space travel? AI? Virtual reality? Alternate energy?
What people need new technology?
Is there such thing as being big boned?
Would we ever reach a level of technological advancement to prevent death?
What are some interesting websites related to current technologies?
Which is the latest technology in science?
How far behind is India, in comparison to current global technological/scientific advancements and standard of living?
What is the latest technology in TV?
What are some of the most exciting advances in medical technology that are being pioneered now?
Have there been any updates on Kaede Uber?
Which technology company do you think is working on changing the world now?
What is the best biosecurity?
How do I find people who are so smart that can create any advancement and anything I can imagine with technology for my startup?
What's our future going to be like? Will it be a future of science because the technology that we have is evolving, or a wasteland future because of global warming, etc.?
What is your prediction for global developments in the next 10 years?
What are the recent trends in HRD?
Did someone from the future accidentally leave behind some advanced technology that started this whole UFO cover-up human chapter?
What are bouncing switches?
How do companies having old technology stack cope with the companies having almost same idea but latest technology stack?
What is it to be myself? How do I know what my talent is? How do I know in which field I do the best?
Computer Science: What are the advantages and disadvantages of von Neumann architecture vs Harvard architecture?
What were the 5 most significant scientific inventions for their time since 1917, and what might be the next, of similar importance, within 20 years?
Why haven't uncontacted peoples developed more advanced technology than what they currently have?
Why does a technology become outdated before it is implemented?
Is 2017 going to be the next IT industry bubble year?
What is the latest advanced gun?
I need a minimum of 50LPA in the next 10 years. Will Robotics help me achieve this?
What should be the cutting edge of software technology to learn that will have a good scope in the next 10 years?
Is virtual reality dead?
What are the latest developments in the electronics industry?
What current technologies can I learn?
What is the third stage of tri state logic device in digital electronics?
How do open source hardware companies avoid patent infringement?
What forms of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years?
Is Instagram going to be the next big thing?
How can I start a career in IOT technology?
Can I build a room of concrete and wood on my front yard?
How can I make much money in the next 5-10 years?
When we will have that futuristic dream world with all that cool technology, etc. Will we have another “future” to aim for and set as our next goal?
Why has technology favoured skilled workers over the past 60 years?
Over the last 5 years, there has been a trend of posting vulgar and blatant images of girls by themselves. What are your views on this?
What are the new IT Technologies?
Are there any ways to use technology in the judiciary?
What are the latest advancements in biomechanics?
How does Israel have the most technologically advanced military?
How is auditing in India going to change in the next 5 years?
What are your predictions for the software development industry over the next 5 years?
Why would you prefer Bigbasket over Grofers?
Is there a way to tweak Word to make the canvas look grey in a dark theme?
How has battery technology evolved in the past few years, and how can it evolve further?
How can smart baggage solutions help travelers?
Is it possible that in the people of the future will abandon technology a return to a similar way of life?
What innovative gadgets would you like to have in the future?
Does technology affect trust?
How far beyond can we go with nanotechnology?
What is the technology used in Samsung Pay for the Galaxy S8?
What techniques do you think marketers will use in the next 5-10 years to attract consumers?
What are your views about Globalisation and Protectism? Which of this is more dominant in next 10 years?
What popular jobs do you think will cease to exist in the next 20-30 years?
What sources should I follow and read everyday to keep up to date with new technologies and events in the IT industry?
Do people who received any type of degree(s) from online colleges or universities have a difficult time getting into the job market?
What does advanced technological fabrication and design mean?
Is .cloud a good domain for the next 10 years?
Do you need something that isn't existing today? (Technologies, etc…)
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical laboratory services market in 2024?
What do the jewels on high-end watches do? Do they have to be precious stones?
Can you use sun beams that shoot down to earth concentrated enough to drill into the ground?
What are the vital features of the car rental app?
Is there an inexpensive way to hire a patent attorney for a new invention?
What is FPGA? How does that works?
What's new in computer technology?
What does unknown technology mean?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
What are the criteria for Apple to obsolete a technology?
How about some insights on robotics trends for today?
Which Indian companies are focusing on becoming a digitally native vertical brand?
What would be a newer technological threshold come through within our lifetimes?
Is auditing safe from being automated in the next 50 years?
What is the future of automobiles in Pakistan in the next 5 years?
What are the top 3 car rental apps for Windows phone users?
What is it called when one day you used to enjoy doing things and the next day even big things bore you?
What all features one can expect from the development of wearable devices?
What are the main characteristics that make our car rental software unique?
Who believes technology from the FAR future already exists and that governments are just holding it back to release it in stages?
Can I make a feature like Alexa/Siri execute verbal and built in (automated) commands, open applications, give me system updates, learn, and more?
What are the most likely ways science might significantly reduce the need for sleep in the next 25 years?
Who invented li-fi?
What are the latest technologies to learn in 2017?
How does a patent lawyer conduct a patent search differently than a regular person might? How can you make your patent search more efficient?
Ignoring technology, what are the most important facets of a strong civilization?
How will technology help people in future years?
What are some new trends in siding for my home?
Where can I find the latest automotive development?
What are the vital properties of an e-commerce app for the travel industry?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enteral Feeding Devices market?
How will Robert kirkman be remembered years from now?
Can Dubai become the next NYC within 20 years?
What are the running trends in the global pepper industry?
What are the upcoming technologies in India by 2020?
What devices are used during live match broadcasting?
What are the next expected technological interventions waiting to happen in Cricket?
Should I enter the banking sector in the next 10 years?
What are the three latest river cruising trends in 2017?
What is the 2017 Microsoft exam track for a BI developer with the latest technology?
I have 10 product ideas. How to decide which start-up I need to start?
What is the emerging new gadgets?
How will hostility towards immigrants change in the US in the next 20 years?
What will be going on in the future?
What are the best blogs on the latest in eCommerce technology?
What are the 2017 trends for online videos?
In the next 20–40 years, who do you think will be the most respected researcher in computer science?
Do you believe that Lucknow will become an anti-corrupt city in next 5 years?
As a social entrepreneur having just an idea, what is the next big thing to do to attract investors?
What is MMX technology?
As of March 2017, what is the latest advancement in NLP with potentially a high impact in moving the field forward?
What are the best majors for ambitious young people?
What are the latest trends in database?
What are the new technologies available for constructing buildings?
How do electronic devices capture light?
What is the next technological advancement in battery storage?
How has computer technology revolutionized the process of communication?
What are the latest technologies in the world today and where can I read about them?
How do customers benefit from the growth of travel technology?
What is the growth of the drug delivery technologies market in the upcoming years?
With the advancements in technology, the demand for ATCs might reduce. Do you agree?
What is the next big MLM?
Why do people think we can go 100% renewable in the next 20 years?
How do I switch technology after working for 6years on obsolete technology?
What is the latest advancement in fabric finishes?
How do you think the internet will change in the next 20 years?
What are the reasons of scientific and technological advancement of Japan?
What are the new thing that we can implement by using IOT?
What is the objective for women's safety and security wearable device?
What's your prediction about Asia 10-20 years later?
How will the world be or look like in the next 200 years?
What is the difference between a microprocessor and microcontroller?
What is a blyebrain technology?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile wallet industry be?
What are the new technologies of 2017?
How does bluetooth connect two devices?
What are the biggest Trends in the future of work and professionals being automated and let go in 2017?
Will we likely have the technology to reliably reverse male vasectomies 10-20 years in the future?
What do you think is the next big wave in consumer tech?
Why, do you think, some older people have trouble adapting to new technologies?
The world of science, especially physics, is highly competitive. How do I stay up-to-date with the recent technological advancements?
What are the latest digital tools and technologies used in risk management?
Who do you think could be an alternate leader to Modi in the coming 5-10 years?
What would super fast nano technology physically look like?
Aside from AI, what other technologies do you think will change the upcoming world?
In what ways can technology be helpful to society?
What is the next big thing in the software industry that we can expect?
What technology tools do you see as being important in the future of health plans engaging with members or being more efficient?
Who contributes more to technological advancements? Research universities or for-profit companies?
What are the emerging advances/technologies in nanoparticle delivery systems?
How do I follow the latest trends in the travel technology market?
If you find a phone a hundred years in the future and give it to scientists today, what hypothetical advancements would be made in technology?
What will people do in ten years that currently seems far fetched?
What is the possibility of the euro collapsing in the next 10 years? How will this impact global markets and the future of MNCs?
What is the next big platform for marketing?
How technologically advanced will the world be in the next 10 to 20 years?
What implications on the legal field do new and emerging technologies have?
How is technology affecting the way we live? And why?
What are some of the best uses of bluetooth?
What is the most technological device a man could make all by himself in the forest?
How does the burglar alarm work?
What are the most expensive purchases from an app?
Is any language going to grow bigger than JavaScript in the next 10 years?
What are the manifestations of evolution in the current era apart of the technological development?
What do doctors think of wearable technology?
What do you think of Nigeria in the next 10 years?
Is there a limit to technological development?
Who is aware that the world is going another direction based on technology?
How did the Me 262 revolutionize jet technology?
What is the scope of a Muslim student in Canada, who is afraid that majority of world would be xenophobic by next 10 years?
What’s next, after the internet and mobiles?
Which one is better to start with: Arduino or AVR?
How is data stored in DNA?
Which jobs are the most threatened by future technological advances?
What is the future of the networking industry? Which network technology could shape our future in years to come?
What form of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years? Is it true that Chinese emergence is a threat to the democratic model?
If you had a history book from 10 years in the future, what would you do with it?
What will be the future technologies for IT jobs?
How can I get expert help for implementing wearable technology at workplace?
What are the most important things to consider for email marketing for a travel agency?
How will technology trends change how democracy works over the next 100 years?
Is our current technological rate of improvement faster than what it used to be?
How do I select the best microcontroller for a specific application?
What are the new innovations in wearables in 2017?
What are the pros and cons of DIY microprocessing boards like Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Adafruit, Beaglebone, and such? What are the major differences?
How do you know if a meme is outdated?
How do I keep myself up to date in today's business world?
What are some international technology conferences?
Can immortality be achieved in the next 20 years?
What are some examples of technology that advanced without a scientific foundation?
Where do you see Sudan 20 years from now?
What is the future of gene therapy? What is the latest update to this technology?
What should I do right now to be rich in the next two years?
What are some emerging disruptive technologies, the legal implications of which most lay people have yet to imagine?
How does new technology influence you as a worker or a leaner?
What is the coolest technology that you wish existed today and that you think will exist in the future?
Will automation and advanced technology reduce manufacturing costs to make automobiles cheaper for consumers in 2020 as compared to 10 years ago?
Which technologies do you think will shape science in the next 5 years?
How is the travel industry impacted by chatbots?
How can I start learning car electronics?
What are small stocks that have huge potential over the next 5 years?
What are the three major mistakes of travel companies that affects their growth?
How do I get information regarding the new technology that is being used by the IT field?
What is the best way to keep abreast of the latest developments in machine learning?
How do I future-proof my career in India? What are the industries that will vanish in the next 20 years?
How has the travel industry been impacted by chatbots?
Which is the tech review (blog/channel) that you refer before buying stuff? And, why?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Point-of-Care Diagnostics / Testing (POCT) market?
What are the latest technologies for energy conservation?
What are the next wave of tech for SMEs / SMBs?
What is the upcoming trends in Ultrasound Devices industry?
Given the fact that technology/methodology expires in three years, why do companies ask for 5+ or 8+ years of experience in technology/methodology?
What technology in IT should I know myself to stay ahead in the coming 2-3 years?
What image do you get when you imagine yourself after five years? Where do you want to see yourself?
What would be most hurtening to think after 10 years from now?
What are some technology revolutions that may come in the future?
What is the next leap forward in smart phones?
What is the next big job in the commerce field?
What is the most likely scenario for a world war in the next decade, assuming one will happen?
What nations do you think are most likely to have a civil war in the next 10- 15 years?
What are the latest trends and developments in automation industry and how it is going to change in future?
Is the Internet of things the next trend to change and hopefully improve humanity's wellbeing?
What new technologies are likely to be developed in the future (in 100yrs)?
What technology is likely to be a big business in Africa in the near future?
When will there be enough technological advancement to have electric airplanes?
What is the best wearable technology in 2017?
What are the travel technology trends in 2017?
Which Arduino board should beginners buy?
How did travel websites with booking system modules grow over the last few years?
How do you foresee the future in 50 years' time?
What are some scientific concepts which were accepted absolutely a few years ago, but have been refuted now after advanced research?
What are some common flaws in mobile devices?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
What are the trends in education today?
How do I find the next big thing like Bitcoin?
What are the technologies that will survive the next 10 years?
How do I start a travel agency business in 15 days?
How does Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology work?
How will the world change in the next 10 years?
What are the challenges you see coming up for Canada in the next decade?
Is there any web development company with latest technology?
What are the specific aspects that make car rental applications inevitable for your travel business?
What is the scope for VFX in the next 10 years?
Is it possible to create a bot that can read books and pages the way we read in our mind? If so, how can one train it as the pace of reading differs, every time.
What are some of the touch points for customers in the travel industry?
Are we ready for a bear, or a prolonged sideways, market for approximately the next 20 years?
Do you know the hottest trend in bitcoin business industry?
How many upcoming national parties do you see in the next 10 to 15 years?
What is “mobile malware”?
What are the pros and cons of technological advancements?
How does multi-touch work?
What is the second most technologically advanced racing series after F1?
What is Canada's biggest challenge in the next 10 years?
Why is Amadeus software in great demand for the Travel agencies in Saudi Arabia, Dubai and other middle east countries?
What are the latest trends in compliance with responsible sourcing requirements?
How does Silicon Valley plan to deal with the problems that automation is bound to create?
What information would make foresight professionals more successful?
Where do you see UP politics, in the next 10 years?
What will be the leading realm in the next 5 years?
How is tourism going to increase in Europe within the next 5 years?
What solutions can we expect from genomics in the next 5 years towards a diagnosis and cure?
What will Australian foreign policy be in the next 20-30 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the infant formula market?
What is your wildest imagination about our future technology?
Will there come a time when there will be no innovation and technological advancement?
What will the future of drugs be?
What equipment would I need if I wanted to manufacture hardware products in my garage?
Which smartphone has the most advanced technology?
What are benefits of Beacon Technology for businesses?
How do I build my own website with the latest technology?
Where do you see the internet heading within the next 10 years?
How reliable is theguardian.com?
What do you think about phones getting thinner?
Is the Information Technology field down for the next 5 years?
How can I boost and increase the sales of my travel company?
What is Jimmy's next big thing?
Why do some teachers not stay updated about the latest technologies and always teach the same thing?
What technology is making the most advancements right now?
What will be the upcoming trends in the emu oil market?
Which is the trending technology in IT right now?
What are emerging technologies in the IT field?
Has the smartphone industry contributed to the advancement of technology in other fields?
Is there a service like Circle that is offered in Canada?
How do I make a new technology?
What is the most revolutionary technology?
What is going to happen to health insurance over the next 5 years?
What are the best tools and gadgets overall?
What is new in MLM? What do you think about technology and wearable health devices?
If something changed the atmosphere so combustion was impossible but we could still breath, what new technologies (weapons and vehicles) would be developed?
Which technology is best, CBTC or DTO?
Do you think the USA is going to have another revolution in the next 20+ years?
If earth was flat how would it affect my daily routine?
Where can I submit a theory?
How much will technology and automation change society?
How can chatbots simplify travel bookings?
Is journalism going to die in the next 5 years?
What technological innovations can we expect to see by 2022?
What devices are used during live match broadcasting?
What are some of the greatest limitations to our technological advancement today?
There is a prosthetic arm that can be controlled by a phone app, but wouldn't it be better to make it respond to the person's movements instead?
How can I keep up with the trends, and where do I find them?
What 5 natural resources of today could be used with advanced technology in the future (25 years ahead)?
What makes a cellphone vibrate?
Which non-top ten cryptocurrencies have the biggest potential in the next 2-to-3 years time?
What will be the upcoming trends in Smart Cards in Healthcare market 2015-2022?
What are the new technologies of 2017?
The world of science, especially physics, is highly competitive. How do I stay up-to-date with the recent technological advancements?
How can I keep myself updated with all the latest movies, TV series, and other stuff? I feel like I lag way behind many in keeping myself updated.
What is the latest technology that I should learn to five in website development?
What are some of the great answers to the question, "Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years"?
How does the Internet rank historically as a disruptive technology? How does it match up, broadly, with flight or, specifically, with the telephone?
What is the most important technology to develop in ten years?
What are the emerging advances/technologies in nanoparticle delivery systems?
What developments do you expect to see in Wikipedia over the next 5 years?
What are the features of the Samsung Galaxy S9 going to be?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
What do you think of Nigeria in the next 10 years?
Is there a well-researched infographic that does an overview of technological history, emphasizing the exponential advancement of the last century?
How do I keep up with the new trends and technologies around the world?
What are some new technologies that IT companies are using?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Bluetooth beacon market?
If you had two buttons in front of you, and one took you 5 years back and the other 5 years forward, which button would you choose? Why?
Any OMICS scientists care to comment on the future of proteomics which is quiet recently, what are its major future trends?
What are the pros and cons of DIY microprocessing boards like Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Adafruit, Beaglebone, and such? What are the major differences?
Should the Indian government completely ban the BS-III vehicles in the next 5 to 10 years?
What are your predictions of the future 50 years hence, socially, economically, politically and technologically?
Is Japanese automobile technology far ahead of the Germans technology?
What is the best way to keep up with new music?
What are recent trends in technical education?
What will be the upcoming trends in the gas separation membranes market?
What is an emerging trend?
What will the upcoming trends be in the electric motors market in 2023?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
Why isn’t the world focussing on commercializing nanotechnology in the medical, science and technology fields?
What is the next big thing in Petroleum Engineering field?
What is the hardest truth humanity will have to accept for the next decades?
What do you envision the next 10-20 years to look like in the world?
Which technology do you use for Minance?
I'd like to make the most affordable smartphone with the latest technology and Android software. Where can I start?
Seeing the current market scenario, is it advisable to continue in telecom and IT? What are prospective fields for the next 25 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in endoscopy devices market?
What do you know about multijet condenser technology?
What might be some of the future trends in cockpit designs?
How can we use technology to salvage the current economic meltdown felt in most countries, and will Generation Z be at the forefront of helping out?
What will the IT sector look like in the next few years, and how can we safeguard our current jobs?
What nations do you think are most likely to have a civil war in the next 10- 15 years?
What technology is likely to be a big business in Africa in the near future?
What are the emerging trends entrepreneurship sector?
Do you think the price of housing will go down in the next 10 years?
What are the most advanced papers on teleportation technology?
With the whole smart devices and technologies could we be downgrading our intelligence to the paleolithic in the near future?
How will technology in the future all be kept updated, and which technology won't fail a human being?
What discoveries do we expect astronomy to unravel over the next 5 years?
How are chatbots important for the travel business?
What will be the upcoming trends in the car rental market?
What should be the cutting edge of software technology to learn that will have a good scope in the next 10 years?
What are some reliable websites for getting updates on latest science and technology?
With all the advancements in technology in the future, how can we still have room for trees?
What is a technology that has not improved for several decades?
Over the last 5 years, there has been a trend of posting vulgar and blatant images of girls by themselves. What are your views on this?
How does Israel have the most technologically advanced military?
Will there be any theists after two-three hundred years when technology advancements are in verge?
How realistic are electrical VTOL cars with current technology advancement?
What are some specific examples of the term "advanced technology" that we use today?
Does technology affect trust?
In what ways can Microsoft improve their products?
Do people who received any type of degree(s) from online colleges or universities have a difficult time getting into the job market?
If only one smartphone, like Galaxy S6, would have been developed back in 2007, how much would it have cost, and what implications would it have had?
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical laboratory services market in 2024?
What's the latest invention and practical living products?
What would be a newer technological threshold come through within our lifetimes?
How can an IT company quintuple or more its sales over the next 5 years? My company is not big but has developed a tool which can show the flow of COBOL.
What is an emerging technology you could see changing the world?
What is the current trend in stealth technologies?
What will multi-family housing units be like in the next 20 years?
What are some relatively recent trends/developments in electronic music?
How is Khan Academy able to explain complex ideas so much better?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
Why is the online presence of your travel company vital for the business development?
What are the running trends in the global pepper industry?
What are the upcoming technologies in India by 2020?
What will be the upcoming trends in Email Encryption market?
What are the recent trends in technical language?
What are the latest trends in functional testing services?
How do I survive my last year of high school when all my friends are a year above and leaving next year?
What sites should I visit frequently to keep myself up to date in the tech world?
When you copy a cell in MS Excel, you notice a pattern moving in clockwise. Is there any way to have it moving in the opposite direction?
What is the next big thing you want to achieve in life?
How has computer technology revolutionized the process of communication?
What will be the latest in software technology for the next 10 years?
How will technology affect tourism in the next 15 years?
Which apps or technologies would you improve if you could?
How rapid is the change of technology? Is there any end to technological change?
What is the objective for women's safety and security wearable device?
What are some cool technologies to learn in 2017?
What are the latest B2B trends?
What do you think will be the next big thing in CS/software after machine learning?
What is the future for IT employees in the next 5 years?
What are three of the most important technology or new media innovations that have been introduced in the last several years?
What will be the hottest toy next year?
What are some outdoor motion capture solutions that require minimal equipment?
How can you make a picture take up a whole page on Word?
In what ways can technology be helpful to society?
What is the possibility of the euro collapsing in the next 10 years? How will this impact global markets and the future of MNCs?
What are some places where advanced technology is actually used?
What are some of the best event tech trends?
What is the weakest religion that is going to lose its prominence in the next few decades?
Do you think technological advances are always good?
What is the most technological device a man could make all by himself in the forest?
What are the most expensive purchases from an app?
How do I get the latest technology especially in networking?
How has technology changed over the past 100 years?
How can I be the smartest person in the room in the next 10 years if I start now?
Where will the next new wave of technology come from?
What is the upcomming technology in apps and websites?
How will technology trends change how democracy works over the next 100 years?
What if a global Carrington Event occurred in the next decade that knocked out power for more than five years?
How will biology be developing in the next decade?
What do you think Quora will look like in the next ten years?
Are there bottlenecks in wearable computing research?
What are the most fascinating advances in science or technology in the past year?
What are crimes you believe technology won't be able to "fix" in the next 20 years?
How has the technology in the world affected my generation?
Will I be likely to see bigger returns from a CD or a U.S Treasury bond over the next 5 years?
Which technologies do you think will shape science in the next 5 years?
What are the latest trends in aerospace?
How can I mount a drive from my Windows Share Folder onto a Ubuntu OS.
How do I know the upcoming flight fare trends?
What are the key developments of latest GST?
What’s new in technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Point-of-Care Diagnostics / Testing (POCT) market?
What are the importance of technology?
What is behind cutting edge geometry?
What are future technologies for automobiles?
Where do you see Twitter in the next decade?
How will the IT industry change in next 10 years?
What are some technology revolutions that may come in the future?
What is the next leap forward in smart phones?
What are examples of new technology that failed to replace its older counterpart?
What's the industry development trend for now?
Which is best future strategy with no loss?
With advancement in technology, are development of cities still relevant?
What are your predictions in the next 20 years for the culture war?
How does Silicon Valley plan to deal with the problems that automation is bound to create?
How do you think World Cinema will develop over the next 50 years?
What are some emerging technologies that are not iterative and are predicated on new areas of discovery?
What is the next big thing from Blockchain for brands and the marketing space, and what happens if they ignore them now?
What are the latest trends, opportunities and challenges in FMCG sector?
Would the government allow Ford and GM to put unsafe cars on the road?
What would be the most 'futuristic' modern science in the next decades?
How far can we push technology?
Which latest technology is the best in information technology?
What are the new advanced technologies used in enhanced oil recovery?
Which technology is trending now in the IT industry?
What are the current trends in Indian architecture?
What are the most sold cell phones?
What is GSM module?
What are the advanced technologies in the field of thermal engineering?
Can I use articles from tech applications to create videos for my channel?
What can be done about the Bangalore transport issue in the next 10 years?
What would be the next technological revolution after digital cash?
How is auditing in India going to change in the next 5 years?
What are some of the newest technologies for the infantry?
What are your predictions for the software development industry over the next 5 years?
What are your thoughts about the prospect of Finland's economy in the next 5 years?
What are the hottest topics in technology today?
What ​kind of a robot would you like to see in the future? What are some projects that might be impossible with today's technology?
What will the future of robots look like in the next 50 - 100 years? Will they replace humans?
What popular jobs do you think will cease to exist in the next 20-30 years?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
What are the upcoming technologies in the mechanical field?
Which jobs could be the most prospective in the next 5-10 years?
How about some insights on robotics trends for today?
What are some of the best Facebook pages to like if I want to be updated regarding the latest technologies, gadgets, PCs, and mobile phones?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
What is going to replace banks/the banking system? For example, small stores got replaced by new technology.
Is auditing safe from being automated in the next 50 years?
What are the most technologically advanced air superiority fighters currently?
Who invented li-fi?
What's a good alternative to Engadget for tech news?
What's exploding in the US that hasn't arrived yet in Europe?
What is the technology about flexible screens?
What interesting developments can we expect in robotics in the next 5 years?
What is the source of information for Subramanyam KVJ with respect to technological innovations and advancements and how much time is spent daily?
How much percent of the world is actually driving technological progress?
What are the hot industry new trends?
How do QR codes work?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enterprise Asset Management market?
If you came out with the next thing after smartphones, could that make you a trillionaire?
Does Societe Generale use the latest technology?
Why does the older generation find it significantly hard to adapt to new technology?
Why do people think we can go 100% renewable in the next 20 years?
How do you see the changes, both technological and philosophical, in the world during the next 50 years?
Are wrongful executions possible in today technology?
In what ways is advanced artificial intelligence likely to change the present economic and political paradigms of humanity?
What are the new fields in biotechnology?
Why do Japanese work long hours despite having the world's most advanced robotics technology?
Being in offshoring and outsourcing, I am seeing low levels in vendor’s quality of work. What do you think will happen to the industry in the next 5 years?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in X-ray Equipment market?
Which book should I use for the latest trends and technology in the fields of mechanical and automobile engineering?
How advanced are Chinese high-speed trains?
What will the upcoming trends be in the asthma therapeutics market?
What is ZigBee?
Is there a timeline for future military innovations?
What are some of the most notable inventions that were once just a fantasy in a movie, but have now became a reality?
What recent new technology excites you?
Why is Hadoop training in Bangalore in high demand?
Is wearable tech dead?
What do you predict the world will be like in 50 years?
How is data stored in DNA?
What is the latest technology in brakes?
What should I learn in next 5 years to become financially successful?
What are the latest key disrupters in cloud as a service in the next 5 years?
Computers have made most of the billionaires in this era. What is the next big thing?
What will be the next big change in the Energy industry?
What are the new innovations in wearables in 2017?
What are the two top-most obstacles to India's economic progress in next 5 years?
Is it possible to look 5 to 10 years younger naturally even if one has led an unhealthy lifestyle for a couple of years, say, 5 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the breast biopsy devices market?
If technology made Hollywood, can technology also take it away?
Who monitors private technological advancements to keep us up-to-date and safe with new technology?
Over the next 5 years, which technology will have the greatest impact in accounting?
What is the best website for an mechanical enginner to learn the latest technology?
Where can I get daily news updates about technology?
Is the technological revolution going to change everything?
How do I future-proof my career in India? What are the industries that will vanish in the next 20 years?
How are we able to see 3D objects when our retina is just a 2D screen?
Which area of computer science has the greatest potential for advancement in the next 30-50 years?
What is "movable wing technology" in the aerostructure industry, and what are the last trends of this technology?
Why are mechanical engineering students different from other branches?
Where I can read about new trends in celebrity management?
What technology in IT should I know myself to stay ahead in the coming 2-3 years?
What different benefits has technology brought?
Why is it that technology will or won't change the world?
How valid / useful can economic and political forecasts be 5 to 10 years ahead?
Is there any web development company with latest technology?
Is it possible to create a bot that can read books and pages the way we read in our mind? If so, how can one train it as the pace of reading differs, every time.
Which is better for engineering, EC or CE (computer) from a learning point of view and the trend in the next 5 years?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
What are the things that will catch up in the next 10 years like web-based services did in the late 1990s and 2000s?
What is the latest technology in cars?
How do you see the future of Pakistan shaping up in the next 20 years?
What are some transforming technologies and how have Innovations in IT changed the world?
Why use technology?
Which new technology is in high demand in information technology?
Is 2017 going to be the next IT industry bubble year?
How do I keep myself motivated in life?
How do I keep track of new technologies?
What company will likely be first to offer consumers non-medical implantations of computer technology into the human body?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past decade?
Is it possible that in the people of the future will abandon technology a return to a similar way of life?
What are the things that Indians are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
Is .cloud a good domain for the next 10 years?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What do people think will be the biggest breakthrough in technology in the next 10 years?
What is the best way to stay up to date on artificial Intelligence advancements?
What's new in computer technology?
What are the frequent queries about technology?
What all features one can expect from the development of wearable devices?
How did Tropicana Field become obsolete so quickly?
Ignoring technology, what are the most important facets of a strong civilization?
What could be the two latest global trends in manufacturing and how can Nestle benefit from them?
Where can I find the latest automotive development?
What moonshots do you think will succeed in the next decade? Which ones will change your life?
Is advances in animation technology a threat to actors and filmmaker's jobs?
What are the next holidays coming up?
How will recruiting change or evolve in the next 10 years?
What technology is needed for the world now and in the future, especially in India?
What will be the upcoming trends in Web Content Filtering market?
Do you believe that Lucknow will become an anti-corrupt city in next 5 years?
As of March 2017, what is the latest advancement in NLP with potentially a high impact in moving the field forward?
Is the Telugu film industry going to bloom in the near future?
What will be the best technology in 2025?
What are the different practices of wearable computing research?
How do you think the internet will change in the next 20 years?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile wallet industry be?
What are the most interesting software trends right now? And which trends are being overplayed?
It’s been a year that I haven’t been doing backend programming. How can I keep up with the latest trends?
What is Taobao's strategy for the next 10 years?
What kind of technologies can be used for upgrading cafes?
What will technology be like on Earth 10,000 years from now?
Why, do you think, some older people have trouble adapting to new technologies?
What are the global trends in mobile university learning?
Why are scientists saying we will have a population implosion in the next 50 years?
Aside from AI, what other technologies do you think will change the upcoming world?
What is the most exciting technology company out there at the moment and why?
What do you think computers will be like in 10 years?
How technologically advanced will the world be in the next 10 to 20 years?
Could Microsoft be benefiting massively from the WannaCry ransomware attack?
What are some everyday technologies that originated in the field of rocketry?
What are the practical examples of ferrocement technology?
Who is aware that the world is going another direction based on technology?
What will be the internet trends for 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Healthcare cybersecurity market?
What’s next, after the internet and mobiles?
Why do people think all tech industry workers are rich/six-figure earners?
What will be the future technologies for IT jobs?
How can I get expert help for implementing wearable technology at workplace?
Is our current technological rate of improvement faster than what it used to be?
How do I select the best microcontroller for a specific application?
What is the new technology that could be a game changer in coming years?
When you are looking to replace technology in your business, how do you go about evaluating the technology?
Will rejuvenation become possible in future medical technology?
What might be the greatest change that can happen in the field of cooking in the upcoming years?
What is the newest thing, in terms of mobile tech, which is poised to grow exponentially in the future?
Is it rational to assume that such advanced technological humanoids were unable to predict the destruction of Krypton?
What future tech would you want to see in your house in the future?
What will be the replacement for mobiles in future?
What changes or improvements can we expect in the next 5 years in the way data is managed?
Can technology advancement make communism a reality without the painful failure of the case in Russia?
Do you think Bajaj Autos is good in their R&D, and where do you see the future of Bajaj Autos in the next 4 to 5 years?
What is the next big revolution?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
What's the upcoming new technology this year?
What advanced technology has been introduced in cars?
What are latest trends in hardware trojans?
What are some average scientific gas price predictions for the US over the next 20 years?
What are the new technologies in robotics?
How do developers stay relevant and up-to-date?
What does "i'll be freeloading into next year" mean?
Is technology making us dumber or smarter?
Has advances in technology caused increased insecurity compared to more good globally?
What's going to happen to printed media in the 5 to 10 years?
What is the latest growing IT technology, and what are some good training centres in Bangalore for learning this technology?
How can technology help Indian farmer?
What top 10 technological advancements in MEP will revolutionize construction industry?
What do you think will happen to the Middle East in the next 20 years?
What are the latest technologies to be learnt in Software testing?
What new product/technology has left you amazed?
What will happen when everyone becomes tech savvy?
What are some of the touch points for customers in the travel industry?
Which latest technology is used in Android applications?
What are the latest trends in compliance with responsible sourcing requirements?
What impact will SoftBank's $100B Vision Fund have on the venture capital industry in the US?
What is the latest technology in TV?
What are some of the most exciting advances in medical technology that are being pioneered now?
What is the best biosecurity?
How can I be updated about HR trends?
Why has technology favoured skilled workers over the past 60 years?
How do I find people who are so smart that can create any advancement and anything I can imagine with technology for my startup?
Did someone from the future accidentally leave behind some advanced technology that started this whole UFO cover-up human chapter?
How can new media technologies empower people?
Can France become the Mecca of Islam in Europe in the next 20 years?
What are the downsides of new technological innovation, such as drones?
What are the technologies that are used in JPMC?
What do you mean by digital transformation?
Why does technology constantly change?
What is the best epilepsy wearable device that can help patients and analyze their emotions and movement?
What are most advanced technologies in the world?
Which technological courses will be in high demand in future?
Can I build a room of concrete and wood on my front yard?
Is web science the next big thing? How will it evolve?
What will be the upcoming trends in Companion Diagnostics market?
What do B.Tech students think about the future of the armed forces with technology and how technology will change the face of warfare?
What are the upcoming trends in the gamification market?
What's the next process after coming up with the idea?
What are the prospects that an artificial kidney will be available in the next 5 years?
At what year do you see manufacturing becoming completely robotic next year or in 5 to 10 years?
What is trending in the IT industry?
What are the technical skills that will be required in the next decade?
What are the main characteristics that make our car rental software unique?
How many technological/biomedical inventions started as military projects?
How will the food industry change because of technology?
What are the future trends in business in Bangladesh?
Are we heading to a future where all the tech gadgets will be using the same applications?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in ten years (2017)?
How can we use the internet wisely?
What will be Quora's main source of competition over the next ten or so years?
What are the next expected technological interventions waiting to happen in Cricket?
Should I enter the banking sector in the next 10 years?
What is the latest technology in lung transplants?
What is the Indian growth story for next 10 years?
What are the best blogs on the latest in eCommerce technology?
What are some of the distribution trends in the Travel Technology industry?
How is wearable technology changing the world around us?
What is the biggest problem the world is going to face in the next 10 years?
What would Tamriel look like if it ever reached the technology we have today?
What is labour augmenting technological progress?
What technological advances have helped the world to become a global village?
How do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
How do I get .com, .net, or .in domains for free?
What is the IT technology that’s hot on the market and expected to grow in the future?
What is the most exciting / promising developing technology in spaceflight propulsion?
In the near future, could most countries get available space technology like the way most countries have aircraft technologies now?
What is the biggest mistake ever made in the history of technology?
Is it good to be a year down instead of carrying a backlog for next year?
What will people do in ten years that currently seems far fetched?
How have advancements in technology affected graduation rates and grades?
What implications on the legal field do new and emerging technologies have?
If humans stopped innovating technology today, how much would AI advance/change current services in the next decade?
What are the recent emerging industries?
How did the Me 262 revolutionize jet technology?
What is the scope of a Muslim student in Canada, who is afraid that majority of world would be xenophobic by next 10 years?
What websites do you read to keep up to date on all the latest news about medicine and health?
Can Singapore survive for the next 100 or 200 years?
What are Top 10 Internet of Things Technologies?
What are some of the travel trends followed by the travel technology companies in 2017?
What according to you is the next big thing that the future generation will take for granted?
What are some potential innovations happened in India in the past 5 years that impacted globally?
How do you know if a meme is outdated?
How would you like to see technology change in the future?
What is the best future technology you can imagine?
What are the coming new technologies?
Can immortality be achieved in the next 20 years?
What is the future of gene therapy? What is the latest update to this technology?
What will happen in the next 5-10 years for certain (for example, global warming)?
What are the needs and roles of technology forecasting?
What book should I use for the latest trends and technology in the fields of mechanical and automobile engineering?
What are some technologies that exist but aren't commonly used or known about, that are significantly better than the current technology in use?
What are the warehousing trends in 2017?
Which is the best technology available to us presently?
What are best entrepreneurs long term vision?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
How has the travel industry been impacted by chatbots?
What is the best book for automobile engineering that has the latest technology?
Have you ever heard of the data visualization and integration company, Edge Technologies?
What is the worst use of technologies nowadays?
Is it possible that at any given point in the future, technology will fade away?
What is blockchain technology?
Which Arduino board should beginners buy?
How do I start a travel agency business in 15 days?
What type of antenna is used in mobile phone receivers?
What is the latest technology for schools?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
Why is Amadeus software in great demand for the Travel agencies in Saudi Arabia, Dubai and other middle east countries?
Do you believe that the pace of life has increased with the development of technologies?
Which are some of the applications of graphene?
If someone proposes that you invest in an app that happens to be the next internet big thing, would you do it?
What is the next big thing in mechanical Engineering field?
Have any messaging apps implemented voice-to-text as a default setting?
What is the best solution for analyzing industry trends?
How technologically advanced are we really?
What are the latest technological inventions around the globe?
I need a minimum of 50LPA in the next 10 years. Will Robotics help me achieve this?
What are some things that would revolutionize the world?
What are the hot trends in big data in companies right now?
What current technologies can I learn?
Is the rate at which globlization and technology is advancing, contributing in most Americans getting left behind? Or is this just a basic assumption?
Is Jack Ma correct to say that AI will cause more social pain than benefits over the next 30 years?
How do I change the world in terms of technology?
What do you predict is the next advancement in writing systems?
What are the new IT Technologies?
Which site use angular?
What's the next big WordPress powered idea?
What’s the next big thing in computer science engineering?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What is the technology used in Samsung Pay for the Galaxy S8?
What will be the energy mix in the next 20 years?
What would India be like in the technology field after 10 years?
What sources should I follow and read everyday to keep up to date with new technologies and events in the IT industry?
Do you need something that isn't existing today? (Technologies, etc…)
What are the recent trends in ECE?
What is SAR in mobile, and what is the highest value of SAR?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Where do you see the Manipal Institute of Technology in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the distribution automation industry?
When did you start noticing the impact of technological devices on your life?
Will technology affect a few people?
Are we humnas really getting advanced as predicted decades ago?
Will smartphones be the centre/base of all wearable gadgets in future?
How does the threat of emerging technology reduce recidivism?
Are there new technologies coming, or they have just stopped forever?
What are some new technologies that will allow disabled people to live with more independence within the next decade?
What are some foreseeable technological trends in how we use electronics to access the internet, our data, or more?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
What are the global trends and developments in the alloy and special steel sector?
What are the 2017 trends for online videos?
What is MMX technology?
What will the next generation of coffeeshops look like?
Which advances faster, technology or medicine?
What is the latest advancement in fabric finishes?
What will be the new technology that will come in the automobile industry?
What is the most exciting thing about 3D printing? Where do you see it being applied the most in the future?
How much demand is there for CPQ Cloud technology?
What are some examples of technological advances?
How do I improve the sale of biscuits with new technologies?
What is the next big thing in the software industry that we can expect?
What do you think will be the next huge technological or scientific innovation, and what will its impact be on business?
What did you do/think/feel when you found out that the cure for death will be within the next 20 years?
How is technology affecting the way we live? And why?
What are the manifestations of evolution in the current era apart of the technological development?
What is the next big thing in real estate in India?
What kind of PM methodologies will emerge in the near future?
Is technology ruining the innocence of love in this tech-savvy era?
What are the technological trends in education?
What is the future of the networking industry? Which network technology could shape our future in years to come?
If you came out with the next big thing after apps would it make you a trillionaire?
To improve technology in Nigeria, what must be done, and how?
What are some emerging disruptive technologies, the legal implications of which most lay people have yet to imagine?
What will the upcoming trends in the exploration and production (E&P) software market be?
What fields are going to be the most viable in the next 15 years?
What can we expect from mobile phone camera technology in the next few years?
What are some latest advancements in the field of data analysis or some latest opensource libraries or trends?
What are the latest career trends in 2017?
What will the world be like with new technologies? What are these new technologies, in regards to the future, in your mind?
How long into the future and by what foreseeable technological means will muggles be able to replicate various Harry Potter magic?
Is it necessary for my travel company to have a mobile presence?
What are some of the emerging criminal justice technology innovations that will impact society?
What are some great websites/ other sources for the latest internet trends and businesses in the US?
What are the technologies that will survive the next 10 years?
Is technology an extension of ourselves?
What is the new current technology?
What is Canada's biggest challenge in the next 10 years?
Using the latest technologies & maneuvers, what speeds can we hope to achieve in space flight?
Which latest technology should I prefer (learn) to stay in IT companies?
What will be the leading realm in the next 5 years?
What solutions can we expect from genomics in the next 5 years towards a diagnosis and cure?
Which is the newest technology in today's date?
What are some of the most new and interesting technologies in IT industry?
What are some good examples of "augmented reality"?
What industries are emerging now?
How will Apple Inc.’s stock perform in the next 5 years?
What are the new technologies in sensors?
What are the impossible technologies that became possible in the last 10 years?
What are the greatest disadvantages of technology?
The internet caused a huge leap for mankind. What do you think the next big "thing" will be that will change everything as we currently know it?
Where do you see Syria in 5 or 10 years?
What is the current trend in Education and Technology?
What are the revolutionary technologies or areas for software developers coming in the next generation for career prospects, apart from big data?
Do you think libraries will disappear in the future?
Google has almost killed all online dictionaries and lyrics websites. Who will be the next victims of Google's dominance over the internet?
What is the most anticipated tech of 2017?
How did the three technological revolutions impact the world?
Is a year down better than going next year with backlogs?
What are some forms of philanthropy currently trending in 2017?
Do we have technologies that can take us to the stars?
What are the new technologies that will change the world in the coming years other than AI and IOT?
Doesn't it amaze you to see how much technology has evolved?
Is this technological era never going to come to an end?
Does the current state of technological advances makes us think less effectively?
What are your views about Globalisation and Protectism? Which of this is more dominant in next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Unified Communication market?
Can Samuel Petuhov change technology forever?
What is the technology that lasts long in the future?
Which Indian companies are focusing on becoming a digitally native vertical brand?
Is IOT the next big thing in IT and what skills would one need to enter this area?
Where do you think Derrick Rose could go next year?
What are examples of companies that leapfrogged first-movers by only adopting new technology after it matured?
How will plumbing industry be affected by new technologies?
What are the technologies most commonly used in Middle-East India?
What is the future of conventional studies in 10 years?
What are the newest technologies available in computational mechanics?
What will be the biggest industry in the next decade?
What is the compensation and career progression of a SAS analyst over 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the furniture market?
Should we, as a rapidly advancing technological society, be impressed by the release of waterproof cell phones?
What changes will we be seeing in the Indian IT industry in the next 5 years?
What is the most innovative city / area in Europe at the moment?
Is India a market or Producer of wearable technology?
How dependable can the upcoming AI technology be considered?
How can a honeybee make perfect hexagonal chambers without any geometrical instruments for her hive?
How can I find Future Tech products?
What will the next big technology of the next decade in the IT industry be?
What are some recent technological advancements in water?
What is the next technology that will be put into SOA Suite?
How is technology helpful in hospitals?
As a news editor, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
Which software tool or technology is best to learn for the next 5 to 10 years in IT?
Who is the technological genius of this decade?
Can technology surprise you anymore?
What are examples of technology that were very costly at the start; but, over time, reduced to a nominal amount?
What do doctors think of wearable technology?
What should I spend the next 20 years learning about?
What are examples of companies that embraced consumer technologies after the technologies were already popular?
How is it possible that technology evolved so fast?
What are the top IoT trends for 2017?
What are some examples of technology that advanced without a scientific foundation?
Are there any new artistic papers that were made possible by new technology?
How will the role of HR change in the next few decades?
Where can I read the new report that Bloomberg created with a think tank, on how technology will affect work and jobs in the future?
What changes will we see in wiki in the upcoming years?
What are the new trends in information technology development?
What are some websites that show you emerging tech trends or fields?
What are some interesting websites or topics about current technology?
Is the rate the technology advances in the movie Transcendence realistic?
What will a blockchain-based life look like in 15 years from now?
In the the next ten years, what will be the best operating system in the world?
What are the present trends in the construction industry?
What is the next big thing in enterprise applications?
What is the relationship between emerging technology and organisational performance?
What are the emerging fields to select after class 12 for a computer science student?
What is the most advanced technological device?
How does wireless charging work?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
How will Blockchain impact the financial industry over the next 20 years?
Where do you see the Indian economy in the future, in 5, 10, 20 and 50 years? Where will it stand against the economies of other countries? Is it developing at full pace?
With technology today, or that of the near future, could we create a functioning light saber (sabre)?
When will the CD/DVD technology completely disappear?
How can I take my future in Internet and technology to the next level? I want to be a part of Google Inc.
Will China become an autarky within the next decade or two?
What's the big thing going on with PlayStation?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Should I wait to be riffed?
How do I see Paysa employee movement/trends?
What are some ways we're using technological advances to augment human memory?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What will the future of drugs be?
What is the next big tech innovation after mobile phones and high tech computers?
What's the next big thing in computer science?
What is it to be myself? How do I know what my talent is? How do I know in which field I do the best?
What advancements will we see in NLP in the next 5 to 10 years?
What technologies are hot in the market?
How can blockchain technology overcome scalability issues in the near future?
Is Alaxander Zverev the next big thing in tennis world?
What is the most outdated technology that you use in your workplace?
Do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
How much of an illusion are the promises of a so-called crypto-future (coming technologies based on cryptography)?
How iPhone has changed our world?
What innovative gadgets would you like to have in the future?
Is VR overrated?
Do you ever find all this technology confusing when comparing the technology of the past to the technology today?
How do you see WikiTribune in 5-10 years?
What does advanced technological fabrication and design mean?
Where can I find up-to-date, trending deals?
Can you use sun beams that shoot down to earth concentrated enough to drill into the ground?
Is there an inexpensive way to hire a patent attorney for a new invention?
What are the upcoming trends For website design?
What old technologies are still superior in quality?
What are the criteria for Apple to obsolete a technology?
What should I do if someone calls the pound on my dog?
What technologies will be available by the 2020s?
Which are trending technology news websites?
Are smart speakers (Alexa, Google Home, etc.) going to replace a meaningful fraction of the normal speaker market?
What is the top trending topic in mobile security in 2017?
Can Android OS be replaced with any new technology in the future?
How does Google's API Cloud Video Intelligence work?
Will college diplomas become obsolete in the future?
How has technology changed socialization?
In the next 20–40 years, who do you think will be the most respected researcher in computer science?
How do electronic devices capture light?
How does it feel like being exposed to a new world and technology after a 15+ year of coma state?
What do you think is the major advancement in the field of aerospace in the last 5 years?
Where will the next big fight for oil be?
What will the upcoming trends be in the ADME toxicology testing market?
What's the practice of architecture going to be like in the near future? What changes will we be seeing, given the fast rate of technological advancement?
Where can I get some cool ideas for decorating my room, my computer table and the walls?
What are the reasons of scientific and technological advancement of Japan?
If landing on the moon was possible decades ago, why don't we see other nations doing the same thing now that technology is way more advanced?
In the next ten years, what growth do you expect to see in protein therapeutics?
What are recent advancements in measurement and evaluation in education?
How do you check if someone has high honesty and integrity to work with and becoming business partners for the next 5 years?
What should I choose at the age of 27, salary or latest technology for work?
If you find a phone a hundred years in the future and give it to scientists today, what hypothetical advancements would be made in technology?
Considering sportswear technology and genetic editing advancements, how will the game of basketball look 100 years from now?
What must be changed in India in the next two years?
What's the next big leap in automotive systems?
Could we go to any planets in the next few decades if we put most of our economies into it?
What is the next trend in car lighting?
What's the most promising new industry in the future?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
When is the next Evento version coming out?
What technology training will be most desired in the next 3 years, when tech employers are looking for professional employees ($50k+ per year only)?
What jobs should I be considering for 5 - 10 years from now?
How does the Israeli society see the future in the long run? Are they optimistic about the world in the next 20 or 30 years?
What do you think the world will be like 10 years from now (2017)?
What are the latest development in biotechnology?
Why are US corporations using their more advanced technologies in other countries?
Will industrial engineering become obsolete?
Which new/trending technology should I learn before my final year vacation?
Will Appian be around for the next ten years?
What is the smallest possible diameter hole that can be drilled using the latest technology, and by which process?
How can I inspire my customers by having a good travel technology?
If we are progressing so far in science and technology, why haven't they proved evolution yet?
What popular website isn't going to survive the next 10 years?
Which is the tech review (blog/channel) that you refer before buying stuff? And, why?
What are the industries that would be booming in the next 5 to 10 years?
Will technological advances and advancing cultures lead long term to the extinction of the human race?
Apart from technological advances, how has warfare changed in the last few hundred years?
Can Ethereum be the next big thing after Bitcoin?
Why are advancements in technology growing exponentially?
What new technologies are likely to be developed in the future (in 100yrs)?
What new devices will be introduced within the next 50 years?
Do you ever worried that may be in the next decade you are going to lose your job due to those super computers and robots?
What is the latest technology in a data warehouse?
What are some scientific concepts which were accepted absolutely a few years ago, but have been refuted now after advanced research?
What are the main advantages of using car rental software for your business?
Does the IT (Computer Technology) of Canada have potential in the near future?
What's the likelihood that the hype around the Nokia 3310 coming back is true and the phone sells a lot of units compared to Apple or Samsung?
What percentage of CFA jobs will machines take in the next 5 years?
Is there such thing as being big boned?
What are the latest environmental control technologies used?
What are some interesting websites related to current technologies?
Which is the latest technology in science?
Will the Android 5 Lollipop still exist in the next two years?
What is Leader Technologies?
What organizational design changes, if any, do you see are needed to take advantage of technological changes?
How do I learn about the latest technology and modern techniques, like polyhouses, in agriculture in India?
What is the primary technology or development that allows drones to exist en masse now, but not ten years ago?
What are the best sources to keep up with meta-trends in digital transformation?
What is your prediction for global developments in the next 10 years?
Which is the most technologically advanced motorcycle in India?
What are the new technologies in automobiles?
What is the latest technology in robotics?
What are the latest developments in the electronics industry?
What are the best audio gadgets?
Why does it appear that technology makes huge advancements every year that can be seen and applied in the field, while medicine slowly progresses?
What technology did people in the 1900s predict in the future (e.g., for 2000)?
What are the trends in chemical manufacturing today?
What are the technological advancements in design?
How likely is it for the outermost layers of our brains to be entirely artificial by the next decade?
How has battery technology evolved in the past few years, and how can it evolve further?
What is the next big thing in the real estate world? Either you move with the trends or get left behind.
What are the latest technological advancement in recent times?
What is the latest technology now?
What are the areas in banking where technological advancement are needed currently?
Who believes technology from the FAR future already exists and that governments are just holding it back to release it in stages?
What will be India's military position in the world in the next 10 years?
Is the definition of technology changing?
Has there been a rapid progression in materialism recently or has the advancement in communication technology, just brought it to our attention?
What is the next big thing in cryptocurrency?
What's next after smartphones?
What are the most exciting problems to be working on in the high end audio market over the next two years?
In the future, could new industries and new technologies create wealth beyond our imaginations?
What will the upcoming trends be in the distribution automation market?
Who will our enemies be in the next 50 years?
What is the latest technology used in formwork?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
We always talk about where we have gotten in 20 years. How much technology would've developed? What's humanity's future? But what happens to us today?
What are the latest manufacturing trends and how can Nestle benefit from them?
What are the best majors for ambitious young people?
Start: What's the first step to take after coming up with an idea for a company?
How do customers benefit from the growth of travel technology?
What is the latest irrigation technology?
Why do some people eat dogs and cats?
How do you become an “early adopter” of the next big thing in the tech world?
What is the next big MLM?
What are the latest trends in pre-engineered buildings (PEB) and structures?
Why don't banks rewrite their software with the latest bleeding edge technology?
Is Marshmello the next big thing in EDM music?
Does not it necessary for the number of diseases to be reduced while technology is so advanced?
What would super fast nano technology physically look like?
What is the latest or an upcoming technology/topics related to security, cryptography, or digital signature for delivering a technical seminar?
What is the next big platform for marketing?
Which are the best tech applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What do you think has been the greatest technical innovation in the last 10 years?
What ‘geo – economic’ region in the world offers the best business development opportunity in the next 5 years?
How will the world be transformed by the digitalization?
How will airline costs be affected in the next 5-10 years?
What will be the future of mobile phone after a 30 years from now?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
What's the upcoming new technology now?
Which areas should India really focus on right now and where can technology be used to tackle those issues?
What is the latest technology that's used in smartphones?
What are the major trends in jewelry in 2017?
What are the new trends in information technology in tourism?
Besides Concorde jets, what are some examples of a new technology being adopted in modern times but later abandoned in favour of older technology?
What is the best way to keep abreast of the latest developments in machine learning?
What technological changes will happen over next 7-10 years?
What should I do to improve my skills in technology?
What is beacon technology?
What home color trends for 2017 are you most excited about?
What is the best way of learning T24 technology?
What will be the change in technology after 50 years from now?
What image do you get when you imagine yourself after five years? Where do you want to see yourself?
Which part of bacteria is used in rDNA technology?
What are some common flaws in mobile devices?
What are the upcoming Android Wear 2 smartwatches in India (2017)?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
What are the specific aspects that make car rental applications inevitable for your travel business?
Are we ready for a bear, or a prolonged sideways, market for approximately the next 20 years?
How many upcoming national parties do you see in the next 10 to 15 years?
Have sticky notes become less popular in the digital age?
Why should I buy a smartwatch?
Which are top highly payable technologies trending in market for 4 year experience developer?
What would be the next big thing in chemical engineering?
Will there come a time when there will be no innovation and technological advancement?
Is AI the next big (Good / Worst) change for the world?
Why do people resist technology changes?
What are the recent trends in HRD?
Which are the best technological sites?
What is the future of technology business?
What are the latest programming trends this year, 2017?
What is the latest advanced gun?
What are some of the main theories about mindcontrol and erasing memories?
What is the third stage of tri state logic device in digital electronics?
How do open source hardware companies avoid patent infringement?
What will the next internet gold rush be?
Why are passengers asked to switch off all electronic devices before takeoff and landing?
Is the next big thing predicted or created?
Are talk therapists in danger of being replaced by technological solutions?
Is there a way to tweak Word to make the canvas look grey in a dark theme?
What is the new technology that has been adopted in the civil engineering field in the year 2017?
What are the latest technologies introduced to the automotive industry?
How far beyond can we go with nanotechnology?
What is the future of big data and Hadoop online classes?
Just how far can technology advance in the smartphone area?
What are the leads and trends in new high-tech products now?
Will technology in the 2020s decade be similar to Corning Incorporated’s vision?
What will be the upcoming trends in Medical Adhesives and Sealants market?
Why is the thicc trend a thing?
What is the coolest current or up and coming fitness technology?
Do you think demons are inter-dimensional beings with advanced technology?
What is the impact of wearable technology over the healthcare sector?
What will be the upcoming trends in the electric vehicle market?
What are the recent advances in surface measurement?
What is the future of automobiles in Pakistan in the next 5 years?
What are the upcoming trends in the ostomy drainage bags market?
In the next decade, which professional career group will occupy the top?
What will be done in biotechnology and nanotechnology in the future? Do they have any dark sides if we become advanced in these technologies?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
What is the differentiation between OTAs and direct booking features?
What's your top 10 technology news page?
What are the skills needed and the genuine sector to invest myself in to become mega rich within the next decade?
What are rather new technologies?
Which is the better way to learn Hadoop technology? What are some technologies that will have the better scope in the future?
Why is the sub-Saharan part of Africa the most backward in the world in terms of technology and societal advancement?
What are the latest technologies in the world today and where can I read about them?
How did Charlotte Coliseum become obsolete so quickly?
What are the benefits of wearable technology?
What are the new thing that we can implement by using IOT?
Why are banks slow to adopt new technology?
Which major technological products will continue to exist in our present century?
Will we likely have the technology to reliably reverse male vasectomies 10-20 years in the future?
How soon will 100% eco-friendly autonomous cars be affordable?
Which technology is in demand for IT administrators?
What are the latest scientific developments in the field of food science and technology in Canada?
How do you predict that Internet culture will change in the next 10 to 20 years?
Which subtitle software is being used by prime focus technologies?
Where can I find research reports, articles, etc. about the latest trends in store design, specifically in India?
Is any language going to grow bigger than JavaScript in the next 10 years?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in five years (2022)?
What are the latest technology trends in corrosion inhibitors (oil and gas industries)?
Which jobs are the most threatened by future technological advances?
Which are the biggest websites using Backbone.js?
Looking at the trend of technology inventions, what kind of technology advancements will we witness by 2050?
What are some of the touch points that can be capitalised upon in the travel industry?
What are the latest technologies in football in all aspects like training, refereeing, etc.?
How do I keep myself up to date in today's business world?
What does trustless mean when it comes to a technology?
How many miles an hour does light travel?
Will there be a shortage of pathologists in the USA and Canada in the next 10 years?
What should BPOs do to stay relevant in this digital era?
What is it like to be in the latest technology cinema in the USA?
What is a good fibre optic OTDR mini portable unit?
What role, if any, would draftees play in a potential WW3? Does modern technology make "cannon fodder" obsolete?
What advancements could be done in the field of building relocation?
What are the latest technologies that will be introduced in 2017?
How do I manage my car rental business by using car rental applications?
What are the three major mistakes of travel companies that affects their growth?
What are the future industries expected to boom in a few years?
With so much advancement in technology, why are dental treatments still as barbaric as they were 50 years ago?
What will be the upcoming trends in Non-Invasive Prenatal testing market 2016-2022?
Are there any legal concentrated drugs in the USA for sleep?
How cheap will smartphones become in the next few years?
Is automation only related to the introduction of new technology?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
What can be the 'humanity-changing' inventions in the future?
Is WiMAX technology coming to an end?
Given the fact that technology/methodology expires in three years, why do companies ask for 5+ or 8+ years of experience in technology/methodology?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
What is the most reactive element in group 1?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
What is the next big job in the commerce field?
What is the most likely scenario for a world war in the next decade, assuming one will happen?
Will Tezos replace the Internet?
What are the five big trends in healthcare?
What changes do you want to see in your country in the next 5 years?
What is the scope for VFX in the next 10 years?
What's the future of Apple in the next 10 years?
What information would make foresight professionals more successful?
What are the latest electronic protection and electronic support features in latest air defence systems?
What will the upcoming trends in the powder coatings industry be?
In what pace is the technology growing?
What are the latest trends in digital marketing​?
What's our future going to be like? Will it be a future of science because the technology that we have is evolving, or a wasteland future because of global warming, etc.?
I have a technology blog where I write about the technologies that is already defining the future. What would you like reading on it?
What are the hot topics of the coming 5-10 years?
Where can I get sources for the latest wireless technology?
What are the most awesome technology in 2017?
What can I read to update my knowledge about the latest technology in cars?
Is Instagram going to be the next big thing?
What are your biggest goals right now that you hope to accomplish in the next 5-10 years?
Which are the best technology applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What will be the fate of both the USA and Russia in the next 10-20 years? Who will have more supporting nations for them?
What will be the upcoming trends in MES & ECQM market?
What is the future going to be like?
What do you think will be the next major piece of technology that everyone in the world will have?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ediscovery market?
What are the vital features of the car rental app?
What is FPGA? How does that works?
Which companies in Guntur and Vijayawada can offer VR technology like a VR lens and videos and games to experience it?
What are the best sources for getting updated with latest discoveries and life hacks?
What's the most promising emerging industry?
What technological advancements are still necessary to replace police officers with automation?
Is monogamy going to die in the next decade because it is too easy in the modern world to cheat?
What are the most likely ways science might significantly reduce the need for sleep in the next 25 years?
How far are we from a bionic/prosthetic hand capable of playing the piano?
What will be next big impact on digital India according to Nostradamus?
Will Ethereum still be popular in 5-10 years?
Where in the world is the most electric car friendly?
What do you think the world will be like in 10 years?
How will the large-scale obsolescence of today's professions due to technological advancement transform society?
What should be next big thing in India to start a startup with?
What are the latest gadgets that can grab the attention of others (not including smartphones)?
Where would you put $1m knowing that you can not touch it for the next 10 years?
Where do you see CA as a profession in the next 10 years?
Which is the best personal safety wearable device out there?
What are the requirements to work in Boston Dynamics as a mechanical engineer?
As Bitcoin starts to mature in the next 10-20 years, will it replace or supplement cash or currency?
How do I follow the latest trends in the travel technology market?
What scares you the most about technology?
What are some of the best uses of bluetooth?
What all new technology and experience do companies demand these days from freshers?
Will paper ever become obsolete in India?
What is ransomware?
Astrologically, is a saint expected to lead the country in the next 10 years?
What processes will be automated within the next ten years?
What are the disadvantages of lifi technology?
What will be the next big thing in 2017, after Google, Facebook and Twitter?
How will the world look in next 100 years?
What is the next big thing in IoT?
Will we have more technology to overcome in the future?
What are some international technology conferences?
What is the latest technology in PHP?
How can technology help in providing staffing solutions?
Is it possible for an IT experienced person to move to current IT trends?
Is artificial intelligence the next big thing in India?
What will technology be like in the 2020s decade?
Will automation and advanced technology reduce manufacturing costs to make automobiles cheaper for consumers in 2020 as compared to 10 years ago?
How much will Patanjali grow in the next 5 years in whole world? Will it beat HUL?
What will be the upcoming trends in Hypodermic Needles market 2016?
Do people need Azan in the world of smart tech, smartphones, and wearable tech?
What is Gigya for?
Why isn’t America supportive of new technology transportation systems?
What do you think computers will be like in the next 35 years?
Where can I get the latest and recent trends or innovations in research areas?
What trends will we see in politics 20 years from now?
What happens after the JAM?
Is the laser TV the next-generation display technology?
Is there any new discovery in technology recently?
Where should I go to university next year?
What is the latest technology used in events execution?
What is meant by technological change?
What are the cringiest trends of 2017 so far?
What are the leading trends of new high-tech products this year?
What are recent electronics technologies?
How do I find the next big thing like Bitcoin?
How will the world change in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Zinc Citrate market?
How can we design smart devices and wearable apps?
Do you know the hottest trend in bitcoin business industry?
What is “mobile malware”?
What will be the future of radiopharmaceuticals in the coming 5 years?
Which technology has a demand in the future and has more survival chances?
Why do some people say VR contact lenses are the future in VR?
What is smart city surveillance?
What will Australian foreign policy be in the next 20-30 years?
What is the next big thing after Bitcoin?
What are your suggestions for good 40-inch LED TVs?
What would be the condition of the IT industry in the next 5 years?
What are some of the must-see technological innovations?
Which is the most reliable 16 GB memory card available in Indian market?
How is the world going to change in the next 50 years?
What's in tech today?
What will some upcoming trends in the telecommunications API market be?
How can I start a career in IOT technology?
Will operations jobs become obsolete in the future due to AI?
What are the best trending gadgets in 2017?
What is the next advancement in tractor manufacturing?
How can smart baggage solutions help travelers?
Where can I download a Steve Jobs and the Next Big Thing ebook or pdf version for free?
Can Islam survive the next 100 years?
Is the technology in Horizon Zero Dawn possible within the next 50 years?
What social and economic consequences would arise if a true AIaaS (artificial Intelligence as a service) offering was available to anyone?
What are some of the most complex & the most advanced technology mankind have ever invented?
Are women destined to become significantly more dominant than men in American society over the next 50 to 100 years?
What will happen if I don’t crack the trend.nxt exam held at Wipro?
What are the emerging technologies and program initiated by top institution of India?
How powerful will computing power be in the next 50 years?
What is the mobile technology uses by Pakistan?
What are some predictions for the market of computer programming in the next years?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
What is the Radio Garden?
What are the top 3 car rental apps for Windows phone users?
What does “push the human race forward” mean?
What is the next big thing that is going to happen in India in terms of employment of youth?
What is the next big thing you are working on? Do you think you will change the world again the way you did with Wikipedia?
What are some of the things you can't do in spite of the technological advancements in today's world?
What will be the upcoming trends in Car Rental market 2016?
What are the things that Odisha people are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
What are the latest technologies that are over-hyped?
What will be the upcoming trends in Electrical Enclosure market?
What is one technology or a technology update that was readily embraced by the general public from the get-go?
Can you briefly explain "risk and finance technology"?
What is the emerging new gadgets?
How will biotechnology develop and how will it change our lifes in the next decades?
I would like to visit Japan next year, probably for 20-30 days. What are the things I need to take care of?
Will weed be legalised across the globe in the next 10-50 years?
What are the latest trends in database?
Are there any scholarships that cover everything from studying expenses to luxuries, such as a car (transportation) and the latest devices/technology?
What is the hottest trend or technology in software testing?
How do I switch technology after working for 6years on obsolete technology?
What are three technological devices that have reduced privacy?
What is the most wanted technology to learn with ASP.NET?
What do you think of wearable watches?
What do you think will be the developments/changes in the area of biorobotics, in the next decade or two?
What is the cost we're paying for the technological advancements?
Which is the booming technology in the upcoming years in the IT industry?
What's the next big thing currently in the Silicon Valley?
What do you think is the one thing that advancement in technology can never change?
What are some promising technology you wish had more funding?
How likely is it that something highly disruptive will happen to the western society in the next 20 years?
What triggered the three technological revolutions?
What will be the upcoming trends in Power Tools market?
What is the most promising field in biotechnology for the next 10 years?
What technology advancement or growth will there be by 2025? Or just what will it be like in 2025?
What things should I do/read to get updated with the latest technologies?
As far as technological advances go, what things do you expect to see 50 years from now?
How does new technology influence you as a worker or a leaner?
What is the coolest technology that you wish existed today and that you think will exist in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pharmacovigilance market?
Which devices are considered as a technological miracles?
What are the chances of Canada making it to the top 5 world economies in the next 15-20 years?
What are some ideas or next generation apps or invention which can make a CS student billionaire within 2.5 years?
If technology keeps growing, when will smart phones be a thing of the past?
What is your opinion of the gold industry as it stands today compared to what it will look like in 5-10 years?
What are the latest AI's which are very advanced in their work and are reshaping the future?
How can process automation help organizations grow their digital business?
What changes can we expect in the next decade in the way the world buys and sells energy?
What new products should Google create?
Is the Internet of things the next trend to change and hopefully improve humanity's wellbeing?
What is the best wearable technology in 2017?
How did travel websites with booking system modules grow over the last few years?
How can I develop an idea into an actual Android app?
Is it possible that gunshots will be close to silent as technology develops?
How far behind is India, in comparison to current global technological/scientific advancements and standard of living?
Have there been any updates on Kaede Uber?
What is your wildest imagination about our future technology?
How has the advancement of technology affected recruitment?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
What are some mind blowing inventions that most people don't know about?
Why haven't uncontacted peoples developed more advanced technology than what they currently have?
What's the next big thing in data science?
What sub-verticals of FinTech are most likely to get disrupted in the next 5 years?
Is virtual reality dead?
Solar technology is rapidly advancing, which is the best businesses in India?
How do optical heart rate sensors work?
What are the new technologies in Information Technology that will lead to extraordinary success in the future?
What forms of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years?
Can new technologies be used to protect the public?
Which sources should I follow in order to be regularly updated about the latest advancements in automobiles?
Does Definitive Technology W Studio sound bar now have W7 and W9 surround capability?
How can I make much money in the next 5-10 years?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What is the next industry to be taken over by the internet?
What is the future of social networks and how do you think their design will change in the next 10 years?
What piece of new technology (not yet invented) are you most looking forward to?
What could be the alternate method to sell water, instead of one time use plastic water bottles?
What techniques do you think marketers will use in the next 5-10 years to attract consumers?
What are the latest developments in packaging technology? What can we expect in the future?
Why hasn't there been a viral cellphone game in 2016-2017?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is the relation of Asia to the world ten years from now?
What are the improvements you guys will be doing in the near future?
What is going to be the new technology trend 5 years from now?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
Is it possible to make a necklace that will vibrate if another necklace is near? If yes, how?
What will be the cheapest mode of communication in the next 5 years?
What are the tools that will rule the IT industry in the next 20 years?
What current trends do you think will be made fun of in the future (e.g., slang, games, etc.)?
What trends do you see taking place in the education industry in the next 5-10 years?
What are some new trends in siding for my home?
How do I stay current with business/technology trends?
What purchase of 100$ or less has positively impacted your life lately?
Will automation take over accounting within the next few decades?
Which technological advancement would you most like to see occur within the next 100 years?
Do you think Kendrick’s next album will be a classic 20 years from now?
What are the three latest river cruising trends in 2017?
What are the new technologies available for constructing buildings?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
What's it like working at TFT (Think Future Technologies) Gurgaon?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
What is the likely adoption of wireless car charging in the next 20 years?
What is a blyebrain technology?
How does bluetooth connect two devices?
Is SAN technology really going to vanish?
When will technology effectively allow us to block all sound?
Which are the stocks that will multiply 100 times in the next 20 years?
What are the upcoming trends in the cell culture media and reagents market?
What is your reference or source for staying up-to-date on all technological news and updates?
Who do you think could be an alternate leader to Modi in the coming 5-10 years?
Is there any mobile app or software or invention banned because it could be highly misused?
Which site keeps us updated about the IT sector?
Have you used UWB technology?
From where does the Technical Guruji (Gaurav Choudhary) read the technical news?
Which RAM technology is used nowadays?
Is there a limit to technological development?
Where can I buy authentic technology databases?
Why is my switch not giving out DHCP IP?
What are the new smartphones and technologies in the market?
If you had a history book from 10 years in the future, what would you do with it?
What is the next big boom in technology?
Why don't I see myself in a relationship for the next 5 years?
Have you wondered what the world will be like in the next 10 years?
Is it there any new technology adopted in the steel construction field?
How did Hard Rock Stadium become obsolete so quickly?
What do you see as the next biggest tech trend?
What should I do right now to be rich in the next two years?
What will come next: 3, 10, 20, 39, 85?
What will be the upcoming trends in the mechanical mine clearance systems market?
What is an ideal laptop configuration for a Java developer who is studying networking, Linux, and security stuff like CEH and OSCP?
What are the issues with IOT sensors?
What are ways to always stay updated on the latest technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Calcium Carbide market?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
How is the travel industry impacted by chatbots?
How can I start learning car electronics?
What would you say will be the next big trend in the UX Design industry?
Will AI become like Skynet in the foreseeable future? How would it happen and how would we react?
With the rapid advancements in modern technology, are we heading towards unconsciously creating Skynet?
Why do people use the dog filter?
Could we go to Mars in the next couple of decades if we put all our economies into it?
What are the latest technologies for energy conservation?
What are the most promising healthcare technician technologies in USA?
What is the upcoming trends in Ultrasound Devices industry?
What do people like about technology?
How can I stay up to date on the latest news about robotics?
What is the new technology in closed circuit television?
What are the features of the network, and how would it be in the next few years?
Is domain switching in the tech industry, as per interests and current tech trends, a good practice in the long term?
What's the hottest industry this year?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What are some of the crazy science & technology projects which will commence in near future?
What is the next big thing with SpaceX?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past century?
What is an easy-to-find and cheap, germ-free material? I live in Brazil but I don't know how evolved this technology is here.
Is the future of computing centralized and distributed via the cloud? Or will tech become so small and cheap we each have amazing home systems?
What will be the upcoming trends in the lubricants market?
What are the pros and cons of technological advancements?
What are the new trends in logistics?
What will be the upcoming trends in the infant formula market?
Why are IoT engineers becoming a hot trend these days, and will this trend continue for a long period of time?
Given the impact of technology on the world today, should the US have a more technology-savvy president?
Which smartphone has the most advanced technology?
What will be going on in the future?
What were the 5 most significant scientific inventions for their time since 1917, and what might be the next, of similar importance, within 20 years?
Computer Science: What are the advantages and disadvantages of von Neumann architecture vs Harvard architecture?
Why does a technology become outdated before it is implemented?
What is current trending non-IT technology for MBA graduates?
What do you guys consider to be the next big thing in the business world?
What is the best blogpost about digital transformation?
Is the advancement in technology really able to lead human to a great world in the future?
What would happen if all technology stopped working?
Will immigration be lowered in Europe within the next 10 years?
What are the latest advancements in biomechanics?
Which European economy will come out on top in the next 10-15 years?
Will the internet exist and still be used in the next 10 years?
What are some of the best magazines where I could learn about the latest innovations in music technology?
Why would you prefer Bigbasket over Grofers?
How should an Engineering student manage to stay updated with the latest industry and technology when the academic syllabus is way much outdated?
What do the jewels on high-end watches do? Do they have to be precious stones?
What is the best wearable device as smart alarm/ smart wake up device?
What will be the upcoming trends in Metrology software market?
What is your idea about future technology?
How do you see web/app performance optimizations changing in the next 10 years?
How is Tesla storing, processing, and uploading sensor data on their cars?
What advice do you have for amateurs who want to learn about technology and the future of technology?
What will be the next big problem humanity will face in the coming century?
How will technology help people in future years?
How will Robert kirkman be remembered years from now?
What are some of the best blogs that would keep me updated with modern technology and advances in computer science?
What do you know about TARV Technologies?
How is Jio going to provide such a heavy discount for the next 4 to 5 years and survive in such a competitive market?
What are the scientific and technological new inventions in the world?
How will the politics in Tamil Nadu look in the next 5, 15 and 20 years?
What are the future technologies for development?
What's your prediction about Asia 10-20 years later?
What is the difference between a microprocessor and microcontroller?
What will happen to the cinema industry in the next 10 years?
What do you think about the future cars? The technology in the future cars? How far can technology go?
What are the biggest Trends in the future of work and professionals being automated and let go in 2017?
Technology: What is Raspberry Pi?
What do you think is the next big wave in consumer tech?
Which technology is better to work with, SQL or AngularJs?
What is the latest development in information technology?
What is the best free product to get IT users and clients for my new webpage https://tekkshare.com?
What is the new technology research in agriculture?
What is the biggest tragedy to ever slow the advancement of technology?
Which one is better to start with: Arduino or AVR?
Is Ukraine a good place to live and invest? What are its growth prospects over the next 10-20 years?
What form of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years? Is it true that Chinese emergence is a threat to the democratic model?
What are the latest embedded technologies?
What new manufacturing technologies can we expect to see in future space systems?
Who died and made cauliflower the next big thing?
Is there a wearable device to track arrhythmia?
What technological improvements will the third-generation HoloLens have?
What is digital technology? Why are all IT services shifting towards digital technology? I thought everything was digital already. What changed?
What is the next new technology/innovation that only Apple can get right?
How did technology change the world?
What is the best way to keep up to date on ad technology?
As a journalist, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
What are the features that make car rental software important for your business?
What are some improvements of 5G telecoms network over 4G?
What are the areas in which technological development is necessary in India?
What is the next big IPO I should be keeping an eye on?
What will future technology mean for humans?
Which are the best home theatre systems in India and what are their respective prices?
What are the biggest cases of companies that perish as a result of missed trend or failed forecast?
What is the biggest trend in the future of work in your opinion?
Given the troubles happening at Medium, what is the next big thing in independent web publishing?
What are the latest trends and developments in automation industry and how it is going to change in future?
In what ways would society change in the next 25 years?
What are the trends in education today?
What happened when Google tested advertising on Google Home?
Why do companies fail to migrate their web applications to the latest technology?
Do technological advances make for a higher quality of life?
Where do you see angel investing going in the next 5-10 years?
What will be the future of the internet, 10 years from now?
What are the most exciting developments in science/technology happening right now?
How does multi-touch work?
What is the second most technologically advanced racing series after F1?
Are we better off with all this new technology?
Where do you see UP politics, in the next 10 years?
How will the technology we use improve within a decade?
Will civil aviation pilots be totally replaced by AI within the next 25 years?
How can a travel company take advantage of chatbots to overcome competition?
What are the most profitable industries in the next decade?
Which is the best book regarding the latest technology for power plants?
Which is the latest technology, in Indian IT?
How do companies having old technology stack cope with the companies having almost same idea but latest technology stack?
What are bouncing switches?
What technology is there to help midwives?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
What are technological advances of the Visayan Pre-colonial Filipnos in terms of metallurgy, architecture and writing?
What are the latest tech trends?
What new technology with capacity to revolutionize the world should we expect in the next decade(s)?
When we will have that futuristic dream world with all that cool technology, etc. Will we have another “future” to aim for and set as our next goal?
What future technology of Star Trek do you think will be realized in our lifetimes (aside from the already realized technologies such as tablets etc.)?
Are there any ways to use technology in the judiciary?
What else would people call emerging technologies?
What innovations are you most excited to see emerging in urban areas over the next several years?
What are the new technology driven manufacturing setups is best for future business?
Will the Amazon Echo Look be a successful product?
What does unknown technology mean?
What could you expect the next innovation of technology Would be?
Which among the new and emerging memory technologies will change the computing industry?
Can I make a feature like Alexa/Siri execute verbal and built in (automated) commands, open applications, give me system updates, learn, and more?
What will be the future trends in back office operations?
What's with the layoff from all the software giants? We knew this was coming but not this early. So what's next? How do we know the impact is over?
How does a patent lawyer conduct a patent search differently than a regular person might? How can you make your patent search more efficient?
Could a human survive 5Gs for about two days using existing or near future technology?
What are the vital properties of an e-commerce app for the travel industry?
Can Dubai become the next NYC within 20 years?
What industries will have a promising future in Saudi Arabia for the next 10-15 years?
How is digitization going to change everyone's life in the next 10 years?
What are some emerging trends in IT outsourcing?
As a social entrepreneur having just an idea, what is the next big thing to do to attract investors?
What is the next technological advancement in battery storage?
With the advancements in technology, the demand for ATCs might reduce. Do you agree?
What is smartshader technology?
How will the world be or look like in the next 200 years?
What phone apps do you think are a must have?
What will be the upcoming trends in A2P SMS market?
What field of science has the best chance of discovering big breakthroughs in the next 10 years?
What are the latest technology adoption in employee performance management globally?
What are all the simple steps to become financially stable in the next 5 years?
How do I get career options with big data and Hadoop training in Bangalore?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
How does the burglar alarm work?
What technology was considered "cutting edge" a thousand years ago?
Is it possible to summarize the economic impact on agriculture in the next 5-10 years due to climate changes?
What are the key challenges for financial technology companies active in compliance/regulation/kyc verticals?
To what extent is NASA going to involve itself in the coming 20 years? Can someone predict the exact destination?
What news is currently trending?
Where do you see Sudan 20 years from now?
Why are we using old technologies and becoming modern?
What are some new trends in startups?
Which decade produced the greatest achievements in medical and technical advancements?
What have been the biggest trends in Indonesia, or at least specific in your city, in 2016?
What is this new trend of kids, men, and legends memes?
In the next 10 years, what new industry will be worthy of our investment?
What could be the cost of gold in the next 10 years?
What are the latest technological improvements in slats and flaps?
What would be most hurtening to think after 10 years from now?
When will there be enough technological advancement to have electric airplanes?
What will be the upcoming trends in Colposcopes market?
How do you foresee the future in 50 years' time?
What are the most practical home improvements for minimizing home energy consumption?
How does Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology work?
What are the challenges you see coming up for Canada in the next decade?
What are the most archaic industries today in terms of technology use?
How is Evon technology?
What are some of the best innovations that are most likely to shape future of mankind?
What is technology like today?
What are some apps or websites that can help me stay digital-literate (up to date with tech/digital/IT)?
Which technology was discovered recently?
What are some examples of three technological revolutions?
What is the future scope of Uniface technology?
What enterprise applications for 3D printing are going to gain popularity in the next 5 years?
Does technological advancement have a metric unit?
Is IBM Bluemix the next big thing?
Why is Snapchat so popular and did it bring new technology innovations?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile payment market be in 2022?
What will the leading technology be in the future?
What is VBage Tech?
What is the next big idea or product that will change the world?
What are the latest technologies used in agriculture in India?
What will be the upcoming trends in Listeria Monocytogenes Infections treatment market?
What are the leading technologies?
What are the types of network technologies?
Do theorists work on future Technologies?
What are the things after that you feel sorry or big mistake done by you?
What should I choose as my elective subject as per current technology trends, mobile computing or parallel and distributed computing?
What will be the future of (robotic) prosthetics, in the next few decades?
What are some upcoming technologies in DevOps?
How far can technology really go?
What are background screening industry trends?
Will PHP be alive for the next 10 years?
What are the differences between analog TV and digital TV?
What is it called when one day you used to enjoy doing things and the next day even big things bore you?
Is structural biology the next "big thing" in biology?
What are the latest technologies to learn in 2017?
What technology will be used in Flipkart?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enteral Feeding Devices market?
What are the top protocols in demand in 2017 that use Elisa technology?
What future tech would you like to see?
What is the 2017 Microsoft exam track for a BI developer with the latest technology?
Will it possible to live on the Moon as we are currently living on Earth in the future considering future advancements in technology?
Why is the travel market in India considered as the next big industry by investors and startups?
I have 10 product ideas. How to decide which start-up I need to start?
How will hostility towards immigrants change in the US in the next 20 years?
Is recreational tourism the next big thing in entertainment and leisure business?
What is the next big technology or therapeutic area for generic pharmaceutical industry?
What are the next steps for developers?
What is the growth of the drug delivery technologies market in the upcoming years?
What are new technologies in PCB?
Why has technology not completely replaced the whiteboard yet?
Does anybody believe that brain signal reading technology is already being applied to the masses?
What were the biggest US tech exits in the last decade?
Can I expect Tessa to be common worldwide in another 10 years?
Will freedom of movement within the EU be preserved throughout the next decade?
What are the latest digital tools and technologies used in risk management?
Do you think a self delivery food cart is the next big thing?
Can LTE-based tech smartphones from India be sufficient to support 5G or 6G in the future?
What are some top trending tools for IT professionals?
What technology tools do you see as being important in the future of health plans engaging with members or being more efficient?
How would you interpret the society of today, with politics and innovations of technology being incited around?
Who contributes more to technological advancements? Research universities or for-profit companies?
What are the emerging industries now?
With the rapid advances in automotive technology, at which point does the industry take a turn for the worse?
Where do you see the United Kingdom in the next five to ten years (politically, socially, technologically)?
What is antisense technology?
I'm doing some research on technology through the years, is technology a positive or negative influence over the past 60 year?
How advanced is technology now and what will change in the next 5 years?
What are the most important things to consider for email marketing for a travel agency?
What are the biggest trends in psychological research in 2017?
What's the globle upcoming new technology at present?
Are there currently hidden technologies, technologies that are kept secret? And for what reason?
How did the MIRV technology come into existence? Whose brainchild is this sophisticated technology?
What are your predictions for computer technology and mankind?
Will personal data machines like smartphones and tablets be replaced by AI in the next decade?
What is the most needed advance in sensor technology?
What are the recent robotic trends?
Twentieth century wars spun off civilian technology. What tech came out of 21st century wars?
What are small stocks that have huge potential over the next 5 years?
What are some promising start-ups in 2017?
How do I get information regarding the new technology that is being used by the IT field?
What is the future of video game industries in the next 5 years?
Which is the present technology used to develop new project?
How does technology fit into Canada's future?
What are the next wave of tech for SMEs / SMBs?
Which are the best 5 Indian shares to buy for the next 10 years?
Are there any pitfalls to a fingerprint scanner payment method (with PIN), as opposed to the classic magnet/chip credit card reader?
Does language interpreters have a bright future, let's say in the next 15-20 years?
What will come after the technological age?
What are the next big releases in 2017?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What direction do you think music is going to go stylistically in the next decade?
Is there any difference between MIT Coursera and Real Learning?
What are the travel technology trends in 2017?
How do trends grow and die?
What is the future of mobile technology and IoT? Which will become more broadly accepted?
How can a programmer see the trends in web technology that are being used the most?
The software boom made MS a giant, internet boom worked the same way for Amazon. What comes next? Space travel? AI? Virtual reality? Alternate energy?
Why, although we use the fastest new technology to do things, do we become more busy and nervous than before?
What people need new technology?
Would we ever reach a level of technological advancement to prevent death?
How would a future business/enterprise be different? How will emerging technologies like AI impact the way a company will be run in the future?
What major changes will happen in humans in the next 1,000 years?
When does a product technology become old and a new one takes over?
How is tourism going to increase in Europe within the next 5 years?
Which technology company do you think is working on changing the world now?
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical nutrition industry?
What equipment would I need if I wanted to manufacture hardware products in my garage?
What are benefits of Beacon Technology for businesses?
How do I build my own website with the latest technology?
Where do you see the internet heading within the next 10 years?
How reliable is theguardian.com?
What do you think about phones getting thinner?
Is the Information Technology field down for the next 5 years?
How can I boost and increase the sales of my travel company?
What is Jimmy's next big thing?
Why do some teachers not stay updated about the latest technologies and always teach the same thing?
What technology is making the most advancements right now?
What will be the upcoming trends in the emu oil market?
Which is the trending technology in IT right now?
What are emerging technologies in the IT field?
Has the smartphone industry contributed to the advancement of technology in other fields?
Is there a service like Circle that is offered in Canada?
How do I make a new technology?
What is the most revolutionary technology?
Why didn't the Internet stop urbanization?
What is going to happen to health insurance over the next 5 years?
What are the best tools and gadgets overall?
What is new in MLM? What do you think about technology and wearable health devices?
What will be the upcoming trends in clinical Laboratory Services market?
If something changed the atmosphere so combustion was impossible but we could still breath, what new technologies (weapons and vehicles) would be developed?
Which technology is best, CBTC or DTO?
Do you think the USA is going to have another revolution in the next 20+ years?
If earth was flat how would it affect my daily routine?
Where can I submit a theory?
How much will technology and automation change society?
How can chatbots simplify travel bookings?
Is journalism going to die in the next 5 years?
What technological innovations can we expect to see by 2022?
What devices are used during live match broadcasting?
What are some of the greatest limitations to our technological advancement today?
There is a prosthetic arm that can be controlled by a phone app, but wouldn't it be better to make it respond to the person's movements instead?
How can I keep up with the trends, and where do I find them?
What 5 natural resources of today could be used with advanced technology in the future (25 years ahead)?
What makes a cellphone vibrate?
Which non-top ten cryptocurrencies have the biggest potential in the next 2-to-3 years time?
What will be the upcoming trends in Smart Cards in Healthcare market 2015-2022?
What are the new technologies of 2017?
The world of science, especially physics, is highly competitive. How do I stay up-to-date with the recent technological advancements?
How does 5G technology work?
How can I keep myself updated with all the latest movies, TV series, and other stuff? I feel like I lag way behind many in keeping myself updated.
What is the latest technology that I should learn to five in website development?
What are some of the great answers to the question, "Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years"?
How does the Internet rank historically as a disruptive technology? How does it match up, broadly, with flight or, specifically, with the telephone?
What is the most important technology to develop in ten years?
What are the emerging advances/technologies in nanoparticle delivery systems?
What developments do you expect to see in Wikipedia over the next 5 years?
What are the features of the Samsung Galaxy S9 going to be?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
What do you think of Nigeria in the next 10 years?
Is there a well-researched infographic that does an overview of technological history, emphasizing the exponential advancement of the last century?
How do I keep up with the new trends and technologies around the world?
What are some new technologies that IT companies are using?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Bluetooth beacon market?
If you had two buttons in front of you, and one took you 5 years back and the other 5 years forward, which button would you choose? Why?
Any OMICS scientists care to comment on the future of proteomics which is quiet recently, what are its major future trends?
What are the pros and cons of DIY microprocessing boards like Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Adafruit, Beaglebone, and such? What are the major differences?
Should the Indian government completely ban the BS-III vehicles in the next 5 to 10 years?
What are your predictions of the future 50 years hence, socially, economically, politically and technologically?
Is Japanese automobile technology far ahead of the Germans technology?
What is the best way to keep up with new music?
What are recent trends in technical education?
What will be the upcoming trends in the gas separation membranes market?
What is an emerging trend?
In the future, will technology prevent privacy from being a reality?
What will the upcoming trends be in the electric motors market in 2023?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
Why isn’t the world focussing on commercializing nanotechnology in the medical, science and technology fields?
What is the next big thing in Petroleum Engineering field?
What is the hardest truth humanity will have to accept for the next decades?
What do you envision the next 10-20 years to look like in the world?
Which technology do you use for Minance?
I'd like to make the most affordable smartphone with the latest technology and Android software. Where can I start?
Seeing the current market scenario, is it advisable to continue in telecom and IT? What are prospective fields for the next 25 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in endoscopy devices market?
What do you know about multijet condenser technology?
What might be some of the future trends in cockpit designs?
How can we use technology to salvage the current economic meltdown felt in most countries, and will Generation Z be at the forefront of helping out?
What will the IT sector look like in the next few years, and how can we safeguard our current jobs?
What nations do you think are most likely to have a civil war in the next 10- 15 years?
What technology is likely to be a big business in Africa in the near future?
What are the emerging trends entrepreneurship sector?
Do you think the price of housing will go down in the next 10 years?
What are the most advanced papers on teleportation technology?
With the whole smart devices and technologies could we be downgrading our intelligence to the paleolithic in the near future?
How will technology in the future all be kept updated, and which technology won't fail a human being?
What discoveries do we expect astronomy to unravel over the next 5 years?
How are chatbots important for the travel business?
If one could clone an entire planet using an advanced future technology, should a society seek to develop such a technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in the car rental market?
What should be the cutting edge of software technology to learn that will have a good scope in the next 10 years?
What are some reliable websites for getting updates on latest science and technology?
With all the advancements in technology in the future, how can we still have room for trees?
What is a technology that has not improved for several decades?
Over the last 5 years, there has been a trend of posting vulgar and blatant images of girls by themselves. What are your views on this?
How does Israel have the most technologically advanced military?
Will there be any theists after two-three hundred years when technology advancements are in verge?
How realistic are electrical VTOL cars with current technology advancement?
What are some specific examples of the term "advanced technology" that we use today?
What will be the upcoming trends in Polylactic Acid market?
Does technology affect trust?
In what ways can Microsoft improve their products?
Do people who received any type of degree(s) from online colleges or universities have a difficult time getting into the job market?
If only one smartphone, like Galaxy S6, would have been developed back in 2007, how much would it have cost, and what implications would it have had?
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical laboratory services market in 2024?
What's the latest invention and practical living products?
What would be a newer technological threshold come through within our lifetimes?
How can an IT company quintuple or more its sales over the next 5 years? My company is not big but has developed a tool which can show the flow of COBOL.
What is an emerging technology you could see changing the world?
What is the current trend in stealth technologies?
What will multi-family housing units be like in the next 20 years?
What are some relatively recent trends/developments in electronic music?
How is Khan Academy able to explain complex ideas so much better?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
Why is the online presence of your travel company vital for the business development?
What amazing technologies will we see by 2050?
What are the running trends in the global pepper industry?
What are the upcoming technologies in India by 2020?
What will be the upcoming trends in Email Encryption market?
What are the recent trends in technical language?
What is the future for foldable smartphones?
What are the latest trends in functional testing services?
How do I survive my last year of high school when all my friends are a year above and leaving next year?
What sites should I visit frequently to keep myself up to date in the tech world?
When you copy a cell in MS Excel, you notice a pattern moving in clockwise. Is there any way to have it moving in the opposite direction?
What is the next big thing you want to achieve in life?
How has computer technology revolutionized the process of communication?
What will be the latest in software technology for the next 10 years?
How will technology affect tourism in the next 15 years?
Which apps or technologies would you improve if you could?
How rapid is the change of technology? Is there any end to technological change?
What is the objective for women's safety and security wearable device?
What are some cool technologies to learn in 2017?
What are the latest B2B trends?
What do you think will be the next big thing in CS/software after machine learning?
What is the future for IT employees in the next 5 years?
What are three of the most important technology or new media innovations that have been introduced in the last several years?
What are the current trends in Literature now a days?
What will be the hottest toy next year?
What are some outdoor motion capture solutions that require minimal equipment?
How can you make a picture take up a whole page on Word?
In what ways can technology be helpful to society?
What is the possibility of the euro collapsing in the next 10 years? How will this impact global markets and the future of MNCs?
What are some places where advanced technology is actually used?
What are some of the best event tech trends?
What is the weakest religion that is going to lose its prominence in the next few decades?
Do you think technological advances are always good?
What is the most technological device a man could make all by himself in the forest?
What are the most expensive purchases from an app?
How do I get the latest technology especially in networking?
How has technology changed over the past 100 years?
How can I be the smartest person in the room in the next 10 years if I start now?
Where will the next new wave of technology come from?
What is the upcomming technology in apps and websites?
How will technology trends change how democracy works over the next 100 years?
What if a global Carrington Event occurred in the next decade that knocked out power for more than five years?
How will biology be developing in the next decade?
What do you think Quora will look like in the next ten years?
Are there bottlenecks in wearable computing research?
How blockchain technology streamlines the bank payments of your travel industry?
What are the most fascinating advances in science or technology in the past year?
What are crimes you believe technology won't be able to "fix" in the next 20 years?
How has the technology in the world affected my generation?
Will present smartphones support 5G network?
Will I be likely to see bigger returns from a CD or a U.S Treasury bond over the next 5 years?
Which technologies do you think will shape science in the next 5 years?
What are the latest trends in aerospace?
How can I mount a drive from my Windows Share Folder onto a Ubuntu OS.
How do I know the upcoming flight fare trends?
What are the key developments of latest GST?
What’s new in technology?
What are the Technology Trends that SMBs should look for in 2017-18?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Point-of-Care Diagnostics / Testing (POCT) market?
What are the importance of technology?
What is behind cutting edge geometry?
What are future technologies for automobiles?
Where do you see Twitter in the next decade?
How will the IT industry change in next 10 years?
What are some technology revolutions that may come in the future?
What is the next leap forward in smart phones?
What are examples of new technology that failed to replace its older counterpart?
What are the car rental iPhone apps that help users to hire cabs easily?
What's the industry development trend for now?
Which is best future strategy with no loss?
With advancement in technology, are development of cities still relevant?
What are your predictions in the next 20 years for the culture war?
How does Silicon Valley plan to deal with the problems that automation is bound to create?
How do you think World Cinema will develop over the next 50 years?
What are some emerging technologies that are not iterative and are predicated on new areas of discovery?
What is the next big thing from Blockchain for brands and the marketing space, and what happens if they ignore them now?
What are the latest trends, opportunities and challenges in FMCG sector?
Would the government allow Ford and GM to put unsafe cars on the road?
What would be the most 'futuristic' modern science in the next decades?
How far can we push technology?
Which latest technology is the best in information technology?
What are the new advanced technologies used in enhanced oil recovery?
Which technology is trending now in the IT industry?
What will the upcoming trends be in the autoinjectors market?
What is the future of communication technology?
What are the current trends in Indian architecture?
What are the most sold cell phones?
What is GSM module?
What are the advanced technologies in the field of thermal engineering?
Can I use articles from tech applications to create videos for my channel?
What can be done about the Bangalore transport issue in the next 10 years?
What would be the next technological revolution after digital cash?
What are recent technological advances in x-ray imaging?
How is auditing in India going to change in the next 5 years?
What are some of the newest technologies for the infantry?
What are your predictions for the software development industry over the next 5 years?
Is the humanity from the world declining due to the technological advancements?
What are your thoughts about the prospect of Finland's economy in the next 5 years?
What are the hottest topics in technology today?
What ​kind of a robot would you like to see in the future? What are some projects that might be impossible with today's technology?
What will the future of robots look like in the next 50 - 100 years? Will they replace humans?
What are the most promising research topics in medicine and pharmacy in the next 5-10 years?
What popular jobs do you think will cease to exist in the next 20-30 years?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
What are the upcoming technologies in the mechanical field?
Which jobs could be the most prospective in the next 5-10 years?
How about some insights on robotics trends for today?
What are some of the best Facebook pages to like if I want to be updated regarding the latest technologies, gadgets, PCs, and mobile phones?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
What is going to replace banks/the banking system? For example, small stores got replaced by new technology.
Is auditing safe from being automated in the next 50 years?
What are the most technologically advanced air superiority fighters currently?
Who invented li-fi?
What's a good alternative to Engadget for tech news?
Technological advancement is great, but are we engineering our own hell and eventual demise?
What's exploding in the US that hasn't arrived yet in Europe?
What is the technology about flexible screens?
Will money still be useful in 40 years?
What interesting developments can we expect in robotics in the next 5 years?
What is the source of information for Subramanyam KVJ with respect to technological innovations and advancements and how much time is spent daily?
How much percent of the world is actually driving technological progress?
What are the hot industry new trends?
How do QR codes work?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enterprise Asset Management market?
How much more technologically advanced will mankind become in the next 100 years?
If you came out with the next thing after smartphones, could that make you a trillionaire?
What are the latest trends in salwar suits?
Does Societe Generale use the latest technology?
Why does the older generation find it significantly hard to adapt to new technology?
Why do people think we can go 100% renewable in the next 20 years?
How do you see the changes, both technological and philosophical, in the world during the next 50 years?
Are wrongful executions possible in today technology?
In what ways is advanced artificial intelligence likely to change the present economic and political paradigms of humanity?
What are the new fields in biotechnology?
Why do Japanese work long hours despite having the world's most advanced robotics technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Electronic Access Control market?
Being in offshoring and outsourcing, I am seeing low levels in vendor’s quality of work. What do you think will happen to the industry in the next 5 years?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in X-ray Equipment market?
Which book should I use for the latest trends and technology in the fields of mechanical and automobile engineering?
How advanced are Chinese high-speed trains?
What will the upcoming trends be in the asthma therapeutics market?
What is ZigBee?
Is there a timeline for future military innovations?
What are some of the most notable inventions that were once just a fantasy in a movie, but have now became a reality?
What recent new technology excites you?
Why is Hadoop training in Bangalore in high demand?
Is wearable tech dead?
What do you predict the world will be like in 50 years?
How is data stored in DNA?
What will we be able to do in the next 10 years that we can't do now?
What is the latest technology in brakes?
What will be the next big change in the Energy industry?
What are the latest key disrupters in cloud as a service in the next 5 years?
Computers have made most of the billionaires in this era. What is the next big thing?
What should I learn in next 5 years to become financially successful?
What are the new innovations in wearables in 2017?
What are the two top-most obstacles to India's economic progress in next 5 years?
Is it possible to look 5 to 10 years younger naturally even if one has led an unhealthy lifestyle for a couple of years, say, 5 years?
How far will cognitive systems develop and is the potential huge for them in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in the breast biopsy devices market?
If technology made Hollywood, can technology also take it away?
Who monitors private technological advancements to keep us up-to-date and safe with new technology?
Over the next 5 years, which technology will have the greatest impact in accounting?
What is the best website for an mechanical enginner to learn the latest technology?
Where can I get daily news updates about technology?
Is the technological revolution going to change everything?
How are we able to see 3D objects when our retina is just a 2D screen?
How do I future-proof my career in India? What are the industries that will vanish in the next 20 years?
Which area of computer science has the greatest potential for advancement in the next 30-50 years?
What is "movable wing technology" in the aerostructure industry, and what are the last trends of this technology?
What are the most noteworthy economic trends we may see in 2017?
Why are mechanical engineering students different from other branches?
Where I can read about new trends in celebrity management?
What technology in IT should I know myself to stay ahead in the coming 2-3 years?
What different benefits has technology brought?
Why is it that technology will or won't change the world?
What do you predict for industry development in Vancouver island for the next 5 years?
How valid / useful can economic and political forecasts be 5 to 10 years ahead?
Is there any web development company with latest technology?
Is it possible to create a bot that can read books and pages the way we read in our mind? If so, how can one train it as the pace of reading differs, every time.
Which is better for engineering, EC or CE (computer) from a learning point of view and the trend in the next 5 years?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What are the things that will catch up in the next 10 years like web-based services did in the late 1990s and 2000s?
What is the latest technology in cars?
How do you see the future of Pakistan shaping up in the next 20 years?
What are some transforming technologies and how have Innovations in IT changed the world?
Why use technology?
Which new technology is in high demand in information technology?
Is 2017 going to be the next IT industry bubble year?
How do I keep myself motivated in life?
How do I keep track of new technologies?
What company will likely be first to offer consumers non-medical implantations of computer technology into the human body?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past decade?
What current medical technological advances have been made in Cranioplasty?
Is it possible that in the people of the future will abandon technology a return to a similar way of life?
What are the things that Indians are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the video surveillance equipment and services market?
Is .cloud a good domain for the next 10 years?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What is the latest technology in 2017?
What do people think will be the biggest breakthrough in technology in the next 10 years?
What is the best way to stay up to date on artificial Intelligence advancements?
What's new in computer technology?
What are the frequent queries about technology?
What all features one can expect from the development of wearable devices?
How did Tropicana Field become obsolete so quickly?
Ignoring technology, what are the most important facets of a strong civilization?
What could be the two latest global trends in manufacturing and how can Nestle benefit from them?
How do voice assistants like Amazon Echo and Google Home challenge the television as the center of living room entertainment?
Where can I find the latest automotive development?
What moonshots do you think will succeed in the next decade? Which ones will change your life?
Is advances in animation technology a threat to actors and filmmaker's jobs?
What are the next holidays coming up?
How will recruiting change or evolve in the next 10 years?
What are the best practices to predict the trend?
What technology is needed for the world now and in the future, especially in India?
What will be the upcoming trends in Web Content Filtering market?
Do you believe that Lucknow will become an anti-corrupt city in next 5 years?
As of March 2017, what is the latest advancement in NLP with potentially a high impact in moving the field forward?
Is the Telugu film industry going to bloom in the near future?
What will be the best technology in 2025?
What are the different practices of wearable computing research?
How do you think the internet will change in the next 20 years?
When will Microsoft announce a new/refreshed Surface Studio?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile wallet industry be?
What are the most interesting software trends right now? And which trends are being overplayed?
It’s been a year that I haven’t been doing backend programming. How can I keep up with the latest trends?
What is Taobao's strategy for the next 10 years?
What kind of technologies can be used for upgrading cafes?
What will technology be like on Earth 10,000 years from now?
I am terrified of the level of automation world is moving towards. Are you?
Why, do you think, some older people have trouble adapting to new technologies?
What are the global trends in mobile university learning?
Why are scientists saying we will have a population implosion in the next 50 years?
Aside from AI, what other technologies do you think will change the upcoming world?
What is the most exciting technology company out there at the moment and why?
What do you think computers will be like in 10 years?
How technologically advanced will the world be in the next 10 to 20 years?
Could Microsoft be benefiting massively from the WannaCry ransomware attack?
What are some everyday technologies that originated in the field of rocketry?
What are the practical examples of ferrocement technology?
Who is aware that the world is going another direction based on technology?
What will be the internet trends for 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Healthcare cybersecurity market?
What’s next, after the internet and mobiles?
Why do people think all tech industry workers are rich/six-figure earners?
What will be the future technologies for IT jobs?
How can I get expert help for implementing wearable technology at workplace?
Is our current technological rate of improvement faster than what it used to be?
How do I select the best microcontroller for a specific application?
What is the new technology that could be a game changer in coming years?
When you are looking to replace technology in your business, how do you go about evaluating the technology?
Will rejuvenation become possible in future medical technology?
What might be the greatest change that can happen in the field of cooking in the upcoming years?
What is the newest thing, in terms of mobile tech, which is poised to grow exponentially in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Underground Mining Equipment market?
What are upcoming trends in the Aerial Imaging market?
Is it rational to assume that such advanced technological humanoids were unable to predict the destruction of Krypton?
What future tech would you want to see in your house in the future?
What will be the replacement for mobiles in future?
What changes or improvements can we expect in the next 5 years in the way data is managed?
Can technology advancement make communism a reality without the painful failure of the case in Russia?
Do you think Bajaj Autos is good in their R&D, and where do you see the future of Bajaj Autos in the next 4 to 5 years?
What is the next big revolution?
What groundbreaking technology are you excited to see evolve?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
What's the upcoming new technology this year?
What advanced technology has been introduced in cars?
What are latest trends in hardware trojans?
What are some average scientific gas price predictions for the US over the next 20 years?
What are the new technologies in robotics?
How do developers stay relevant and up-to-date?
What does "i'll be freeloading into next year" mean?
Is technology making us dumber or smarter?
Has advances in technology caused increased insecurity compared to more good globally?
What's going to happen to printed media in the 5 to 10 years?
What is the latest growing IT technology, and what are some good training centres in Bangalore for learning this technology?
How can technology help Indian farmer?
What top 10 technological advancements in MEP will revolutionize construction industry?
What do you think will happen to the Middle East in the next 20 years?
What are the latest technologies to be learnt in Software testing?
What new product/technology has left you amazed?
What will be the upcoming trends in Drug Delivery Technologies market?
What will happen when everyone becomes tech savvy?
What will be the upcoming trends of Flexible Electronics market?
What are some of the touch points for customers in the travel industry?
Which latest technology is used in Android applications?
Why do you perceive technology as such a big threat for humanity?
What are the latest trends in compliance with responsible sourcing requirements?
What impact will SoftBank's $100B Vision Fund have on the venture capital industry in the US?
What is the latest technology in TV?
What are some of the most exciting advances in medical technology that are being pioneered now?
What are the key trends and technologies that marketers are looking to implement in the business in 2017?
What is the best biosecurity?
How can I be updated about HR trends?
Why has technology favoured skilled workers over the past 60 years?
How do I find people who are so smart that can create any advancement and anything I can imagine with technology for my startup?
Did someone from the future accidentally leave behind some advanced technology that started this whole UFO cover-up human chapter?
How can new media technologies empower people?
Can France become the Mecca of Islam in Europe in the next 20 years?
What are the downsides of new technological innovation, such as drones?
What are the technologies that are used in JPMC?
What do you mean by digital transformation?
Why does technology constantly change?
What is the best epilepsy wearable device that can help patients and analyze their emotions and movement?
What are most advanced technologies in the world?
Which technological courses will be in high demand in future?
Can I build a room of concrete and wood on my front yard?
Is web science the next big thing? How will it evolve?
What will be the upcoming trends in Companion Diagnostics market?
What do B.Tech students think about the future of the armed forces with technology and how technology will change the face of warfare?
What are the upcoming trends in the gamification market?
What's the next process after coming up with the idea?
What are the prospects that an artificial kidney will be available in the next 5 years?
At what year do you see manufacturing becoming completely robotic next year or in 5 to 10 years?
What is trending in the IT industry?
How have the advanced search features of OTAs helped in easy travel bookings?
Why Hadoop is an important software in cloud computing services?
What are the technical skills that will be required in the next decade?
What are the main characteristics that make our car rental software unique?
How many technological/biomedical inventions started as military projects?
What might be the advantages and disadvantages of foldable smartphones?
How will the food industry change because of technology?
What are the future trends in business in Bangladesh?
Are we heading to a future where all the tech gadgets will be using the same applications?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in ten years (2017)?
How can we use the internet wisely?
Are creativity and innovation in the field of arts (music, painting, literature, movie, etc.) limited?
What will be Quora's main source of competition over the next ten or so years?
What are the next expected technological interventions waiting to happen in Cricket?
Should I enter the banking sector in the next 10 years?
Where do you wish to see Baidu in the next 5 to 10 years?
What is the latest technology in lung transplants?
What is the Indian growth story for next 10 years?
What are the best blogs on the latest in eCommerce technology?
What are some of the distribution trends in the Travel Technology industry?
How is wearable technology changing the world around us?
What is the biggest problem the world is going to face in the next 10 years?
What are the future trends of Proton therapy industry in Germany?
What would Tamriel look like if it ever reached the technology we have today?
What is labour augmenting technological progress?
What is the next big thing? In June, Andy Rubin saw AI and quantum computers.
What technological advances have helped the world to become a global village?
What infrastructural changes does a transition from 4G to 5G network demand?
How do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
How do I get .com, .net, or .in domains for free?
What is the IT technology that’s hot on the market and expected to grow in the future?
As automation is coming fast, what will be the most useful skills in the next 10 years?
What is the most exciting / promising developing technology in spaceflight propulsion?
In the near future, could most countries get available space technology like the way most countries have aircraft technologies now?
Is evolution a technology? Is randomness the byproduct or source of technology? What role does novelty have in creating tech? What creates technology?
What is the biggest mistake ever made in the history of technology?
Is it good to be a year down instead of carrying a backlog for next year?
What will people do in ten years that currently seems far fetched?
How have advancements in technology affected graduation rates and grades?
What implications on the legal field do new and emerging technologies have?
Disney is able to charge the battery of your smartphone wirelessly. What are the major upside and downside of this technology?
If humans stopped innovating technology today, how much would AI advance/change current services in the next decade?
What are the recent emerging industries?
How did the Me 262 revolutionize jet technology?
What is the scope of a Muslim student in Canada, who is afraid that majority of world would be xenophobic by next 10 years?
What websites do you read to keep up to date on all the latest news about medicine and health?
Can Singapore survive for the next 100 or 200 years?
What are Top 10 Internet of Things Technologies?
What are some of the travel trends followed by the travel technology companies in 2017?
What according to you is the next big thing that the future generation will take for granted?
What are some potential innovations happened in India in the past 5 years that impacted globally?
How do you know if a meme is outdated?
How would you like to see technology change in the future?
What is the best future technology you can imagine?
What are the coming new technologies?
Can immortality be achieved in the next 20 years?
What is the future of gene therapy? What is the latest update to this technology?
What will happen in the next 5-10 years for certain (for example, global warming)?
What are the needs and roles of technology forecasting?
What book should I use for the latest trends and technology in the fields of mechanical and automobile engineering?
What are some technologies that exist but aren't commonly used or known about, that are significantly better than the current technology in use?
What are the warehousing trends in 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in Protective Eyewear market?
Which is the best technology available to us presently?
What are best entrepreneurs long term vision?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
How has the travel industry been impacted by chatbots?
What will be the upcoming trends in the in-vitro diagnostics market?
What is the best book for automobile engineering that has the latest technology?
Have you ever heard of the data visualization and integration company, Edge Technologies?
What is the worst use of technologies nowadays?
Is it possible that at any given point in the future, technology will fade away?
What is blockchain technology?
What are the growth prospects for LIMS vendors in Asian countries such as Singapore and HongKong over the next 5 years?
Which Arduino board should beginners buy?
How do I start a travel agency business in 15 days?
What type of antenna is used in mobile phone receivers?
What is the latest technology for schools?
What will be the upcoming trends?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
Why is Amadeus software in great demand for the Travel agencies in Saudi Arabia, Dubai and other middle east countries?
Do you believe that the pace of life has increased with the development of technologies?
Which are some of the applications of graphene?
What will be the upcoming trends in Adipic Acid market?
What is “industry trends”?
If someone proposes that you invest in an app that happens to be the next internet big thing, would you do it?
What is the next big thing in mechanical Engineering field?
Have any messaging apps implemented voice-to-text as a default setting?
What is the best solution for analyzing industry trends?
How technologically advanced are we really?
What are the latest technological inventions around the globe?
I need a minimum of 50LPA in the next 10 years. Will Robotics help me achieve this?
What are some things that would revolutionize the world?
What are the hot trends in big data in companies right now?
What current technologies can I learn?
Is the rate at which globlization and technology is advancing, contributing in most Americans getting left behind? Or is this just a basic assumption?
Is Jack Ma correct to say that AI will cause more social pain than benefits over the next 30 years?
What is Sasol’s technology?
How do I change the world in terms of technology?
What do you predict is the next advancement in writing systems?
What are the new IT Technologies?
Which site use angular?
What's the next big WordPress powered idea?
What’s the next big thing in computer science engineering?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What is the technology used in Samsung Pay for the Galaxy S8?
What will be the energy mix in the next 20 years?
What would India be like in the technology field after 10 years?
What sources should I follow and read everyday to keep up to date with new technologies and events in the IT industry?
What does Balaji Viswanathan think of Boston Dynamics' Handle?
Do you need something that isn't existing today? (Technologies, etc…)
What are the recent trends in ECE?
What is SAR in mobile, and what is the highest value of SAR?
Will ResearchGate be relevant in 5 years?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
What will be the upcoming trends in the distribution automation industry?
Where do you see the Manipal Institute of Technology in the next 10 years?
When did you start noticing the impact of technological devices on your life?
Will technology affect a few people?
Are we humnas really getting advanced as predicted decades ago?
Will smartphones be the centre/base of all wearable gadgets in future?
How does the threat of emerging technology reduce recidivism?
Are there new technologies coming, or they have just stopped forever?
What are some new technologies that will allow disabled people to live with more independence within the next decade?
What are some foreseeable technological trends in how we use electronics to access the internet, our data, or more?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
What are the global trends and developments in the alloy and special steel sector?
What are the 2017 trends for online videos?
What is MMX technology?
What will the next generation of coffeeshops look like?
Which advances faster, technology or medicine?
What is the latest advancement in fabric finishes?
What will be the new technology that will come in the automobile industry?
What is the most exciting thing about 3D printing? Where do you see it being applied the most in the future?
How much demand is there for CPQ Cloud technology?
What are some examples of technological advances?
What are latest Enterprise Data Storage technologies being majorly used?
How do I improve the sale of biscuits with new technologies?
What is the next big thing in the software industry that we can expect?
What do you think will be the next huge technological or scientific innovation, and what will its impact be on business?
What did you do/think/feel when you found out that the cure for death will be within the next 20 years?
What are the various features of car rental software system?
How is technology affecting the way we live? And why?
What are the manifestations of evolution in the current era apart of the technological development?
What is the next big thing in real estate in India?
What kind of PM methodologies will emerge in the near future?
Is technology ruining the innocence of love in this tech-savvy era?
What are the technological trends in education?
What is the future of the networking industry? Which network technology could shape our future in years to come?
If you came out with the next big thing after apps would it make you a trillionaire?
To improve technology in Nigeria, what must be done, and how?
What three technological advances do you think we will make in the next thirty years?
Why do crocs prefer to be in water and not land like small lizards?
What are some emerging disruptive technologies, the legal implications of which most lay people have yet to imagine?
What will the upcoming trends in the exploration and production (E&P) software market be?
What fields are going to be the most viable in the next 15 years?
What can we expect from mobile phone camera technology in the next few years?
Has technology become a crutch for dysfunction?
What are some latest advancements in the field of data analysis or some latest opensource libraries or trends?
What is the latest technology used in batteries of UPS?
What are converging technologies? And what is the future of them?
What are the latest career trends in 2017?
What will the world be like with new technologies? What are these new technologies, in regards to the future, in your mind?
How long into the future and by what foreseeable technological means will muggles be able to replicate various Harry Potter magic?
Is it necessary for my travel company to have a mobile presence?
What are some of the emerging criminal justice technology innovations that will impact society?
What are some great websites/ other sources for the latest internet trends and businesses in the US?
What are some technologies that we need but can't produce?
What will be the upcoming trends in the sports protective equipment market?
What are the technologies that will survive the next 10 years?
Is technology an extension of ourselves?
What is the new current technology?
What is Canada's biggest challenge in the next 10 years?
What are some recent trends in IT in India?
Using the latest technologies & maneuvers, what speeds can we hope to achieve in space flight?
Which latest technology should I prefer (learn) to stay in IT companies?
What will be the leading realm in the next 5 years?
What solutions can we expect from genomics in the next 5 years towards a diagnosis and cure?
Which is the newest technology in today's date?
What are some of the most new and interesting technologies in IT industry?
What are some good examples of "augmented reality"?
What industries are emerging now?
How will Apple Inc.’s stock perform in the next 5 years?
What are the new technologies in sensors?
What are the impossible technologies that became possible in the last 10 years?
What are the greatest disadvantages of technology?
The internet caused a huge leap for mankind. What do you think the next big "thing" will be that will change everything as we currently know it?
Where do you see Syria in 5 or 10 years?
What is the current trend in Education and Technology?
What are the revolutionary technologies or areas for software developers coming in the next generation for career prospects, apart from big data?
Do you think libraries will disappear in the future?
Google has almost killed all online dictionaries and lyrics websites. Who will be the next victims of Google's dominance over the internet?
What is the most anticipated tech of 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in Peptide Therapeutics market?
How did the three technological revolutions impact the world?
Is a year down better than going next year with backlogs?
Can we go to the future?
What are some forms of philanthropy currently trending in 2017?
What are the new technologies that will change the world in the coming years other than AI and IOT?
Doesn't it amaze you to see how much technology has evolved?
Do we have technologies that can take us to the stars?
What will the (tech) world look like 5 years from now?
Is this technological era never going to come to an end?
Does the current state of technological advances makes us think less effectively?
What are your views about Globalisation and Protectism? Which of this is more dominant in next 10 years?
What are the big trends in development of APIs?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Unified Communication market?
Can Samuel Petuhov change technology forever?
What is the biggest technology revolution ever coming over the next 10 years?
What is the technology that lasts long in the future?
Which Indian companies are focusing on becoming a digitally native vertical brand?
Is IOT the next big thing in IT and what skills would one need to enter this area?
Where do you think Derrick Rose could go next year?
What are examples of companies that leapfrogged first-movers by only adopting new technology after it matured?
How will plumbing industry be affected by new technologies?
What are the technologies most commonly used in Middle-East India?
What is the future of conventional studies in 10 years?
What are the newest technologies available in computational mechanics?
What will be the biggest industry in the next decade?
What is the compensation and career progression of a SAS analyst over 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the furniture market?
Should we, as a rapidly advancing technological society, be impressed by the release of waterproof cell phones?
What changes will we be seeing in the Indian IT industry in the next 5 years?
What is the most innovative city / area in Europe at the moment?
Is India a market or Producer of wearable technology?
What are the latest trends in hardware?
How dependable can the upcoming AI technology be considered?
How can a honeybee make perfect hexagonal chambers without any geometrical instruments for her hive?
How can I find Future Tech products?
What will the next big technology of the next decade in the IT industry be?
What are some recent technological advancements in water?
What is the next technology that will be put into SOA Suite?
How is technology helpful in hospitals?
As a news editor, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
Which software tool or technology is best to learn for the next 5 to 10 years in IT?
Who is the technological genius of this decade?
Can technology surprise you anymore?
What are examples of technology that were very costly at the start; but, over time, reduced to a nominal amount?
What do doctors think of wearable technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pain Management Devices market?
Can I become one of the greatest DJs in terms of music production if I dedicate my next 5 years to it?
What should I spend the next 20 years learning about?
What are examples of companies that embraced consumer technologies after the technologies were already popular?
How is it possible that technology evolved so fast?
What are the top IoT trends for 2017?
What are some examples of technology that advanced without a scientific foundation?
Are there any new artistic papers that were made possible by new technology?
How will the role of HR change in the next few decades?
Where can I read the new report that Bloomberg created with a think tank, on how technology will affect work and jobs in the future?
Will California break out of the USA in the next 10 years?
What changes will we see in wiki in the upcoming years?
What are the new trends in information technology development?
What are some websites that show you emerging tech trends or fields?
What are some interesting websites or topics about current technology?
Is the rate the technology advances in the movie Transcendence realistic?
What will a blockchain-based life look like in 15 years from now?
What are the most exciting things that you think will happen in the next 10 years as a result of what you are currently doing?
In the the next ten years, what will be the best operating system in the world?
What are the present trends in the construction industry?
What is the next big thing in enterprise applications?
What is the relationship between emerging technology and organisational performance?
What are the emerging fields to select after class 12 for a computer science student?
Will South Korea launch the first 5G network at the 2018 Winter Olympics?
What is the most advanced technological device?
How does wireless charging work?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
How will Blockchain impact the financial industry over the next 20 years?
Is America’s youth heading to worse future thanks to technology?
Where do you see the Indian economy in the future, in 5, 10, 20 and 50 years? Where will it stand against the economies of other countries? Is it developing at full pace?
With technology today, or that of the near future, could we create a functioning light saber (sabre)?
When will the CD/DVD technology completely disappear?
How can I take my future in Internet and technology to the next level? I want to be a part of Google Inc.
Will China become an autarky within the next decade or two?
What's the big thing going on with PlayStation?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Should I wait to be riffed?
How do I see Paysa employee movement/trends?
What are some ways we're using technological advances to augment human memory?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What will the future of drugs be?
What is the next big tech innovation after mobile phones and high tech computers?
What's the next big thing in computer science?
What advancements will we see in NLP in the next 5 to 10 years?
What is it to be myself? How do I know what my talent is? How do I know in which field I do the best?
What technologies are hot in the market?
How can blockchain technology overcome scalability issues in the near future?
Is Alaxander Zverev the next big thing in tennis world?
What is the most outdated technology that you use in your workplace?
Do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
How much of an illusion are the promises of a so-called crypto-future (coming technologies based on cryptography)?
How iPhone has changed our world?
What innovative gadgets would you like to have in the future?
Is VR overrated?
Do you ever find all this technology confusing when comparing the technology of the past to the technology today?
How do you see WikiTribune in 5-10 years?
What does advanced technological fabrication and design mean?
Where can I find up-to-date, trending deals?
Can you use sun beams that shoot down to earth concentrated enough to drill into the ground?
Is there an inexpensive way to hire a patent attorney for a new invention?
What are the new technologies that are in their inception and might have a big reach?
What are the upcoming trends For website design?
What old technologies are still superior in quality?
What are the criteria for Apple to obsolete a technology?
What should I do if someone calls the pound on my dog?
What technologies will be available by the 2020s?
Which are trending technology news websites?
Are smart speakers (Alexa, Google Home, etc.) going to replace a meaningful fraction of the normal speaker market?
What is the top trending topic in mobile security in 2017?
Can Android OS be replaced with any new technology in the future?
What will be the next big step in the sharing economy?
How does Google's API Cloud Video Intelligence work?
Will college diplomas become obsolete in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Commercial Refrigeration Equipment market?
How has technology changed socialization?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
How could Chatbots impact the travel industry?
In the next 20–40 years, who do you think will be the most respected researcher in computer science?
How do electronic devices capture light?
How does it feel like being exposed to a new world and technology after a 15+ year of coma state?
What do you think is the major advancement in the field of aerospace in the last 5 years?
Where will the next big fight for oil be?
What will the upcoming trends be in the ADME toxicology testing market?
What's the practice of architecture going to be like in the near future? What changes will we be seeing, given the fast rate of technological advancement?
Where can I get some cool ideas for decorating my room, my computer table and the walls?
What are the reasons of scientific and technological advancement of Japan?
If landing on the moon was possible decades ago, why don't we see other nations doing the same thing now that technology is way more advanced?
In the next ten years, what growth do you expect to see in protein therapeutics?
What is the limitation of improved technology?
What are recent advancements in measurement and evaluation in education?
How do you check if someone has high honesty and integrity to work with and becoming business partners for the next 5 years?
What should I choose at the age of 27, salary or latest technology for work?
If you find a phone a hundred years in the future and give it to scientists today, what hypothetical advancements would be made in technology?
Considering sportswear technology and genetic editing advancements, how will the game of basketball look 100 years from now?
Is it a moral imperative for a technologically advanced species to design life?
What must be changed in India in the next two years?
What's the next big leap in automotive systems?
Could we go to any planets in the next few decades if we put most of our economies into it?
What is the next trend in car lighting?
What's the most promising new industry in the future?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
When is the next Evento version coming out?
What technology training will be most desired in the next 3 years, when tech employers are looking for professional employees ($50k+ per year only)?
What jobs should I be considering for 5 - 10 years from now?
How does the Israeli society see the future in the long run? Are they optimistic about the world in the next 20 or 30 years?
What do you think the world will be like 10 years from now (2017)?
What are the latest development in biotechnology?
Why are US corporations using their more advanced technologies in other countries?
Will industrial engineering become obsolete?
Which new/trending technology should I learn before my final year vacation?
Will Appian be around for the next ten years?
What is the smallest possible diameter hole that can be drilled using the latest technology, and by which process?
How can I inspire my customers by having a good travel technology?
If we are progressing so far in science and technology, why haven't they proved evolution yet?
What popular website isn't going to survive the next 10 years?
Which is the tech review (blog/channel) that you refer before buying stuff? And, why?
What are the industries that would be booming in the next 5 to 10 years?
Will technological advances and advancing cultures lead long term to the extinction of the human race?
Apart from technological advances, how has warfare changed in the last few hundred years?
Can Ethereum be the next big thing after Bitcoin?
Why are advancements in technology growing exponentially?
What are Bill Gates’ expectations for the biggest issue technology can solve in the next 10 years?
What new technologies are likely to be developed in the future (in 100yrs)?
What new devices will be introduced within the next 50 years?
Do you ever worried that may be in the next decade you are going to lose your job due to those super computers and robots?
Is it true that military technology is 30 years ahead of civilian technology?
What are the current trends in technology this 2015 and 2016?
What is the latest technology in a data warehouse?
What are some scientific concepts which were accepted absolutely a few years ago, but have been refuted now after advanced research?
What are the main advantages of using car rental software for your business?
Does the IT (Computer Technology) of Canada have potential in the near future?
What's the likelihood that the hype around the Nokia 3310 coming back is true and the phone sells a lot of units compared to Apple or Samsung?
What percentage of CFA jobs will machines take in the next 5 years?
Is there such thing as being big boned?
What are the latest environmental control technologies used?
What are some interesting websites related to current technologies?
Which is the latest technology in science?
Will the Android 5 Lollipop still exist in the next two years?
Investors: is Nokia worth your investment in 2017?
What is Leader Technologies?
What organizational design changes, if any, do you see are needed to take advantage of technological changes?
How do I learn about the latest technology and modern techniques, like polyhouses, in agriculture in India?
What is the primary technology or development that allows drones to exist en masse now, but not ten years ago?
What are the best sources to keep up with meta-trends in digital transformation?
What is your prediction for global developments in the next 10 years?
Which is the most technologically advanced motorcycle in India?
What are the emerging technologies and most unknown technologies, for a paper presentation to compete with others?
What will be the upcoming trends in the bunker fuel market?
What are the new technologies in automobiles?
What is the latest technology in robotics?
What are the latest developments in the electronics industry?
How do I keep myself updated on foreign opportunities regarding technology?
What are the best audio gadgets?
Why does it appear that technology makes huge advancements every year that can be seen and applied in the field, while medicine slowly progresses?
What technology did people in the 1900s predict in the future (e.g., for 2000)?
What are the trends in chemical manufacturing today?
What are the technological advancements in design?
How likely is it for the outermost layers of our brains to be entirely artificial by the next decade?
How has battery technology evolved in the past few years, and how can it evolve further?
What is the next big thing in the real estate world? Either you move with the trends or get left behind.
What are the latest technological advancement in recent times?
What is the latest technology now?
What is the main goal of Samsung's $1 billion investment in AI technology?
What are the areas in banking where technological advancement are needed currently?
Who believes technology from the FAR future already exists and that governments are just holding it back to release it in stages?
What will be India's military position in the world in the next 10 years?
Is the definition of technology changing?
Has there been a rapid progression in materialism recently or has the advancement in communication technology, just brought it to our attention?
What is the next big thing in cryptocurrency?
What's next after smartphones?
What are the most exciting problems to be working on in the high end audio market over the next two years?
In the future, could new industries and new technologies create wealth beyond our imaginations?
What will the upcoming trends be in the distribution automation market?
Who will our enemies be in the next 50 years?
What is the latest technology used in formwork?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
We always talk about where we have gotten in 20 years. How much technology would've developed? What's humanity's future? But what happens to us today?
What are the latest manufacturing trends and how can Nestle benefit from them?
What are the best majors for ambitious young people?
Start: What's the first step to take after coming up with an idea for a company?
How do customers benefit from the growth of travel technology?
What is the latest irrigation technology?
Why do some people eat dogs and cats?
How do you become an “early adopter” of the next big thing in the tech world?
What is the next big MLM?
What are the latest trends in pre-engineered buildings (PEB) and structures?
Why don't banks rewrite their software with the latest bleeding edge technology?
What are the estimated sales of voice assistant devices in 2017?
Is Marshmello the next big thing in EDM music?
What jobs will be highly paid in next 10 years?
Where do you see technology in future for example first internet and computer era then smartphone, app, v.r so, what is going to be next big thing?
Does not it necessary for the number of diseases to be reduced while technology is so advanced?
Are there any plausible Interstellar propulsion systems on the relatively near-term horizon (next 10-20 years)?
What would super fast nano technology physically look like?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ultrasound Devices?
What is the latest or an upcoming technology/topics related to security, cryptography, or digital signature for delivering a technical seminar?
What is the next big platform for marketing?
What makes you most optimistic when you look at the next 25 years?
Which are the best tech applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What do you think has been the greatest technical innovation in the last 10 years?
What ‘geo – economic’ region in the world offers the best business development opportunity in the next 5 years?
How will the world be transformed by the digitalization?
How will airline costs be affected in the next 5-10 years?
What will the upcoming trends in the pharmacogenomics market be?
What will be the future of mobile phone after a 30 years from now?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
What's the upcoming new technology now?
Which areas should India really focus on right now and where can technology be used to tackle those issues?
What is the latest technology that's used in smartphones?
What are current technology developed by IBM?
What are the major trends in jewelry in 2017?
What are the new trends in information technology in tourism?
Besides Concorde jets, what are some examples of a new technology being adopted in modern times but later abandoned in favour of older technology?
What is the best way to keep abreast of the latest developments in machine learning?
What technological changes will happen over next 7-10 years?
What should I do to improve my skills in technology?
What is beacon technology?
What home color trends for 2017 are you most excited about?
What is the best way of learning T24 technology?
What will be the change in technology after 50 years from now?
If Moore's law is coming to an end, does that mean that iPhones won't be much more powerful or faster in 10 years?
What image do you get when you imagine yourself after five years? Where do you want to see yourself?
What scares you most when you think about the next 25 years?
Which part of bacteria is used in rDNA technology?
What are some common flaws in mobile devices?
What are the upcoming Android Wear 2 smartwatches in India (2017)?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
What are the current Business Trends?
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
What are the specific aspects that make car rental applications inevitable for your travel business?
Are we ready for a bear, or a prolonged sideways, market for approximately the next 20 years?
What is the next technology that the world is waiting for in the next 10-15 years?
How many upcoming national parties do you see in the next 10 to 15 years?
What is the biggest trend?
Have sticky notes become less popular in the digital age?
Why should I buy a smartwatch?
Which are top highly payable technologies trending in market for 4 year experience developer?
What would be the next big thing in chemical engineering?
Will there come a time when there will be no innovation and technological advancement?
Is AI the next big (Good / Worst) change for the world?
Why do people resist technology changes?
What are the recent trends in HRD?
Which are the best technological sites?
What is the future of technology business?
What are the latest programming trends this year, 2017?
What is the latest advanced gun?
What are some of the main theories about mindcontrol and erasing memories?
What is the third stage of tri state logic device in digital electronics?
How do open source hardware companies avoid patent infringement?
What will the next internet gold rush be?
What will be the upcoming trends in Variable Frequency Drive?
Why are passengers asked to switch off all electronic devices before takeoff and landing?
Is the next big thing predicted or created?
Are talk therapists in danger of being replaced by technological solutions?
What are some new technologies that are user-friendly for people above the age of 65 or so?
Is there a way to tweak Word to make the canvas look grey in a dark theme?
What is the new technology that has been adopted in the civil engineering field in the year 2017?
How do I keep up to date with each and every new technology around us?
What are the latest technologies introduced to the automotive industry?
How far beyond can we go with nanotechnology?
What is the future of big data and Hadoop online classes?
Just how far can technology advance in the smartphone area?
What are the leads and trends in new high-tech products now?
Will technology in the 2020s decade be similar to Corning Incorporated’s vision?
What will be the upcoming trends in Medical Adhesives and Sealants market?
Why is the thicc trend a thing?
What are the current technology trends that are already in the market this 2016?
What is the coolest current or up and coming fitness technology?
Do you think demons are inter-dimensional beings with advanced technology?
What is the impact of wearable technology over the healthcare sector?
What will be the upcoming trends in the electric vehicle market?
What are the recent advances in surface measurement?
What is the future of automobiles in Pakistan in the next 5 years?
What are the upcoming trends in the ostomy drainage bags market?
In the next decade, which professional career group will occupy the top?
What will be done in biotechnology and nanotechnology in the future? Do they have any dark sides if we become advanced in these technologies?
What are some details about technological advancements related to the marine field?
What do you think with be the next best technology?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
What is the differentiation between OTAs and direct booking features?
What's your top 10 technology news page?
Will a company ever achieve a market valuation of 2 trillion (US) dollars in the next 10–15 years?
What are the skills needed and the genuine sector to invest myself in to become mega rich within the next decade?
What are rather new technologies?
Which is the better way to learn Hadoop technology? What are some technologies that will have the better scope in the future?
Why is the sub-Saharan part of Africa the most backward in the world in terms of technology and societal advancement?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ophthalmology Devices market?
What are the latest technologies in the world today and where can I read about them?
How did Charlotte Coliseum become obsolete so quickly?
What are the benefits of wearable technology?
What is the future of technology in transportation?
What are the new thing that we can implement by using IOT?
Why are banks slow to adopt new technology?
Which major technological products will continue to exist in our present century?
What is the future of digital wallets? If they're not going too far, what's the next big thing?
Will we likely have the technology to reliably reverse male vasectomies 10-20 years in the future?
How soon will 100% eco-friendly autonomous cars be affordable?
Which technology is in demand for IT administrators?
What's your predictions for SPWR in the next decade?
What are the latest scientific developments in the field of food science and technology in Canada?
How do you predict that Internet culture will change in the next 10 to 20 years?
Which subtitle software is being used by prime focus technologies?
Where can I find research reports, articles, etc. about the latest trends in store design, specifically in India?
What are the latest technologies introduced in automobiles?
Is any language going to grow bigger than JavaScript in the next 10 years?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in five years (2022)?
What are the latest technology trends in corrosion inhibitors (oil and gas industries)?
Which jobs are the most threatened by future technological advances?
Can I quit my job after being approved for a house loan?
What do you think the longest lifespan is that a person can have?
What are some of the best technical hacks?
Which are the biggest websites using Backbone.js?
Looking at the trend of technology inventions, what kind of technology advancements will we witness by 2050?
What are some of the touch points that can be capitalised upon in the travel industry?
What are the latest technologies in football in all aspects like training, refereeing, etc.?
How do I keep myself up to date in today's business world?
What does trustless mean when it comes to a technology?
How many miles an hour does light travel?
Will there be a shortage of pathologists in the USA and Canada in the next 10 years?
What should BPOs do to stay relevant in this digital era?
What is it like to be in the latest technology cinema in the USA?
What is a good fibre optic OTDR mini portable unit?
What role, if any, would draftees play in a potential WW3? Does modern technology make "cannon fodder" obsolete?
What advancements could be done in the field of building relocation?
What are the latest technologies that will be introduced in 2017?
How do I manage my car rental business by using car rental applications?
What are the three major mistakes of travel companies that affects their growth?
What are the future industries expected to boom in a few years?
With so much advancement in technology, why are dental treatments still as barbaric as they were 50 years ago?
What will be the upcoming trends in Non-Invasive Prenatal testing market 2016-2022?
Are there any legal concentrated drugs in the USA for sleep?
How cheap will smartphones become in the next few years?
Is automation only related to the introduction of new technology?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
What can be the 'humanity-changing' inventions in the future?
Is WiMAX technology coming to an end?
Given the fact that technology/methodology expires in three years, why do companies ask for 5+ or 8+ years of experience in technology/methodology?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
What is the most reactive element in group 1?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
What is the next big job in the commerce field?
What is the most likely scenario for a world war in the next decade, assuming one will happen?
Will Tezos replace the Internet?
What are the five big trends in healthcare?
What changes do you want to see in your country in the next 5 years?
What is the scope for VFX in the next 10 years?
What's the future of Apple in the next 10 years?
What information would make foresight professionals more successful?
Will a Super NES Classic come to market this year or the next?
Which knitwear styles are on trend now?
What are the latest electronic protection and electronic support features in latest air defence systems?
What will the upcoming trends in the powder coatings industry be?
Which domain has scope of getting more IT projects in next 5 to 10 years?
In what pace is the technology growing?
What are the latest trends in digital marketing​?
What's our future going to be like? Will it be a future of science because the technology that we have is evolving, or a wasteland future because of global warming, etc.?
I have a technology blog where I write about the technologies that is already defining the future. What would you like reading on it?
What are the hot topics of the coming 5-10 years?
Where can I get sources for the latest wireless technology?
How has shipping technology changed throughout the years?
What are the most awesome technology in 2017?
What can I read to update my knowledge about the latest technology in cars?
Which technology is trending now in IT industry and will come in trending after 2 years?
Is Instagram going to be the next big thing?
What are your biggest goals right now that you hope to accomplish in the next 5-10 years?
Which are the best technology applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What will be the fate of both the USA and Russia in the next 10-20 years? Who will have more supporting nations for them?
What will be the upcoming trends in MES & ECQM market?
What is the future going to be like?
What do you think will be the next major piece of technology that everyone in the world will have?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ediscovery market?
What are the vital features of the car rental app?
What is FPGA? How does that works?
Which companies in Guntur and Vijayawada can offer VR technology like a VR lens and videos and games to experience it?
What are the best sources for getting updated with latest discoveries and life hacks?
What's the most promising emerging industry?
What technological advancements are still necessary to replace police officers with automation?
Is monogamy going to die in the next decade because it is too easy in the modern world to cheat?
What are the most likely ways science might significantly reduce the need for sleep in the next 25 years?
How far are we from a bionic/prosthetic hand capable of playing the piano?
What will be next big impact on digital India according to Nostradamus?
Will Ethereum still be popular in 5-10 years?
Where in the world is the most electric car friendly?
What do you think the world will be like in 10 years?
How will the large-scale obsolescence of today's professions due to technological advancement transform society?
What should be next big thing in India to start a startup with?
What are the latest gadgets that can grab the attention of others (not including smartphones)?
Where would you put $1m knowing that you can not touch it for the next 10 years?
Where do you see CA as a profession in the next 10 years?
Which is the best personal safety wearable device out there?
What are the requirements to work in Boston Dynamics as a mechanical engineer?
If humanity had no concept of war would we be more or less technologically advanced?
What things must be included in Indian sports policy to make it the most comprehensive for our upcoming generation in next 20 years?
As Bitcoin starts to mature in the next 10-20 years, will it replace or supplement cash or currency?
How do I follow the latest trends in the travel technology market?
What are some of the best tech credentials and certificates one can get before university?
What scares you the most about technology?
What are some of the best uses of bluetooth?
What all new technology and experience do companies demand these days from freshers?
Will paper ever become obsolete in India?
What is ransomware?
Astrologically, is a saint expected to lead the country in the next 10 years?
What processes will be automated within the next ten years?
What are the disadvantages of lifi technology?
I just had a minor accident what should I do? CA.USA.
What will be the next big thing in 2017, after Google, Facebook and Twitter?
How will the world look in next 100 years?
What is the next big thing in IoT?
Will we have more technology to overcome in the future?
What are some international technology conferences?
What is the latest technology in PHP?
How can technology help in providing staffing solutions?
Is it possible for an IT experienced person to move to current IT trends?
Is artificial intelligence the next big thing in India?
What are the trends of futures of CRM?
What will technology be like in the 2020s decade?
Will automation and advanced technology reduce manufacturing costs to make automobiles cheaper for consumers in 2020 as compared to 10 years ago?
How much will Patanjali grow in the next 5 years in whole world? Will it beat HUL?
What will be the upcoming trends in Hypodermic Needles market 2016?
Do people need Azan in the world of smart tech, smartphones, and wearable tech?
What is Gigya for?
Why isn’t America supportive of new technology transportation systems?
Where can I get the latest and recent trends or innovations in research areas?
What do you think computers will be like in the next 35 years?
What trends will we see in politics 20 years from now?
What happens after the JAM?
Is the laser TV the next-generation display technology?
Is there any new discovery in technology recently?
Where should I go to university next year?
What is the latest technology used in events execution?
What is meant by technological change?
What are the cringiest trends of 2017 so far?
What are the leading trends of new high-tech products this year?
What are recent electronics technologies?
How do I find the next big thing like Bitcoin?
How will the world change in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Zinc Citrate market?
How can we design smart devices and wearable apps?
Do you know the hottest trend in bitcoin business industry?
What is “mobile malware”?
What will be the future of radiopharmaceuticals in the coming 5 years?
Is there a chance that we could see Google Glass (or similar) used by millions of people in the next 5-10 years?
Which tech giants are investing the most in AI and what are their long-term plans?
Which technology has a demand in the future and has more survival chances?
Why do some people say VR contact lenses are the future in VR?
What is smart city surveillance?
What will Australian foreign policy be in the next 20-30 years?
Will CA profession be outdated soon (10 years) as we see drastic changes through technology?
What are the prospects for a significant increase in PC computation power over the next decade?
What is the next big thing after Bitcoin?
What are your suggestions for good 40-inch LED TVs?
What would be the condition of the IT industry in the next 5 years?
What are some of the must-see technological innovations?
Which is the most reliable 16 GB memory card available in Indian market?
How is the world going to change in the next 50 years?
What's in tech today?
What will some upcoming trends in the telecommunications API market be?
How can I start a career in IOT technology?
Will operations jobs become obsolete in the future due to AI?
What are the best trending gadgets in 2017?
What is the next advancement in tractor manufacturing?
How can smart baggage solutions help travelers?
Where can I download a Steve Jobs and the Next Big Thing ebook or pdf version for free?
Can Islam survive the next 100 years?
Is the technology in Horizon Zero Dawn possible within the next 50 years?
What social and economic consequences would arise if a true AIaaS (artificial Intelligence as a service) offering was available to anyone?
What are some of the most complex & the most advanced technology mankind have ever invented?
Are women destined to become significantly more dominant than men in American society over the next 50 to 100 years?
What will happen if I don’t crack the trend.nxt exam held at Wipro?
What are the emerging technologies and program initiated by top institution of India?
How powerful will computing power be in the next 50 years?
What is the mobile technology uses by Pakistan?
What are some predictions for the market of computer programming in the next years?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
What is the Radio Garden?
What are the top 3 car rental apps for Windows phone users?
What is the next big thing in cryptography?
What does “push the human race forward” mean?
What is the next big thing that is going to happen in India in terms of employment of youth?
What is the next big thing you are working on? Do you think you will change the world again the way you did with Wikipedia?
What are some of the things you can't do in spite of the technological advancements in today's world?
What are a few industries that will flourish in the next 10–20 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Car Rental market 2016?
What are the things that Odisha people are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
What are the latest technologies that are over-hyped?
What will be the upcoming trends in Electrical Enclosure market?
What is one technology or a technology update that was readily embraced by the general public from the get-go?
Can you briefly explain "risk and finance technology"?
What is the emerging new gadgets?
How will biotechnology develop and how will it change our lifes in the next decades?
I would like to visit Japan next year, probably for 20-30 days. What are the things I need to take care of?
Will weed be legalised across the globe in the next 10-50 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Infusion pumps market?
What are the latest trends in database?
Are there any scholarships that cover everything from studying expenses to luxuries, such as a car (transportation) and the latest devices/technology?
What is the hottest trend or technology in software testing?
How do I switch technology after working for 6years on obsolete technology?
What are three technological devices that have reduced privacy?
What is the most wanted technology to learn with ASP.NET?
What do you think of wearable watches?
What do you think will be the developments/changes in the area of biorobotics, in the next decade or two?
What is the cost we're paying for the technological advancements?
Which is the booming technology in the upcoming years in the IT industry?
What's the next big thing currently in the Silicon Valley?
What do you think is the one thing that advancement in technology can never change?
What are some promising technology you wish had more funding?
How likely is it that something highly disruptive will happen to the western society in the next 20 years?
What are the hottest consumer technologies for a new grad to work on in 2017?
What triggered the three technological revolutions?
What will be the upcoming trends in Power Tools market?
What is the most promising field in biotechnology for the next 10 years?
What technology advancement or growth will there be by 2025? Or just what will it be like in 2025?
What things should I do/read to get updated with the latest technologies?
As far as technological advances go, what things do you expect to see 50 years from now?
What are the most accurate articles you've read that talk about predictions on wars in the next years?
How does new technology influence you as a worker or a leaner?
What is the coolest technology that you wish existed today and that you think will exist in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pharmacovigilance market?
Which devices are considered as a technological miracles?
What are the chances of Canada making it to the top 5 world economies in the next 15-20 years?
What are some ideas or next generation apps or invention which can make a CS student billionaire within 2.5 years?
What problems do you face often, and do you hope technology will solve the problem someday?
Will malls still exist in the US in 2025?
If technology keeps growing, when will smart phones be a thing of the past?
What is your opinion of the gold industry as it stands today compared to what it will look like in 5-10 years?
What are the latest AI's which are very advanced in their work and are reshaping the future?
How can process automation help organizations grow their digital business?
What changes can we expect in the next decade in the way the world buys and sells energy?
What new products should Google create?
Is the Internet of things the next trend to change and hopefully improve humanity's wellbeing?
What is the best wearable technology in 2017?
How did travel websites with booking system modules grow over the last few years?
How can I develop an idea into an actual Android app?
Which is the most technologically advanced country?
Is it possible that gunshots will be close to silent as technology develops?
What's the longevity of Quora? How long can the platform last (with respect to practicality/monetary level)?
How far behind is India, in comparison to current global technological/scientific advancements and standard of living?
Have there been any updates on Kaede Uber?
What will the upcoming trends in the mining equipment market be?
What is your wildest imagination about our future technology?
How has the advancement of technology affected recruitment?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
What are some mind blowing inventions that most people don't know about?
Why haven't uncontacted peoples developed more advanced technology than what they currently have?
What's the next big thing in data science?
Is virtual reality dead?
What sub-verticals of FinTech are most likely to get disrupted in the next 5 years?
Solar technology is rapidly advancing, which is the best businesses in India?
How do optical heart rate sensors work?
How technology advancement has helped the media?
What are the new technologies in Information Technology that will lead to extraordinary success in the future?
What forms of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years?
Can new technologies be used to protect the public?
Which sources should I follow in order to be regularly updated about the latest advancements in automobiles?
Does Definitive Technology W Studio sound bar now have W7 and W9 surround capability?
How can I make much money in the next 5-10 years?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What is the next industry to be taken over by the internet?
What is the future of social networks and how do you think their design will change in the next 10 years?
What piece of new technology (not yet invented) are you most looking forward to?
What will be the upcoming trends in the nosocomial infection treatment market?
What could be the alternate method to sell water, instead of one time use plastic water bottles?
What techniques do you think marketers will use in the next 5-10 years to attract consumers?
What are the latest developments in packaging technology? What can we expect in the future?
Why hasn't there been a viral cellphone game in 2016-2017?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is the relation of Asia to the world ten years from now?
What are the improvements you guys will be doing in the near future?
What is going to be the new technology trend 5 years from now?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
Is it possible to make a necklace that will vibrate if another necklace is near? If yes, how?
What will be the cheapest mode of communication in the next 5 years?
What are the tools that will rule the IT industry in the next 20 years?
What current trends do you think will be made fun of in the future (e.g., slang, games, etc.)?
What trends do you see taking place in the education industry in the next 5-10 years?
What are some new trends in siding for my home?
Which institute teaches interior dealing with the latest technology?
How do I stay current with business/technology trends?
What purchase of 100$ or less has positively impacted your life lately?
Will automation take over accounting within the next few decades?
What is the next big trick in freestyle scooting?
Which technological advancement would you most like to see occur within the next 100 years?
Do you think Kendrick’s next album will be a classic 20 years from now?
What are the three latest river cruising trends in 2017?
What is the future of Nigerian economy in the next 5 to 6 years?
What are the new technologies available for constructing buildings?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
What's it like working at TFT (Think Future Technologies) Gurgaon?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
What is the likely adoption of wireless car charging in the next 20 years?
What is a blyebrain technology?
How does bluetooth connect two devices?
Is SAN technology really going to vanish?
When will technology effectively allow us to block all sound?
Which are the stocks that will multiply 100 times in the next 20 years?
What are the latest trends that telcos should be looking into?
What are the upcoming trends in the cell culture media and reagents market?
What is your reference or source for staying up-to-date on all technological news and updates?
Who do you think could be an alternate leader to Modi in the coming 5-10 years?
Is there any mobile app or software or invention banned because it could be highly misused?
Which site keeps us updated about the IT sector?
Have you used UWB technology?
From where does the Technical Guruji (Gaurav Choudhary) read the technical news?
What will the upcoming trends in the industrial fasteners market be?
Which RAM technology is used nowadays?
Is there a limit to technological development?
Where can I buy authentic technology databases?
Why is my switch not giving out DHCP IP?
What does the future of innovation hold in the next 5 to 10 years and beyond?
What are the new smartphones and technologies in the market?
If you had a history book from 10 years in the future, what would you do with it?
What is the next big boom in technology?
Why don't I see myself in a relationship for the next 5 years?
Have you wondered what the world will be like in the next 10 years?
What are some examples of cutting edge technology?
Is it there any new technology adopted in the steel construction field?
How did Hard Rock Stadium become obsolete so quickly?
Can you name 5 events that are likely to bring significant changes within the next 20 years?
What do you see as the next biggest tech trend?
What should I do right now to be rich in the next two years?
What will come next: 3, 10, 20, 39, 85?
What will be the upcoming trends in the mechanical mine clearance systems market?
What is an ideal laptop configuration for a Java developer who is studying networking, Linux, and security stuff like CEH and OSCP?
What are the issues with IOT sensors?
Did Robert Heinlein believe that he and his wife might live for centuries, due to advances in technology? Which advances were those?
Where can I find 10 years of data for metal industry?
What are ways to always stay updated on the latest technology?
What can we expect from Foursquare in the next few years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Calcium Carbide market?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
What is the likely next breakthrough in technology in next decade?
How is the travel industry impacted by chatbots?
How can I start learning car electronics?
What would you say will be the next big trend in the UX Design industry?
Will AI become like Skynet in the foreseeable future? How would it happen and how would we react?
With the rapid advancements in modern technology, are we heading towards unconsciously creating Skynet?
Why do people use the dog filter?
What will be the upcoming trends in Kerosene (Jet A-1)?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
Could we go to Mars in the next couple of decades if we put all our economies into it?
What are the latest technologies for energy conservation?
What are the most promising healthcare technician technologies in USA?
What is the upcoming trends in Ultrasound Devices industry?
What do people like about technology?
How can I stay up to date on the latest news about robotics?
What is the new technology in closed circuit television?
What are the features of the network, and how would it be in the next few years?
Is domain switching in the tech industry, as per interests and current tech trends, a good practice in the long term?
What's the hottest industry this year?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What are some of the crazy science & technology projects which will commence in near future?
What is the next big thing with SpaceX?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past century?
What is an easy-to-find and cheap, germ-free material? I live in Brazil but I don't know how evolved this technology is here.
Is the future of computing centralized and distributed via the cloud? Or will tech become so small and cheap we each have amazing home systems?
What will be the upcoming trends in the lubricants market?
What are the pros and cons of technological advancements?
What are the new trends in logistics?
What will be the upcoming trends in the infant formula market?
Why are IoT engineers becoming a hot trend these days, and will this trend continue for a long period of time?
Given the impact of technology on the world today, should the US have a more technology-savvy president?
Which smartphone has the most advanced technology?
What will be going on in the future?
What were the 5 most significant scientific inventions for their time since 1917, and what might be the next, of similar importance, within 20 years?
Computer Science: What are the advantages and disadvantages of von Neumann architecture vs Harvard architecture?
Why does a technology become outdated before it is implemented?
What is current trending non-IT technology for MBA graduates?
What will the upcoming trends be in pipeline monitoring solutions?
What do you guys consider to be the next big thing in the business world?
What is the best blogpost about digital transformation?
Is the advancement in technology really able to lead human to a great world in the future?
What would happen if all technology stopped working?
Will immigration be lowered in Europe within the next 10 years?
What are the latest advancements in biomechanics?
Which European economy will come out on top in the next 10-15 years?
Will the internet exist and still be used in the next 10 years?
What are some of the best magazines where I could learn about the latest innovations in music technology?
Why would you prefer Bigbasket over Grofers?
How should an Engineering student manage to stay updated with the latest industry and technology when the academic syllabus is way much outdated?
What do the jewels on high-end watches do? Do they have to be precious stones?
What is the best wearable device as smart alarm/ smart wake up device?
What will be the upcoming trends in Metrology software market?
What is your idea about future technology?
How do you see web/app performance optimizations changing in the next 10 years?
How is Tesla storing, processing, and uploading sensor data on their cars?
What advice do you have for amateurs who want to learn about technology and the future of technology?
What will be the next big problem humanity will face in the coming century?
How will technology help people in future years?
What is the way to get upcoming technology into your company?
How will Robert kirkman be remembered years from now?
What are some of the best blogs that would keep me updated with modern technology and advances in computer science?
What do you know about TARV Technologies?
How is Jio going to provide such a heavy discount for the next 4 to 5 years and survive in such a competitive market?
What are the scientific and technological new inventions in the world?
How will the politics in Tamil Nadu look in the next 5, 15 and 20 years?
What are the future technologies for development?
Do you agree, that the new communication technologies are giving us the power to sacrifice conversation for mere connection?
What's your prediction about Asia 10-20 years later?
What is the difference between a microprocessor and microcontroller?
What will happen to the cinema industry in the next 10 years?
What do you think about the future cars? The technology in the future cars? How far can technology go?
What are the biggest Trends in the future of work and professionals being automated and let go in 2017?
Technology: What is Raspberry Pi?
What do you think is the next big wave in consumer tech?
Which technology is better to work with, SQL or AngularJs?
What is the latest development in information technology?
What is the best free product to get IT users and clients for my new webpage https://tekkshare.com?
What is the new technology research in agriculture?
What is the biggest tragedy to ever slow the advancement of technology?
Which language should I go for, PHP or Android?
Which one is better to start with: Arduino or AVR?
Is Ukraine a good place to live and invest? What are its growth prospects over the next 10-20 years?
What form of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years? Is it true that Chinese emergence is a threat to the democratic model?
What are the latest embedded technologies?
What new manufacturing technologies can we expect to see in future space systems?
Who died and made cauliflower the next big thing?
Is there a wearable device to track arrhythmia?
What technological improvements will the third-generation HoloLens have?
Will my job be relevant in 10 years?
What is digital technology? Why are all IT services shifting towards digital technology? I thought everything was digital already. What changed?
What technologies of the future are becoming available now?
What is the next new technology/innovation that only Apple can get right?
How did technology change the world?
What is the best way to keep up to date on ad technology?
As a journalist, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
What are the features that make car rental software important for your business?
What are some improvements of 5G telecoms network over 4G?
What are the areas in which technological development is necessary in India?
What is the next big IPO I should be keeping an eye on?
What will future technology mean for humans?
Which are the best home theatre systems in India and what are their respective prices?
What are the biggest cases of companies that perish as a result of missed trend or failed forecast?
What is the biggest trend in the future of work in your opinion?
Given the troubles happening at Medium, what is the next big thing in independent web publishing?
What are the latest trends and developments in automation industry and how it is going to change in future?
In what ways would society change in the next 25 years?
What are the trends in education today?
Why is battery technology so far behind?
What happened when Google tested advertising on Google Home?
Why do companies fail to migrate their web applications to the latest technology?
Do technological advances make for a higher quality of life?
Where do you see angel investing going in the next 5-10 years?
What will be the future of the internet, 10 years from now?
What are the most exciting developments in science/technology happening right now?
How does multi-touch work?
What is the second most technologically advanced racing series after F1?
What new technologies does 5G network include?
Are we better off with all this new technology?
Where do you see UP politics, in the next 10 years?
How will the technology we use improve within a decade?
Will civil aviation pilots be totally replaced by AI within the next 25 years?
How can a travel company take advantage of chatbots to overcome competition?
What are the most profitable industries in the next decade?
Which is the best book regarding the latest technology for power plants?
Which is the latest technology, in Indian IT?
How do companies having old technology stack cope with the companies having almost same idea but latest technology stack?
What are bouncing switches?
What technology is there to help midwives?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
What are technological advances of the Visayan Pre-colonial Filipnos in terms of metallurgy, architecture and writing?
What are the latest tech trends?
What new technology with capacity to revolutionize the world should we expect in the next decade(s)?
When we will have that futuristic dream world with all that cool technology, etc. Will we have another “future” to aim for and set as our next goal?
What future technology of Star Trek do you think will be realized in our lifetimes (aside from the already realized technologies such as tablets etc.)?
Are there any ways to use technology in the judiciary?
What else would people call emerging technologies?
What innovations are you most excited to see emerging in urban areas over the next several years?
What are the new technology driven manufacturing setups is best for future business?
Will the Amazon Echo Look be a successful product?
What does unknown technology mean?
What could you expect the next innovation of technology Would be?
How do I find trends about funds?
Which among the new and emerging memory technologies will change the computing industry?
Can I make a feature like Alexa/Siri execute verbal and built in (automated) commands, open applications, give me system updates, learn, and more?
What will be the future trends in back office operations?
What's with the layoff from all the software giants? We knew this was coming but not this early. So what's next? How do we know the impact is over?
How does a patent lawyer conduct a patent search differently than a regular person might? How can you make your patent search more efficient?
What technological advancements can drive the poverty throughout every corner of the world?
Could a human survive 5Gs for about two days using existing or near future technology?
What are the vital properties of an e-commerce app for the travel industry?
Can Dubai become the next NYC within 20 years?
Why are aeroplane windows still so small? Has technology not progressed enough in the past decades?
What industries will have a promising future in Saudi Arabia for the next 10-15 years?
How is digitization going to change everyone's life in the next 10 years?
What are some emerging trends in IT outsourcing?
As a social entrepreneur having just an idea, what is the next big thing to do to attract investors?
What is the next technological advancement in battery storage?
With the advancements in technology, the demand for ATCs might reduce. Do you agree?
What is smartshader technology?
How will the world be or look like in the next 200 years?
What do you mean Travel Technology software?
What phone apps do you think are a must have?
What will be the upcoming trends in A2P SMS market?
What field of science has the best chance of discovering big breakthroughs in the next 10 years?
What laptop will be the first to run Andromeda OS?
If the IRR is 20% over 10 years, would it be worse or better over five years? How does cost sharing affect the result?
What are the latest technology adoption in employee performance management globally?
What are all the simple steps to become financially stable in the next 5 years?
How do I get career options with big data and Hadoop training in Bangalore?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
How does the burglar alarm work?
What technology was considered "cutting edge" a thousand years ago?
Is it possible to summarize the economic impact on agriculture in the next 5-10 years due to climate changes?
What are the key challenges for financial technology companies active in compliance/regulation/kyc verticals?
I am new to product management, what will be the new trends in 2017?
To what extent is NASA going to involve itself in the coming 20 years? Can someone predict the exact destination?
What news is currently trending?
What are the predictions for AI technology investments and the AI technology market in 2017?
Where do you see Sudan 20 years from now?
Why are we using old technologies and becoming modern?
What are some new trends in startups?
Which decade produced the greatest achievements in medical and technical advancements?
What have been the biggest trends in Indonesia, or at least specific in your city, in 2016?
What is this new trend of kids, men, and legends memes?
In the next 10 years, what new industry will be worthy of our investment?
What are the blogs or forums to read to keep ourselves updated with the current technology trends in the IT industry?
What could be the cost of gold in the next 10 years?
What are the latest technological improvements in slats and flaps?
If the government is hiding advanced technology will it be made public?
What would be most hurtening to think after 10 years from now?
When will there be enough technological advancement to have electric airplanes?
What will be the upcoming trends in Colposcopes market?
How do you foresee the future in 50 years' time?
What are the most practical home improvements for minimizing home energy consumption?
How does Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology work?
What are the challenges you see coming up for Canada in the next decade?
What are the most archaic industries today in terms of technology use?
Will computer science be in demand for the next 5 to 10 years?
How is Evon technology?
Will Snap be the next Facebook or Twitter?
What are some of the best innovations that are most likely to shape future of mankind?
What is technology like today?
What are some apps or websites that can help me stay digital-literate (up to date with tech/digital/IT)?
Which technology was discovered recently?
What are some examples of three technological revolutions?
What is the future scope of Uniface technology?
What enterprise applications for 3D printing are going to gain popularity in the next 5 years?
Does technological advancement have a metric unit?
Is IBM Bluemix the next big thing?
Why is Snapchat so popular and did it bring new technology innovations?
How do AR/VR devices transform everyday life?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile payment market be in 2022?
What will the leading technology be in the future?
What is VBage Tech?
How high or low can GPRO stock go in the upcoming years?
What is the next big idea or product that will change the world?
What are the latest technologies used in agriculture in India?
What will be the upcoming trends in Listeria Monocytogenes Infections treatment market?
What are the leading technologies?
What will bioengineers be doing in the next 50 years?
What are the types of network technologies?
Do theorists work on future Technologies?
What are the things after that you feel sorry or big mistake done by you?
What should I choose as my elective subject as per current technology trends, mobile computing or parallel and distributed computing?
What will be the future of (robotic) prosthetics, in the next few decades?
What are the next probable or possible mergers or acquisitions that can happen in next 5 years?
Will there be a significant increase in the number of women in STEM fields in the next 5 years?
What are some upcoming technologies in DevOps?
What will things be like in Year 10?
How far can technology really go?
What are background screening industry trends?
Will PHP be alive for the next 10 years?
What are the differences between analog TV and digital TV?
What is it called when one day you used to enjoy doing things and the next day even big things bore you?
Is structural biology the next "big thing" in biology?
What are the latest technologies to learn in 2017?
What technology will be used in Flipkart?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enteral Feeding Devices market?
How do I benefit from the mobile bookings happening through the m-Commerce apps?
What are the top protocols in demand in 2017 that use Elisa technology?
What future tech would you like to see?
What is the 2017 Microsoft exam track for a BI developer with the latest technology?
Will it possible to live on the Moon as we are currently living on Earth in the future considering future advancements in technology?
Why is the travel market in India considered as the next big industry by investors and startups?
I have 10 product ideas. How to decide which start-up I need to start?
How will hostility towards immigrants change in the US in the next 20 years?
Is recreational tourism the next big thing in entertainment and leisure business?
What is the next big technology or therapeutic area for generic pharmaceutical industry?
What are the next steps for developers?
What is the growth of the drug delivery technologies market in the upcoming years?
What are new technologies in PCB?
Why has technology not completely replaced the whiteboard yet?
What are recent trends in IT in 2016-2017?
Does anybody believe that brain signal reading technology is already being applied to the masses?
What were the biggest US tech exits in the last decade?
Can I expect Tessa to be common worldwide in another 10 years?
Will freedom of movement within the EU be preserved throughout the next decade?
What are the latest digital tools and technologies used in risk management?
Do you think a self delivery food cart is the next big thing?
Can LTE-based tech smartphones from India be sufficient to support 5G or 6G in the future?
What are some top trending tools for IT professionals?
What technology tools do you see as being important in the future of health plans engaging with members or being more efficient?
How would you interpret the society of today, with politics and innovations of technology being incited around?
Who contributes more to technological advancements? Research universities or for-profit companies?
What are the emerging industries now?
With the rapid advances in automotive technology, at which point does the industry take a turn for the worse?
Where do you see the United Kingdom in the next five to ten years (politically, socially, technologically)?
What is antisense technology?
I'm doing some research on technology through the years, is technology a positive or negative influence over the past 60 year?
How advanced is technology now and what will change in the next 5 years?
What are the most important things to consider for email marketing for a travel agency?
What are the biggest trends in psychological research in 2017?
What's the globle upcoming new technology at present?
Are there currently hidden technologies, technologies that are kept secret? And for what reason?
How much is the growth of travel and tourism being influenced by travel technology in 2017?
How did the MIRV technology come into existence? Whose brainchild is this sophisticated technology?
What are your predictions for computer technology and mankind?
Will personal data machines like smartphones and tablets be replaced by AI in the next decade?
What is the most needed advance in sensor technology?
What are the recent robotic trends?
Twentieth century wars spun off civilian technology. What tech came out of 21st century wars?
What are some entirely new markets we could see appearing in the next 10 years?
What are small stocks that have huge potential over the next 5 years?
What are some promising start-ups in 2017?
What is it about the new trends of 2017?
How do I get information regarding the new technology that is being used by the IT field?
What is the future of video game industries in the next 5 years?
Which is the present technology used to develop new project?
How does technology fit into Canada's future?
What are the next wave of tech for SMEs / SMBs?
Which are the best 5 Indian shares to buy for the next 10 years?
Are there any pitfalls to a fingerprint scanner payment method (with PIN), as opposed to the classic magnet/chip credit card reader?
Does language interpreters have a bright future, let's say in the next 15-20 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Liquid Biopsy market?
What will come after the technological age?
What are the next big releases in 2017?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What direction do you think music is going to go stylistically in the next decade?
Is there any difference between MIT Coursera and Real Learning?
What are the travel technology trends in 2017?
How do trends grow and die?
What is the future of mobile technology and IoT? Which will become more broadly accepted?
How can a programmer see the trends in web technology that are being used the most?
The software boom made MS a giant, internet boom worked the same way for Amazon. What comes next? Space travel? AI? Virtual reality? Alternate energy?
Why, although we use the fastest new technology to do things, do we become more busy and nervous than before?
What people need new technology?
Would we ever reach a level of technological advancement to prevent death?
How would a future business/enterprise be different? How will emerging technologies like AI impact the way a company will be run in the future?
What major changes will happen in humans in the next 1,000 years?
When does a product technology become old and a new one takes over?
How is tourism going to increase in Europe within the next 5 years?
Which technology company do you think is working on changing the world now?
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical nutrition industry?
What are some latest technical advancements in electronics?
What equipment would I need if I wanted to manufacture hardware products in my garage?
What is next after automation?
What are some of the new technologies in the software field?
What is the significance of Google Trips in the travel business industry?
What will the technology value chain look like in 2020?
Can you name few companies like Nokia or kodak which can potentially disappear in future due to structural change or technological obsolescence?
Which latest technology is the best in information technology?
Do the advanced technologies like life resurrection shown in movies have chances of being there in the future?
How long will it be before China's cultural and political civilisation matches its recent advances in economic and technological progress?
Is there any course on medical wearable technology?
Looking at how technology has advanced in the last ten years, where do you think it will be in the next ten years?
What advancements will we see in NLP in the next 5 to 10 years?
Deep learning is touted as the next big thing in technology. What are your views on it?
What will the upcoming trends be in the autoinjectors market?
What will be the upcoming trends in the bunker fuel market?
If one could clone an entire planet using an advanced future technology, should a society seek to develop such a technology?
What are the most essential and necessary technologies used in the crime lab?
Will there ever be a time when technology stops advancing?
What are the future trends in global education market?
What will the upcoming trends be in pipeline monitoring solutions?
What is the future of communication technology?
What is the influence of Big Data on the travel and tourism industry?
Why did Apple acquire RealFace, the AI facial recognition company?
How has shipping technology changed throughout the years?
What are some spatial technologies that are used in Australia?
What are the features of corporate Travel software management solutions?
Did humans create any new sense using new technology?
Which technology is trending now in IT industry and will come in trending after 2 years?
How can Electrical Engineering contribute to the development of modern Indian defense technology?
How high or low can GPRO stock go in the upcoming years?
Why India can't adopt latest technology as developed countries?
What are the LATEST software TECHNOLOGIES?
What is Sasol’s technology?
What are some examples of technologies that were once hidden from the public?
What are the best and new technologies in the field of electronics?
What are the technological challenges to replace gorgeous-looking high-paid Hollywood stars in movies?
What will be the upcoming trends in Peptide Therapeutics market?
What are going to be the biggest emerging trends in consumer drone technology in 2017?
How will technology look like in 2050?
Whenever I wake up in early morning I sneeze up to 5-15 times, how could I stop it and being healthy?
What will be the upcoming trends in Variable Frequency Drive?
What are recent technological advances in x-ray imaging?
Why is Mexico more technologically developed than other Latin countries?
Can we go to the future?
What are some new technologies that are user-friendly for people above the age of 65 or so?
What current medical technological advances have been made in Cranioplasty?
As AI tools for programming develop, how will the role of the programmer change, and what skills will become more important?
Why didn't the Internet stop urbanization?
Would you rather go to Japan or Korea with a child?
What is the next big invention that a man will come up with in the near future?
How much growth in msbi in next 5 years?
Is the humanity from the world declining due to the technological advancements?
What are the best sources/websites for articles for IT professionals to read so that they are aware of current research/advancements?
Who has been in the forefront of the high-tech revolution and how/why?
Are there people in technology or bloggers who would interested to try new technology and share the feedback with a community?
How do I keep up to date with each and every new technology around us?
What is the most trending Gadget right now?
What will be the upcoming trends in Polylactic Acid market?
What are the most promising careers for a math major through the next 5 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the nosocomial infection treatment market?
What will the (tech) world look like 5 years from now?
What are some of the recent trends in information technology that can be asked in a technology quiz?
How car rental apps are developed and how is it helpful for your OTA?
Could holographic displays replace present display technologies entirely in the near future?
Is innovation trendy?
What innovations do you see coming to the Fintech industry in the near future?
Will there be a significant increase in the number of women in STEM fields in the next 5 years?
What do you think is going to be the next big thing like the recent Jio disruption?
After dot-com and mobile apps boom, what is going to be the next big thing?
How is Dropbox going to change/shape our lives in the next decade?
What are the current technology trends that are already in the market this 2016?
What are the big trends in development of APIs?
Is the OpenWater device similar to the wearable fNIR system created by Drexel University?
What are the new technologies that are in their inception and might have a big reach?
Will ResearchGate be relevant in 5 years?
Why aren't people working on the clothing or the wearable part of "wearable technology"? The focus on technology is fine but clothing needs a boost.
What are the emerging technologies and program initiated by top institution of India?
What will things be like in Year 10?
What are some trends that will influence the 2018 Superbowl's ads?
What is the main goal of Samsung's $1 billion investment in AI technology?
What's the next big company to work for?
How have the advanced search features of OTAs helped in easy travel bookings?
What is the impact of wearable technology over the healthcare sector?
What will be the upcoming trends in the distribution automation industry?
Will KBNNO be the next generation of batteries?
How do I find trends about funds?
What are the various features of Online Travel Agency (OTA)?
What is the next big thing in cryptography?
What are the recent trends to make a house in Kerala?
What might be the advantages and disadvantages of foldable smartphones?
What are KM trends in 2017?
What are the newest technologies available in computational mechanics?
What new technology will have the greatest effect on individual liberty in 2017?
How does Google's API Cloud Video Intelligence work?
Will college diplomas become obsolete in the future?
What is the way to get upcoming technology into your company?
What technological advancements can drive the poverty throughout every corner of the world?
Realistically speaking, what will our architecture and technology look like in the year 2100?
What are going to be the biggest emerging trends in smart devices in 2017? Why are they on the way up?
What's the most impressive technology available to the public?
What are some details about technological advancements related to the marine field?
Will capitalism come to an end within the next 20 years?
What do you think with be the next best technology?
What amazing technologies will we see by 2050?
What are a few industries that will flourish in the next 10–20 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Commercial Refrigeration Equipment market?
How can libraries make better use of technology?
How will car rental software and apps help in providing better service to your riders?
How can AIDS advance in the future?
Will Venezuela become a "normal" democracy in the next 10 years?
Why are aeroplane windows still so small? Has technology not progressed enough in the past decades?
Are creativity and innovation in the field of arts (music, painting, literature, movie, etc.) limited?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
How do I benefit from the mobile bookings happening through the m-Commerce apps?
How could Chatbots impact the travel industry?
What is the future for foldable smartphones?
Will a company ever achieve a market valuation of 2 trillion (US) dollars in the next 10–15 years?
How much more technologically advanced will mankind become in the next 100 years?
What are the best practices to predict the trend?
How car rental software will support the growth of your travel agency?
What is the future of Nigerian economy in the next 5 to 6 years?
What emerging technologies might Quora integrate into its systems/infrastructure in the nearest future?
What do you think are the 5 next big things?
What are the latest trends in salwar suits?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ophthalmology Devices market?
What are the latest trends in hardware?
How do I lose pity for someone at least temporary?
What do you think the future of mobile technology?
What are your top five predictions for the next 20 years?
Which tech companies do you think will grow most over the next 5-10yrs?
What will be the upcoming trends in Infusion pumps market?
Which Technology can an automation tester of 10+ move to IoT, Bigdata, Salesforce, DevOps and why?
How do I grow my detailing company in the next 5 years?
What is the Future of Bajaj Hindustan share in next 1 year?
How do I know the trends of everyday?
How likely is it that we get people to Mars within the next decade?
Why is it important that you hire a good travel technology company for developing your travel software solutions?
What are recent trends in IT in 2016-2017?
Will Cisco survive the next 10 years?
What will be the next technological boom after Bitcoin which one could capitalize on?
Do you agree, that the new communication technologies are giving us the power to sacrifice conversation for mere connection?
What is the future of technology in transportation?
What are currently the most technologically advanced tanks in the world and what nations have them?
What are the sources which can keep me updated about latest Information Technology skills/news?
What is the future of digital wallets? If they're not going too far, what's the next big thing?
What motivated you or how would you inspire future generations in startup technology?
What is the most important technology ever crafted?
How will society regress in the next 50 years?
We all know digital is the next big leap. How can we foresee highly-skilled demands/domain-specific needs changes in the banking industry?
Is there such a thing as feminine technology and feminist technology? What are some examples?
What is the importance of Big Data in travel technology market?
Why don't we melt snow instead of plowing it and creating snow hills on intersections that block visibility?
What do you mean Travel Technology software?
What infrastructural changes does a transition from 4G to 5G network demand?
How far will technology advance in the next 200 years?
How does 5G technology work?
Will freedom of movement within the EU be preserved throughout the next decade?
What jobs will be highly paid in next 10 years?
What's your predictions for SPWR in the next decade?
What are the current trends in Literature now a days?
As automation is coming fast, what will be the most useful skills in the next 10 years?
What laptop will be the first to run Andromeda OS?
What were the innovations of magnetism 5 years ago?
What industries have had stagnant growth even with the implementation of new technologies?
If the IRR is 20% over 10 years, would it be worse or better over five years? How does cost sharing affect the result?
What are some difficult tricky brain teasers that will get me thinking?
How can I develop my niece’s interest in technology?
Is evolution a technology? Is randomness the byproduct or source of technology? What role does novelty have in creating tech? What creates technology?
What are the benefits of hiring a Travelport developer for your travel business?
Do you know about Skillvent Technologies?
Do you think start-ups specialising in robotics will prosper over the next decade?
What are examples of technology that were very costly at the start; but, over time, reduced to a nominal amount?
What is the current state of maskless lithography technology?
How do you follow emerging technologies and decide which one to stick to?
What are the latest technologies introduced in automobiles?
Will continued backlash toward technological progress lead to anti-technology social movements?
Disney is able to charge the battery of your smartphone wirelessly. What are the major upside and downside of this technology?
What are examples of good products that were poorly marketed?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pain Management Devices market?
What will the upcoming trends in the industrial fasteners market be?
What are the life-changing gadges to have?
If you had all the money in the world, what is the next big thing you would likely invest in?
Can I become one of the greatest DJs in terms of music production if I dedicate my next 5 years to it?
What is going to be the next 'big thing' in tech that'd create a new revolution?
Why do we need to keep developing useless technology?
Can I quit my job after being approved for a house loan?
Is it a moral imperative for a technologically advanced species to design life?
I just had a minor accident what should I do? CA.USA.
What do you think the longest lifespan is that a person can have?
What will be the next big change in the Energy industry?
What are some new technologies that IT companies are using?
What are some of the best technical hacks?
I am new to product management, what will be the new trends in 2017?
What is the advanced technology in IT fields?
What do the latest developments in technology mean for life in the least developed countries?
How has wearable tech changed your life for the better?
What are some examples of cutting edge technology?
What is the next big technology which I can learn and then survive in information technology field?
Does search query on a web search count as prior art?
How much is the growth of travel and tourism being influenced by travel technology in 2017?
What is the best, most efficient process for me to utilize technology and apps to read online web articles at a later time (via an app, Kindle, etc.)?
How far will cognitive systems develop and is the potential huge for them in the future?
Can you name 5 events that are likely to bring significant changes within the next 20 years?
How blockchain technology streamlines the bank payments of your travel industry?
What is the next trend in car lighting?
What are the predictions for AI technology investments and the AI technology market in 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in Underground Mining Equipment market?
What is the next big thing, that we can expect from Quora in terms of feature, as there is lot happening with others in internet space?
What are the various trends and virals in 2017?
What are some cool future technologies and products I should keep tabs on (2017)?
Will foldable phones happen this year and will it be the next big thing?
What is the latest emerging technology in ECE field?
Why do crocs prefer to be in water and not land like small lizards?
Will California break out of the USA in the next 10 years?
Does the essbase technology has future?
Why are only smac technologies called as digital technologies?
What's the future of technology?
What are the trends of futures of CRM?
What are the latest technologies one has to know to work with Quora?
What is the most "advanced" technology that can be built by one person with only raw natural materials?
What is the Newest technology?
Will we be likely to see female military leaders anywhere within the next decade? If so, who is a likely contender?
Did Robert Heinlein believe that he and his wife might live for centuries, due to advances in technology? Which advances were those?
What technologies of the future are becoming available now?
Can we use the same engine for next year?
Where can I find 10 years of data for metal industry?
In the future, will technology prevent privacy from being a reality?
What are current technology developed by IBM?
Has technology become a crutch for dysfunction?
Will present smartphones support 5G network?
What is the likely next breakthrough in technology in next decade?
What have been the biggest trends in Indonesia, or at least specific in your city, in 2016?
What are some entirely new markets we could see appearing in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Protective Eyewear market?
Which are the best online newsletter/ website contains update in technology concept trend (e.g future implementation of technology or invention)?
What should I read for the latest trends in technological development in the automobile and mechanical sectors?
Could technology advance without language?
Who are the most influential women in tech?
Why do Chinese adopt technology trends faster than Western people?
How could I get a better grasp of what happens regarding technology development and how it influences my collection (if I am a digital preserver)?
What is the smallest possible diameter hole that can be drilled using the latest technology, and by which process?
What are the latest trends in job hunting these days?
What groundbreaking technology are you excited to see evolve?
What types of Internet companies will benefit the most when billions of new interest users come online in the next few years?
Which new technology should I learn in order to get a good raise in IT?
What will be the main evolutions in transportation in the next decade?
Can we have a chance to meet alien in the next 50 years?
What are the blogs or forums to read to keep ourselves updated with the current technology trends in the IT industry?
Will malls still exist in the US in 2025?
What's the next big thing that is NOT Data or Computer Science related?
Are there any legal concentrated drugs in the USA for sleep?
Where do you see market of engineering in next 6-7 years?
What are converging technologies? And what is the future of them?
How do I start a marketing career in the fitness tech industry?
What are Costco’s industry trends?
What will be the upcoming trends in the in-vitro diagnostics market?
Why has automation become such a big thing recently?
What are the Technology Trends that SMBs should look for in 2017-18?
What will be the upcoming trends in Kerosene (Jet A-1)?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What is the best to follow the latest technology development?
What are crazy new technologies that we are expecting to experience in the near decade?
What are the best mobile solutions for Online Travel agencies?
What will future technology mean for humans?
How do I create a new technology?
Is IoT basically a result of human laziness?
Will current day technology be lost over time without becoming obsolete?
Is there any new discovery in technology recently?
If Moore's law is coming to an end, does that mean that iPhones won't be much more powerful or faster in 10 years?
How will technology change in the next 10 years?
What are the three major mistakes made by travel and tourism industries?
If the government is hiding advanced technology will it be made public?
What will be the upcoming trends in Liquid Biopsy market?
After iyenger who is next?
What are the latest technology that can be associated with the development of data structure?
What do you predict for industry development in Vancouver island for the next 5 years?
Will South Korea launch the first 5G network at the 2018 Winter Olympics?
What are Bill Gates’ expectations for the biggest issue technology can solve in the next 10 years?
What are some technologies that we need but can't produce?
What will be the upcoming trends in the sports protective equipment market?
Is it true that military technology is 30 years ahead of civilian technology?
What are the current trends in technology this 2015 and 2016?
What are the broad implications of wearable technology for the future?
What are some expectations you have for future technology changes?
What year will we be in when our technology looks like the technology in Star Wars?
What's the next major step in the evolution of Quora as a platform?
How valid / useful can economic and political forecasts be 5 to 10 years ahead?
What is the technology used by sourcewifi.com?
What are some of the greatest advances in Electrical technology?
What are the trending technologies of 2017?
Should we stop the technology?
What are the gaps (limitations) in the current trend design and development of vehicle transmission? I.e material, Methodology, Technology, etc)?
What are the current Business Trends?
Why is battery technology so far behind?
How much more increasingly compact will flash storage become in the next 10 years?
Is America’s youth heading to worse future thanks to technology?
What is the Latest Technology in software testing?
Is purchasing a iboll compbook exemplaire a good decision?
What will be the next game changing product in coming years?
What are the revenues and current trends of companies?
With current technology, can old kinescopes be sharpened and improved?
Any predictions on this years shorts?
What will be the upcoming trends in Drug Delivery Technologies market?
What will be the upcoming trends of Flexible Electronics market?
Did theory become obsolete?
What will be the upcoming trends?
What are some industries, if any, which will not be transformed by artificial Intelligence in the next 10 years?
Is the RPA Developer upcoming technology or not?
How is technology impacting the makeup industry?
Which is the most technologically advanced country?
What are emerging industries in the next 20 years?
What is the recent trend in electrical?
Is it possible for future technology to create wizards?
When will nano-technology benefit consumers?
Why do you perceive technology as such a big threat for humanity?
Will Snap be the next Facebook or Twitter?
What is the biggest trend?
What are some recent trends in IT in India?
What new technologies does 5G network include?
Which tech giants are investing the most in AI and what are their long-term plans?
What's the longevity of Quora? How long can the platform last (with respect to practicality/monetary level)?
Investors: is Nokia worth your investment in 2017?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
Can Indians hope to have hyperloop in 10 years from now (23-Feb -2017)?
What would you suggest to make the new website in the leading edge of current trends?
How can I design a movie watching EQ app?
What is a good source for Healthcare industry technology trends?
Ten years from now, what do you think people will be shaking their heads about in regards to software, technology, or society in general?
What are the latest developments in Indian railwats?
What will the upcoming trends in the powder coatings industry be?
Which domain has scope of getting more IT projects in next 5 to 10 years?
What is “industry trends”?
What are the key trends and technologies that marketers are looking to implement in the business in 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in Adipic Acid market?
What will the upcoming trends in the mining equipment market be?
What are some examples of the latest technological innovations of the cell phone?
Is the software industry going to end in next 20 years?
What are some latest technical advancements in electronics?
Will CA profession be outdated soon (10 years) as we see drastic changes through technology?
Is it possible to build a human transportation machine in future?
What are the prospects for a significant increase in PC computation power over the next decade?
Why we need technology?
What advancements in chemistry and biology do you see unfolding within the next few decades?
What are some recent advancement in information technology?
How do people, policies, and technological advances, shape a nation?
How many generations/ years does it take to render a phone obsolete?
What are the latest trends in software engineering? Request
What is technological revolution?
Will Go replace Java or C# for enterprise development in the next 10 years?
What are the future trends in analytics?
When will AR technology surpass smartphones?
What are the top 5 emerging technologies that could change the internet over the next decade?
Who has the most technology in the world?
How good is Banasthali university for btech in information technology and how are the placements?
Why is it important to maintain the online presence of your travel website?
What has been the general trend in the furniture industry towards the adoption of new technology and going online/e-commerce?
What are things to do next after finishing a development program in a banking industry?
What decade brought increased technology?
What would be latest and most useful technological invention of 2k16 according to you?
In which countries will we see the most economic progress and highest average income rise in the next 10 years?
What are the trending fields in technology in 2017?
What currently available technology do you think will persist the longest throughout future generations?
Does haptic technology help the blind better than voice technology?
What are the best examples from true innovation coming from outside an industry? Eg Apple and the iPhone / Tesla and cars
What would be the most technologically advanced sword made be like?
How wearable technology will affect culture as a whole?
What are the main challenges of wearable device`s usability testing?
What are the recent trends in science and technology?
How does microwave cause heating in oven?
How will our lives change in the next 5-10 years?
When was technology developed?
Why does Apple use technology years after others have?
What are the new trends in librarianship?
What might be the world after 10 years from now?
What will be the upcoming trends in Global Orthopedic Oncology treatment?
What are some new technological advancements happening in shoe industry?
What is the next big thing in ecommerce?
What sort of role can technology play on our health?
What are some good resources for learning about how cars work as well as keeping up to date with new trends and technology in the auto industry?
In what ways can the ‘mega-trends’ of technology, demography and globalisation be regarded as mutually reinforcing?
Will technology & science make prisons as we know them obsolete?
What technology is going to replace PDF?
Is there a way to keep track of what new technologies enter the market?
What are potential revenue sources for wearable devices? (Wearable cameras, gyroscopes, EEG, heart rate, blood oxygen monitors, GSR, and more)
How is GSPANN Technologies?
What are new technological trends in libraries?
Through technology advancement, are we making our lives easier or are we getting lazier?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ablation Devices market?
What is the significance of Virtual Assistant in the latest travel industry?
What is the impact of technology on newsflow?
What are the best websites to know about the latest technology?
What if Google decides to shut down? Will Indians be able to live without Google? Shouldn't we need something like Google like how China has one?
What will armoured fighting vehicle development in Asia look like for the next 20 years?
Do you know the latest trends in PHP?
Why seeing with tongue technology is not developing anymore?
What is our future trending technology in IT?
What will the upcoming trends be in the functional food ingredients market?
Which kind of commercial robots could we imagine to see emerging in the next 3 years?
What improvements do you expect to see with the internet in the next ten years? Twenty?
What are the economic and technological consideration in manufacturing?
Which design degree will be needed in the market in the next 10 years?
What is the latest technology and weapons used by the secret service?
What are high quality house frames such that include HVAC or other advanced technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Actinic Keratosis market?
How can you certify that your product/app is a breakthrough (the next big thing)?
What are the benefits of White label Travel booking System?
What branches and industries will be guaranteed to grow in the coming 30 years?
What is the best future technology (after 2017) according to you?
How has society accommodated to new technology?
What is the Cost of Big Data Hadoop Training in Bangalore?
Human being what do in the next level of better technology?
Is it hypocritical to work for the advancement of renewable energy usage and use modern technology to help advance that message?
How seriously should we take Foldable Phones?
What is the impact of technological change on employment opportunities?
‘What came this year will not come the next year.’ Is this principle applicable for all subjects in ICSE?
What is your vision of CRM in 5 or 10 years?
What is the next big thing in data?
How is the culture in Pune?
Can we measure objectively Technological Progress?
What is going to be most important future technology?
When is Amazon Go going to take off and be mainstream?
What about education won't change over the next 20 years?
What are some awesome tech we didn't know existed?
What are some ideas on the topic of technology advancement?
What will be the upcoming trends of Isostearic Acid market?
What are the Booming IT technologies that are prevailing in Canada?
Which technology trends are most destructive?
What are the most useful and innovative pieces of technology that should be created in the future?
What are recent technology trends on which I can do my project?
The EU wants to be big on big things and smaller on smaller things. Is cycling big enough to be dealt with at EU level?
Will line support roles be in higher demand in 5 - 10 years from now?
What are some advancements (in science and technology) that Indians did a lot before the world did?
What are the benefits of using car rental software for your business?
What are future trends of training for creativity?
What is your plan for your company in the next 5 years?
What is future trend in hospital?
What's next for Dropbox in the next 5-10 years?
Will human cryopreservation ever be an easily accessible technology?
How can I keep myself updayed with latest marketing startegy?
What are the most useful technologies?
How do I do an efficient patent search? What are the sites which give a patent directory of different countries?
What do you think would be the top tech gadgets in 2040 ?
Which is the most technologically advanced black country, without any significant white minority?
Will typewriters become fashionable again?
What are some examples of budgeting component for Transfer of Technology?
What emerging technologies are of most interest to banks and why?
What are new developments in Information Technology?
Monitor screens are evolving to have greater resolution but BPC seems to remain constant at 8. Why isn't there a demand for greater color variety?
What is something in your daily life that you wish you could do it practically on your smartphone?
Are no-checkout stores like Amazon Go going to become common-place by 2025? Why or why not?
Why didn’t the Chennai Ennore Harbor officials use the latest technology to evacuate the crude oil spill from sea water?
What are the hot (latest) technologies that have huge requirement in the coming 5 years?
Do you think esports is the next big thing?
What is core I technology?
What are the current limitations and challenges in scramjet engine technology?
Why hasn't space travel technology followed the same curve as other technologies?
Why do terrorism, crime and poverty continue to be on the rise despite technological advances?
Are you achimant by technology?
What are the biggest, coolest, or most significant applications of relational search?
What are the big trends in ed tech in 2017?
Will Google glass be next big thing?
What are the latest technology an IT should know?
What are the opportunities for ASEAN IT companies in Europe?
Due to technological advancements, what are some of the issues businesses may face in the year 2030?
What are the latest trends in training technology?
What is going to be the most valuable knowledge to have in the next decade?
Will technology ever make Microsoft Excel obsolete?
What type of new technology is being used now on automobiles?
What is the latest media research technology?
What music potrays the current trend?
Will content be king for the foreseeable future?
What's a good Tech school in the US? See details
What is the upcoming technology in networking?
After Android, what comes next in the evolution of mobile technology?
What can be the next big innovation in cricket according to you?
How will technology change our lives in 20 years?
What is the "client/server" technology wave Nir Eyal mentions in his book "Hooked"?
What tech is trending in 2017?
Are there any new, emerging trends in the consumption of pizza in India?
Will supersoldiers be created in near future?
Do you forsee the restaurant industry changing due to technology? If so, how?
What's next after CS50x?
How do I manage my travel activities with the help of car rental software solutions?
What criteria do you use to decide which tools use to develop any new project?
What are the future technologies in the IT industry that will be in huge demand?
What is the significance of hiring an API developer for your travel business?
Why does technology advance so rapidly?
What has been the biggest innovation within the past 5 years that most people know nothing about?
What will be the upcoming trends in In-flight Connectivity market?
What is advance technology in SCADA?
What are the new advertising technologies/platforms emerging in the market?
What will be the upcoming trends in Inulin market 2023?
What are the latest developments in the field of IT?
What jobs will people in the future do?
If China was stealing and reverse engineering technology from the US, could they then keep pace with future technological advances of the US?
How do I start a car rental business without owning any car of my own?
What are web-based software available to search and categorize patents?
How can ONE reach a visionary entrepreneur for a next big thing product mentoring?
Technology should be a boon or a bane?
What are the different features of travel solutions provided for business travel companies?
What is the Second Law of Technology?
What are the current trending technology/frameworks in Web Technology Domain that I need to learn?
What new battery technologies for use in the near future are being researched?
Why is Google Brain working on unblurring pixelated photos?
Why hasn't Apple, Google, etc developed cool glasses with a heads up display that I can control with hand gestures and voice/whisper?
Is it recent advancements in welding glass?
Could someone hire a futurologist to create very advanced, futuristic ideas in technology?
Why should I use Apache Flink when Spark and Hadoop are already there?
Which is the best refrigerator for home (2017) with latest technology and trends?
What are some likely technological limitations? What are some examples where the laws of physics may prevent us from progressing in a field of tech?
Why is technological progress slowing down?
What is your prediction for hottest sector in technology this year?
What will be the new technology in 2025?
What does Quora do to combat negative effects of authority bias?
What are the coolest up and coming things in diabetes care and technology?
What are the characteristics of big data?
What are some problems we're facing today with computers and society?
Was Steve Jobs over hyped?
What is next big thing in electronics?
What are the latest/new technologies upon which I can deliver a presentation for my class?
What will be the upcoming trends in Weight Management?
What are some of the teenage clothing trends right now?
If I have an invention idea and have built it what are the next steps to take to make it appear in stores and make millions off it?
Can AirBnB overcome its regulatory hurdles?
What is the path forward for Fitbit as of early 2017?
How will education change in the next 10 years?
What are the most controversial technological developments of the 21th century so far?
What are the new trends on the block?
What products and businesses are going to revolutionize the future?
What are the emerging technologies in the market?
What's the next best thing for someone who will not go to college?
What is the most advanced space technology?
What is the current trend in polymers?
Where do you see Nagpur in next 5 years?
What technologies present in trending?
How can I update from most of the recent updates in the technology in computer science?
What technologies will emerge 10 years from now?
What is trending right now in the world?
Should companies that develop technologies leading to job loss be obligated to invest in alternative employment programs?
What kind of legal and IP issues do you see facing AI companies in the next 5 years?
What are the prospects of the venture capital industry in terms of automation, or you being replaced by robots?
How has Scientology changed as science and technology have advanced?
What technology in the near future, can change the world?
How will the availability of MOOC effect human civilization in the next 10 years?
What is the latest trend in Digital printing?
What will future studies reflect as being of greater impact on the youth of today, not spanking children or the technology factor?
What are some great books about how to market new technologies?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg wear a wristwatch?
How can I stay updated on science?
What is new in IT?
Can someone make a credible "prediction" for the next 10 years that will surely affect our lives no matter where you live?
How can the cost of airline travel be substantially reduced? Do you think it will be in the next ~10 years?
Which is the best technology in the current IT market?
What emerging areas in clean tech have the biggest potential for growth in the years leading to 2020?
What are the trending technologies to learn in 2017?
What are some great ways to find useful application for new technologies?
What is Flatspace Technology?
What are new trends in biotechnology for 2017?
How do you want Quora to change with respect to privacy during the next 5 years?
What are the latest startup trends in B2B tech starups?
What are some awesome things that will happen in the next 5 years?
Why can't we replace umpires/referees with technology, given the advances in technology?
What is the available home automation technology in the Indian subcontinent?
How good was the Touch ID of iPhone 6s compared to other brands’ fingerprint sensors?
What is an anti-technological society?
Is it possible to communicate with smart glass?
How do you think the culinary industry will evolve in the next 10 years?
What is the future of international students in USA for next 5 years?
How does technology impact the future of news and media?
With the advances in technology, would going back to the moon be easy?
Which field in science and technology will be more promising, in next five years?
What professions are most suitable for an extremely positive individual?
How do I completely and utterly kill and remove all my emotions forever, never to exist again, without losing my mind or intelligence?
What are the latest technology used in civil engineering sites?
What is the goal of Unacademy, and what is the revenue model they will have in the next 5 years?
Would you like what you are today 5 years from now?
What areas of the US consumer tech industry have the best growth potential in 2017? Why are they ripe for growth?
Is it possible to convert physical things like data in a hardware, electrons in a battery to immaterial or mental things?
Why do people run after the latest technology?
What are the latest SEO Trends for 2017?
Would the Internet help society on all senses from now on, considering technological advances?
Why is Spain not as technologically advanced in space as some other countries?
What is the future of IBM Sterling OMS Developers in next 5 Years?
Is Rails going to be relevant in 5 years?
What are the three technology developments that can explain the rise of machines against humans?
What are the upcoming trends in the IT world that might rule the world in the coming years?
What will be the future of technology after 10 years?
What are your predictions for bitcoin over the next year?
Could the idea of automats have a revival due to increased technology these days?
Why aren’t the latest farming technologies used in India?
What will be the trends in medical imaging equipment market in upcoming years?
As a video editor, how can I make a decent living? What segments will evolve in the next 5-10 years?
What is the future of plasma technology?
What are the important features of online travel portal development?
Why are laptops still expensive in 2017, when equivalent hardware is so much cheaper?
How many people will have a college degree within the next decade?
Is the airline industry expected to be regulated more or less in the next decade?
Where can I get information about new technologies, tools, automation, scripting, etc.?
Historically, what are some of the common barriers to the adoption of new technologies and innovative solutions?
Is Garbine Muguruza the next big?
What are the new technologies in IT industry?
Which computer language will grow and will be on top in next 5-10 years?
What are some of the major design trends we will see emerge in 2017?
What is in trend to start a business or startup in 2017?
Are there any available bands, smart watches, or other accessories capable of recording audio in India?
What will U.S. special operations look like in 10-20 years as a whole?
What are the top 10 technology breakthrough from the last 5 years?
What are the latest advancements in auxiliary transformers?
Any techie's on the board.. suggest me up coming trends in the software industry or a course?
What are the latest trends in Automotive electronics?
How will the American workforce change in the next 10 years, and what can we do to prepare?
What are the future trends and industries that will shape the economic landscape in the coming years?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
How have technology standardization affected the price of technology and benefited consumers?
What is the next big thing in Hadoop, so that I can start learning it now and become considerably knowledgeable in the field, before competition arrives?
What are the latest sunglasses which are trending this year?
Which wearable device are highly awaited in 2017?
Is the slowing down or rolling back of technological progress considered anti-technology?
Is technology dividing us apart?
How do I stay updated?
Do you have a weird relationship with technology and why or why not?
What are drone wars going to be like?
Why would adversarial network be “the coolest idea in machine learning in the last 20 years”?
Which 3 countries are most advanced in science and technology right now?
Which are the top 10 upcoming technology innovations of 2017?
Which technological advancement or opportunity to witness technology surpassing imagination had the most impact in your life?
Even if the "technological singularity " does not happen by 2050, do you think that we would have pretty advanced technology by then?
What environmental changes have occurred due to technological changes and what are the impacts of technological changes on human life?
What technology might replace video?
Will technology destroy jobs in the near future?
What is the technology in pontoon?
I'm doing a prior art search and found a patent publication. How do I know if it has converted to a patent?
What is the next big invention?
What, according to you, could be the next Google?
Why are wearable gadgets generally more expensive while less functional than non-wearable ones?
What are the RPA industry trends?
What products/services, in your opinion, will change the world within the next decade?
What is your favorite obsolete technology?
How do I find the best travel software company in India?
Is it worth buying a gaming laptop for college?
What is the norm of society in 2017?
What are the latest technologies to stop the spambots?
How do you track topics of professional interest, online?
What are some latest trends on social networks?
Are there any reliable tech wearables that measure mental health/Mood?
What will be the state of AI technology in 30 years?
How do you envision the future mobile phone? (i.e. Wearable, brain-controlled)?
How did computer storage space expand so fast over the last 15 years?
What are the new trends in Nano Technology for 2017?
What is the best way to cope up with managing so many technologies and stay updated?
Can we expect to see Google in the sub-15K smartphone business in the near future?
What is the next "big thing" to invest in, in the tech world?
How will business change within the next decade?
Is VR the next big thing in new technology?
Which is the best technology of all time?
How long will I take for Microsoft Hololens (or a similar competitor) to reach maturity, flood the markets and completely change the world?
Why does ponchos become the versatile trends today?
How did partition revolutionize crypography?
Where is the future of the web going? In other words, what type of software will come into prominence in the next few years?
Which will be the next big technology shift in finance and banking?
What are going to be the big growth areas and trends for wearables in 2017?
Will anything replace texting?
What are the most promising startups in the Bay Area as of early 2017?
Will we be smarter than modern humans using such advances in technology?
As a young person, what are the odds that I will walk on the Moon one day?
Which programming language will have more demand in the next 5 years?
How do you defeat superior technology?
What do you think about the latest patchworks trend?
Why there is so little technological progress between times of Old Republic and Star Wars?
What are the top SEO trends that will dominate 2017?
I know it's early, but what are we seeing as wearable trends for SS17?
Are there any innovative Technologies that enable Direct Part Marking?
Do you envision a world where, in the next 20-25 years, going to an educational institution and getting a physical degree will be even relevant?
Which technologies are used in the development of VigLink?
Will speech become obsolete?
Now that we have got every technology at its best, what would people need/be interested in, in the future?
How does someone become tech savvy?
What do you think about the book "Exponential Organizations" by Salim Ismail?
How can I remain relevant when technology is advancing so rapidly?
What is the anticipated increase in Spaceship speed over the next 50-100 years?
How do you conduct a FTO Patent Search?
What are some of the most important and influential technological advances produced in the Civil War?
Will technology always need design?
Is asking for donations on your website a feasible way to raise money for a new technology idea?
How soon if you are not doing data science, you are doing carpentry will be true?
I just found out about Arduino by chance and it got to me that I don't know any website for new programming platforms or technology trends, do you?
Is technology driven by society or is society driven by technology?
How can you search for prior art besides browsing existing patents, since you can't Google it, because your search request might be displayed on Google Instant and give away the invention?
What is the most advanced piece of technology you've seen in your life?
Will the current tech boom ended in the same way as the dot com bubble?
What are the present trending IT technologies we can learn and live with in the USA?
Which courses or certifications should I do to build a good career in virtual reality or augmented reality?
How do I keep myself updated, and increase my general knowledge, about the latest technology?
If everything goes well, what will you achieve in the next 20 years?
How do previous generations of chatbot differ from the latest?
Does Putin's authoritarian traditionalism oppose technological advances?
What is the latest technology to reach the sustainable city?
How do I stay updated with the world of technology?
What is the latest technology or innovation in V-TWIN engine?
What is TDI technology?
Which advertising methods will be utilised most over the next 10 years?
Where will Google’s new Chrysler Pacificas be driving?
What Google Shopping trends should we expect in 2017?
How do you see the high-tech landscape ten years from now?
What is the upcoming technology development in Database?
At first, it was a click, then a touch. And after that, what's next in digital interaction?
What are the most important questions a parent must ask themselves before buying any baby monitors to monitor their child in the baby crib?
What's going to be popular after wearable tech?
Can someone give a brief prediction of the European market for the next 5 years?
How has digital technology changed the buyer/buying process?
What currently is the single most advanced piece of human technology?
Why is voice functionality on phones becoming more popular in 2016-2017? How can investors make the most of this trend?
Have you (or someone you know) ever lost a job because of social media?
What will be the next big thing for getting into orbit?
What is the future of high technology industry in Indonesia?
Which are the latest mobile app trends in 2017?
What is the latest technology in 2017?
Will the demand for developers continue to increase over the next decade?
What are the options for a 7.5 years experienced tester (female) for switch job role for next level survival in IT industry?
What is something that hasn't been invented that you wish you could invent?
Are those 2 next years the most important years for the future of Tesla?
I am 28 years old. What are the significant and revolutionary technological advancement and implementations I would be able to see in my lifetime?
Is augmented reality as depicted with headsets a technology guaranteed to be made obsolete by future advance?
Is there any recent advancement in magnetic nanofluids?
How can I know about updated technologies and its changes?
How is Apple shaping mobile culture looking ahead into the next decade?
What is the latest and greatest trend in your country?
What are the least "flavor of the month" industries?
What's the next big thing in smart phone tech?
Why does every decade hate the next decade in popular music?
What will Syria look like 5 years from now?
Is post-phenomenology the next big thing in philosophy?
Are there going to be any more major developments in the form factor of TV sets in the next 5-10 years?
What is going to be the most sought-out software technology in India in the near future?
What is the future of home-services marketplace? What kind of technology would help accelerate that development?
How long does it take a prior-art and patent search?
What is the next big thing in diagnostics?
Is Flink compatible with Hadoop? If yes, how?
How will Facebook change in 10 years?
What trends are we likely to see in enterprise tech in 2017?
What are the recent trends in the field of DSP to do a project on?
There were huge advances in technology, capability, etc. in the 20th century. What advances took place between the years 0 and 1000?
Is the US going to collapse in the next 5 years?
What are some thoughts about the Nintendo SNES Mini?
Which new technologies have emerged over the last fifteen to twenty years have had the most impact on our lives?
What are the three major mistakes made by travel companies that harness their business growth?
What top trends should I be watching out for in 2017?
What every day device is begging for new technology?
What could be the major emerging pathogens in the next decades?
What are some emerging human enhancement technologies that will be available in the coming years? Will any be avilable in 2017?
How do mobile technologies support learning?
Is the next big trend in architecture going to be the return (or reinvention) of craftsmanship and ornamental aesthetics of pre-modernism?
What do you think is the next big thing in 2017?
Is being good at coding a big thing?
Which are the most promising future technologies?
Is the era of desktop computing over? If so, what marked its end? If not, will it end?
What are the latest innovations in mechanical engineering?
How can I get new technology news?
What is so “bad” about the Fantasyland Institute of Learning - Code Of Professionalism (FCOP)?
What researchers are leading in Human Enhancement Technologies?
What are the new trends in IT field?
What else can be done to help people socialize?
What is the latest technology used in .NET worldwide?
Is the next big thing really self-driving cars? Will people really accept this?
What are five predictions for the IoT in 2017?
How do websites like softwaregeeks and kinguin sell genuine windows OEM licenses for one fifth of the normal retail price?
What are some technological advances?
Which technology is currently in demand in IT?
How long will it take to produce 1000 units of Smart Watches using the lastest technology? And what is the production cost of it?
What will be the next big revolution after internet?
What are the most recent technological developments which have appeared in cars?
Can you think of any ideas which are science fiction today but which will be common technologies in the next 50 years?
What are the emerging technologies in construction industry in India?
Do you see EduTech companies replacing classrooms in the future?
What are the things that make sprinters big?
What are the technological advancements to favour Thanksgiving during 2016?
What is the next big medium for content creators? And does it exist now, or will it involve a new technology?
What kind of phones should mentally ill people get?
Is the tech world sexist?
What will most likely be the new technology adapted by Apple or Samsung for their phones?
Is autonomy going to change the future and why or why not?
How do you learn current technologies by yourself?
What are some things that Google is doing right and some things they should focus more on?
Will Amazon Alexa stay dominant or does a startup have a chance?
What is the latest trend (the most advanced technology) in Coronary Stent design?
What is the future of iPhone? Can it stay relevant even after 10 years from now?
What are the technologies that will dominate 2017?
If I made a blog about programming and design, would you like to be a contributor?
What technology are used to pay high salary?
How will the quality and quantity of news consumed on Facebook change over the next couple of years?
What are the best technology incubators in India?
Do you have some new companies in your area/country which you think may become next BIG thing? What makes them so special?
We are developing an online marketplace. How do we automate real-time, accurate pricing and availability of the products on our website?
What is the next big thing in autonomous cars?
What was the best technology advancement in 2016?
Why hasn't the audio technology in televisions advanced in tandem with the visual?
Is it true that most of the Indian IT companies would be irrelevant in the next 5 years?
What is the latest technology used in spacecraft?
What one book would you suggest if I want to be a billionaire within next 10 years?
Has Moore's Law remained valid over the past 5 years?
What are the trillion dollars business trends of the next 10 years?
What is Cozmo tech?
What are some under-development technologies which can bring a revolution in the world?
Is there an increase on dependence in technology?
What are the forseeable impacts of technology taking over our social lives? How will you predict human interactions 50 years from now?
What is the next big thing for computer engineers or what future lies ahead for programmers?
Does Alexa affect Amazon’s stock price?
What about future technology that scares you?
Which new technologies require more research for better implementation?
How is the Indian manufacturing industry expected to grow in the next decade?
What are the new trends in technology for 2017?
What is technological unemployment and how do you think it will affect our species in the next 100 years as technology pushes forward?
What would be today’s technology had we never realized the value of binary numbers and harnessed it to produce digital technology?
What's the next big step for Snapchat Ar?
What was it about Thumbtack that took it five years to develop?
Is live streaming growing as a mode of social media? Is it the next big thing?
What will be the next internet craze after dropshipping?
What are the new trends today that I should integrate into my old website?
What trends do you spot in the music industry 5 years out?
What are the things that has not changed even after this vast technology?
What are the major aspects of mCommerce app for travel business?
What is the most hotly anticipated gadget of 2017?
What will our nano-future look like?
What is your most memorable "holy shit, I live in the future" moment?
Adam D'Angelo: What new technologies can be anticipated in upcoming years that are currently non-existent?
What are the new technologies in control engineering?
How can one travel 30 years in the past with our current technology?
Do you think that technological advancement has made the world more volatile?
Which IT industry technologies do you think will emerge at the top, in 2017?
What are the latest trends in the online porn industry?
Will technology free us or enslave us?
What's the latest development in robotics?
What emerging technologies will revolutionize the construction industry?
What emerging new materials will revolutionize industries the way plastics and cement did?
Will a place like Westworld exist in the next century?
How do you feel about technology?
What is the name of that woman who releases annual technology and startups trends?
What major change will happen in Vietnam in the next 10-20 years?
How can I raise awareness that true AI is about to become reality and we need to prepare?
What will be the next big thing in tech?
What will be the next big selling platform after Amazon?
Who is the most important person in your life right now?
What is the greatest technology collaboration of all times?
What's the best way to prepare for the next big thing in tech?
What is the demand for Mule ESB technology in future?
What trends are you expecting to see for technology in 2017?
What are the latest online business trends I can take advantage of this year?
What do you think will be the biggest changes of 2017 in technology?
Adam D'Angelo: What technology do you see as a big part of the future?
What is the recent technology in recruitment?
My team are looking for the next big "ICE BUCKET CHALLENGE" What do you think could be the next big charity idea?
What technological advancements do you hope never happen? Why?
Technology: how can technology enable more sustainable lifestyles in 2025?
Do you know of any form of "future tech" that is already in use even though the general public still thinks we are some way off from using it?
What are the new storage technologies?
What are the latest technological developments in the means of communication?
What interface is the best for closed "IoT" systems securitywise?
How many of you use Swipe type technology?
What are the latest design trends?
Which televisions are better: Sony or Vu?
How do you think Vietnam's economy and government corruption is going to change in the next 5-10 years?
What problems in the field of science would you like to see solved in the next twenty-five years?
Which cricket records are likely to be broken in the next decade?
What will be the top eCommerce trends of 2017?
Imagine you're building a hotel and have carte blanche, what tech services or robotics would you put in?
What are upcoming smartphones by Creo in 2017 and 2018?
What are the latest web technologies to learn in 2017?
How has the big data revolution reflected upon countries other than the U.S.?
Can anyone share real life examples of Apache Flink? I am planning to learn this technology but firstly wants to see its implementation in real world.
After smartphones, solar panels, auto drive cars, what is the next big thing in Technology?
Which is the best gadget magazine?
What is so good about SCR technology?
What breakthroughs can we expect from neuroscience in the next 10 years?
What is the next communication evolution after the internet?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever Googled and was the answer even close?
Which technology needs improvement?
How are art and new technology connected?
If we were to reach a stable and sustainable global population, would our current economic systems which are based on constant growth fall apart?
Which major technology companies will no longer exist in 50 years?
What will be the next major trend?
What are the upcoming technologies in 2017?
What are the upcoming grpahic design trends?
Are videobooks going to be the next big thing?
What is the next trend?
What are major fitness trends of 2017?
In 2014, what are the scarcest resources?
How can technology reduce the problems created by demonetisation?
Is there a Voice First device like Alexa for children?
What are the most exciting things about the future?
What is the most modern train?
How does your country view the United States in terms of science, technology, and innovation?
Speculation (financial): What's our endgame for the death of the Sun?
What is the most modern metro?
What OS does most people (common users) use on their laptops and computers now-a-days?
What's currently holding us back from space travel?
What major changes will take place in our society in the next two hundred years?
What is the future of Lenovo smartphones?
Is it possible for a display to be indistinguishable from reality?
What building architecture advancements will we see in 100 years?
What new features would you like in a consumer car that aren't currently available?
In 2030, what will people look back on as the most archaic and primitive everyday technology or tool that was used in 2012?
Which major technology companies are possibly going for an IPO in 2013 and 2014?
What are the trending technologies and which technology should I learn for better career prospects?
What are general expected certification trends of 2017?
Earth is about to be destroyed.  You can take 1,000 metric tons of anything you want to Mars.  What do you take, and how, step by step, do you rebuild civilization?
What is the cheapest coworking space for 2 people in the Bay Area?
How likely is an eruption campi flegrei in the near future (next 5 years)?
Does anyone know of any books regarding the art of wealth accumulation?
What's the next technological step after Apps?
How do you envision the human race 1000 years from now?
Are humans too dependent on technology? Why or why not?
Which kind of technology is available to help blind people?
What are the hottest technologies in US that does not require programming?
What types of technology are used at a crime scene?
What are new engineering technology proposals on going?
What will some startup trends be in 2017?
Why did Google change its name to alphabet?
What will be some trends in 2017?
What advancements in technology can we expect in 2017?
What kind of advanced technologies would replace paper bills (banknotes)?
What is next big thing in IT services business?
What futuristic technology from Ghost Protocol is close to or in existence?
How does ultrasound generate localized acoustic radiation pressure?
Will Westworld be the next big show?
Why technology is so popular?
What advances in technology will impact our lives the most in the future?
What are the new trends coming up in society?
What are the key trends of the social networks industry?
How can I make a Bluetooth tracker watch for kids?
What new technology one should follow in coming 2017?
Which trends are expected to occur in 2017?
What is the next food tech trend?
Do you think a 5'10 player who has done well against his varsity team could play significant time as a defensive end on varsity for a few years?
Is it possible the countries in the future become self-rule controlled by artificial intelligence?
A century from now, what tech companies will dominate?
What do you think the future will be like 25 years from now?
What is the next thing I should learn to do?
Is there competition and threats to the English language?
Will I ever be able to record my dreams using a direct neural interface?
What is the future of cloud computing in India?
What is the latest vehicle transmission technology available and what are the disadvantages it has?
What is the latest technology introduce to world by India?
When will corporate AI be overtaken by grass roots decentralization and what would the result be?
What started some current internet trends?
Can anyone help me in learning coding in Apache Flink with examples? I have gained basic Flink knowledge.
What were the most notable tech acquisitions of 2016 and why were they significant?
What are your thoughts on the new social network called gab.ai? Do you think it will become the next big thing?
How do you see wearable devices advancing in the next 10 years?
Which one is better VU 32" smart TV or Micromax 32" smart Android TV?
Could you recommend some books about interesting medical technologies, like for example 'the epigenetics revolution'?
What is the most impressive technology that is likely to be developed in the next 15 years of which most people have no awareness?
How do I deal with programming technology books that keep changing so fast?
What large technology companies will see declining revenues or stagnant growth over the next five years and why?
What are some predictions for the best Tech companies in 2017?
Which black mirror scenario do you think is the most likely to happen in the next 20 years?
Which technology you wanted to see in future?
How will we cope with the unemployment after the wave of automation? How will the world look like?
What are your thoughts about Huawei?
Laptops, Tablets and Smartphones- Which of these will be the first to die down?
What are the top 20 embedded development trends in 2017?
What thechnologies, do you think will see/have 10 years from now?
How soon could humanity spread to other worlds?
How will alternative fuels be fully implemented into American society and infrastructure?
Will humanity even become capable of genetically coding and engineering completely new and exotic forms of life. Not clones or resurrected species, but rather a brand new and isolated form of sentient life?
What undergraduate degree is best to get, assuming continual acceleration of technology, globalism, AI, and connectivity?
Companies, Products, and Services: What are some interesting potential uses of Ultra-Ever Dry?
What would the economy of the Federation from Star Trek look like?
Will the TV become a two-way device?  If so, what are the implications?
Can technology ever take over politics, i.e., by overcoming the resistance of political forces seeking to maintain the status quo? 
Where can I find a video about the future of our interaction with technology, as I've forgotten the title?
What are the best books on the progress of technology and its potentially ill affects on society?
What are the odds that we will ultimately (at any point in our future) be able to successfully resurrect/clone Wooly Mammoths, Dinosaurs, and other forms of extinct life?
What are the jobs of the future?
What properties of graphene make it useful for what type of technologies?
How does the increasing of online enthrallment predict how future generations will handle social issues?
What are some specialized skills that could disappear in the next generation either through disaster or disinterest preventing it's knowledge from being transmitted?
What are some practical applications of bendable LCD screens?
How do you see the future of technology?
What are the best technology analyst blogs?
What is the future of advertising?
What are the best arguments for and against "tech singularity"?
How long until we are able to digitize human consiousness?
In about five years, most of the developing world will be accessing the internet on mobile devices.  Will this lead to more or less armed conflict?
What would be the most high-impact X Prize that should be created?
Will the current age we are living in be described as a technological revolution by future historians?
What are some things that became obsolete in 2013?
In what ways has technology made us lazy and how will new technologies make us lazier in the near future? 
What technologies could be used to reduce the frequency and intensity of earthquakes in the future?
Are "Star Trek" style replicators possible?
What is a technology strategist?
What will books look like in 20 years?
Is it possible sometime in the future to develop technologies similar to those used in the movies: The Matrix and Inception?
What will humanity's next great leap forward be?
3 for 3: What are the top 3 things at the forefront of CIO agendas for the next 3 years?
Will Siri become cloud-based for faster and more hive-minded interactive learning?
Is it realistic at this point to imagine a future technology that allows anyone to learn whatever they want?
When will someone make the iHuman?
Will machines replace humans?
How does the present match-up with how the future used to look?
Will the rise of robotics reverse the trend of manufacturing offshoring for the US?
When we look back at 2010-2015 which tech breakthroughs will we remember?
Do you think the world will be a "better" place in 100 years? Or: long-run optimism or pessimism?
What are some of the best pieces of science fiction technology?
If Ray Kurzweil (Singularity is Near, futurist) and Nassim Taleb (Black Swan, statistician) held a public debate, what would be their most surprising area of agreement and their most heated subject of disagreement?
With all the worlds technology at our fingertips why aren't we able to stop or at least predict these natural disasters before they happen?
If revolution to a post-capitalist economy were to occur, in what ways could the replacement economic system support the centuries-long trend of technological advancement or not?
What is the future of PC microprocessors?
What do you predict will be the future disruptive technologies & types of startups that will effect how we use & interact with the internet?
Will personal computers ever go out of style?
What are the challenges in building a flying car?
Which future technology are you most excited about ? Why?
What do we need to live on the moon?
Was there any popular article that predicted the magnitude of the mobile-phone boom?
What are the limits to information transmission/reception capacity as the communication platform shrinks in dimension?
What is the next giant leap in terms of user interface?
Could driverless vehicles become the norm in the foreseeable future?
Is Singularity a fact or just a hypothesis?
What technologies could be used to reduce the frequency and intensity of hurricanes in the future?
What are the main bottlenecks that are delaying technological singularity?
How will future full immersion virtual reality in the mind change the way we communicate?
What are some things that digital technology can never replace?
How plausible are the circumstances/situations portrayed in Black Mirror?
What are the major upcoming Internet technologies for 2011?
When will facial recognition technology be able to perform reliable search in video?
How realistic are the concepts in Microsoft's Productivity Future Vision video?
What artificial senses could humans possess in the near future?
What are unbelievable things now that will be real in the year 2030?
Does the United States need a viable manufacturing base of some kind to maintain a strong economy over the next 30-50 years?
Will we inherit data?
What is the state of virtual reality research and development?
How can technology help the domain of design in the future in terms of research, conceptualization, execution and business?
Theoretically, could a computer one day : (1) pass a state bar exam or (2) successfully challenge a human opposing counsel in court? Would a computer make the "perfect" attorney or judge?
Is 'The Singularity' a religion? If so what kinds of negative effects is this having on the direction technology is taking in Silicon Valley?
What is the future of the Internet?
What medium should I write files on, to be locked away, then accessed in 25-50 years?
What technologies could help people "see the world through others' eyes", "walk in another person's shoes", etc.?
What are the main problems in technology/software?
For future education needs, what is more eco-friendly: books, or tablet computers?
Will technology take away privacy completely?
What are some of the mind-blowing facts about Quantum Computing?
What technological changes are necessary to make travel obsolete?
When will the price of titanium start going down because of technological development lowering its cost of production and use?
Is the tech industry displacing more jobs than it is creating?
Will computers ever be able to perform creative tasks?
When self-driving cars become common place in the near future, will most automakers significantly shift their selling points from performance and handling to cabin comfort/luxury?
What parts of the culture or technology of today will people find amusing or disdainful in the future?
In what year will we see the first person celebrate their 150th birthday?
If we could see the future, what products or services would we stop using in the present?
What will be the state of human technology in 5 years?
What will people use consumer-grade 3D printers for?
What are some things  that are bound to become obsolete by the next decade [2013-2022]?
Which personal decisions made by individuals in the past has influenced or directly shaped today's Internet?
Will devices disappear altogether?
Does technology / automation create jobs or destroy them in the long term?
I only have one eye. Will I become truly disabled once 3D glasses take over?
Which theoretically achievable technological developments would result in the most improvement in the state of the world?
How correct it would be to say that all the technological development of the present age has taken place in just last 500 years?
Where is the micro-server market heading?
What works of fiction best depict possible futures for technology and its impacts on humanity?
What low-income jobs won't be replaced by technology in the next 50 years?
What will be the next big development after Rostock delta style 3D Printers?
What technology is required to build a teleporter?
If we had a device that could detect (with perfect accuracy) whether someone was knowingly telling a lie how would it change the world?
3D Printing: Can there be road printers?
What will be the future implications of the advancements in manufacturing technology, as described in the Feb 12-18th, 2011 issue of The Economist (magazine) cover story The Printed World?
What are some cool videos about the future and/or really awesome technological/scientific renovations in the works?
When the singularity comes, would it be recommended to merge with technology?
Is bendable display the future of smartphone?
What industry(s) will likely spawn a new Bill Gates?
The year is 2050, what doesn't exist anymore and why?
What technologies could ease the burden of looking after the growing number of old people?
Would it be possible to stay on a different planet any time in the future?
Fabrication: Why do we still need people in factories?
Who are the top technology futurists?
How close are we to getting rid of keyboards entirely?
What will smartphones be like in 2050?
How can we increase our knowledge about computer technologies?
Is technology impeding the human species' ability to evolve?
Will we ever see a day where humans embed technology into our brains?
James Bond 007 (creative franchise): What was Q's most advanced and realistic invention?
Is it safe to assume that time-travel will never exist because nobody has come back from the future to give us the technology?
How should we inspire future generations to solve the worlds greatest problems?
Will someday computers be made and programmed by other computers?
What is the future of friendship?
What are some outrageously false predictions about technology in this millenium?
What roles, if any, has Star Wars had in guiding the modern global culture toward a moral, ethical, and technological future?
In the future, what invention do you think we'll use to exercise without doing much on our part at all?
What traditional inventions and technologies have smartphones replaced and will probably replace in the future?
What are the best TED talks about future of Technology one must watch?
Should I study CS or Engineering -- where is the future of technology?
Will technology liberate mankind?
What are some cool examples of futuristic weapons that the U.S. armed forces may wield some day, that could reasonably be built as technology improves?
Will humanity ever get bored with pure sciences?
Will it ever become commonplace to permanently and electively augment  your body with advanced technology?
Will complete sex changes, including all internal organs and full fertility, ever be possible?
What's next?
Will doctors become obsolete as technology takes over?
Could a "Jetsons" type skyway ever exist in our world?
What are some of the most accurate technology & science predictions ever made?
Will autonomous cars cause a surge in people moving to the suburbs?
If you were a billionaire, what technology would you bring to the world, Manhattan-project style? How and why?
What is the future of carbon fiber?
Do we live in the best time of civilization?
Can violent crime be eliminated using an implant that would cause temporary paralysis whenever someone is about to commit a violent act?
How close are we to electronic storage of human memory?
How is investment banking going to change in the next 10 years?
What are the big ideas in science (or technology) which are likely to shape the technology of the next 10 - 15 years and why?
What are the odds that the Moon or Mars (or any other planets) will be colonized in the next 50 years?
Between lawyer and doctor, which profession will become obsolete first and why?
If you had a technological superiority over the rest of the world, what would be your steps to establish utopia?
What could potentially change daily life like the internet has?
How can we know how advanced is the technology the governments own?
Meals: Will the act of eating ever be easier than drinking products like Soylent?
How prescient has JG Ballard really been about our time?
How has technology changed sex?
Given today's technology and massive data-gathering capabilities, is the predictive method Isaac Asimov termed "psychohistory" a possibility?
What trends in values, technology, or business can give us hope for a sustainable future for our planet?
How would the atom sized transistor change the world?
How will todays technology develop over the next 10-20 years from now?
How would an infinite power generator change the world?
What do you think about the future of libraries when modern technology puts thousands of books in your hands?
What mind-blowing technology seen in sci-fi movies could potentially be reality in the next 50 years?
How would the world be changed if moderately priced flying cars were available?
What are the design processes for products launching in 2017?
When will 3D printing become an economical manufacturing technology for mass production?
In what ways was Snow Crash incredibly prescient?
What are some examples of modern day technology that validates or surpasses science fiction in the past?
How will nano particle solar absorption change energy generation over the next 5-10 years?
How do you imagine technology will advance within the next 30 years?
When will the computing and monitor technology that Tony Stark uses in Iron Man (the movies) become common?
Which futurists should be recognized as the most accurate? (Ex: Asimov, Kurzweil, Toffler, Sagan, etc.)
How will technology revolutionize the health care industry?
Could Google Glass be used by governments to facilitate total surveillance?
What bionic invention other than an exoskeleton could give me super strength?
What area will 3D printing impact the most?
Are H2O-driven cars ever going to be a success? And will they replace today's electric cars?
What are the biggest contributing factors to worldwide urbanization? (i.e. 60M people moving to cities each year)
Would the world be a better place without the internet?
What will the iPhone look like, 10 years from now?
What future trends could reverse the worldwide trend of urbanization?
What are some interesting technologies that can remove pollutants from the air that countries or the world could buy to improve regional or global air pollution?
Is so much technology advancement good for us or are we all doomed?
What videos showing a vision of a future do you like?
Is the Nokia Morph phone concept real? If so, how long will it take to launch?
What does Obama think of Hyperloop?
What will bathrooms be like in 20 years?
Will technology have a limit as Michio Kaku once said?
What are the chances that a flying car will be offered at the consumer level in the next 25 years?
What are today's frontiers of nanotechnology?
What is the difference in technologies required to build a teleporter and a time machine?
What will working in an office be like in 20 years? Will computers be obsolete?
Today's wireless communication is primarily using electro-magnetic waves. What's beyond using light in future?
What triumph of the next 20 years will come to haunt us?
What would be some impossible inventions?
Does science fiction influence scientific thought and technological development? If so, to what degree?
Internet Technology What awaits the Internet for the next 10 years, what's likely to change?
Why is hardware engineering chosen over bio engineering to create new technologies to enhance our lives?
Are there any technological developments that might affect a standard-issue gent's haircut in the future?
What are some jobs/things/ideologies/practices that will become obsolete in a couple of decades?
Will something like the Marauder's Map from Harry Potter ever become an acceptable interface for a realtime geosocial service?
What is Mobile Application Development career outlook like in 2013 and the future?
Could a future of increasingly automated technologies destroy the world's economic system?
Will humanity ever be able to harness the power of matter replicator technology, as is used in star trek?
How close are we to having technologically-augmented sight?
How can TV shows use augmented reality to create unprecedented interactions with their viewers?
A New Frontier for Civilization?
Far into the future, what will our age be known as?
When will 3D printing become mainstream?
How can we abolish Government as we know it today and establish a truly transparent, 100% representative, peer-reviewed, IT-based virtual senate (like a Quora for Capitol Hill) to decide on affairs of the State?
In the future, will Google be a car manufacturer, or will they sell automotive components that help facilitate autonomous driving?
Will Siri become mainstream?
Which technological solutions can be used to gain super-human physical or mental processing skills, biologically?
What innovations are likely to happen in the next ten years?
How will the world evolve in the 21st century?
What inventions will we use in the future for human super speed?
Is the world less predictable than ever?
Which event is more likely to occur first? Encounter with extraterrestrial civilizations or sentient machines civilizations?
Is Internet going to break up into separate, nation controlled networks?
What impact would an AI have on our society?
What will the confluence between fashion and technology be like in the future?
In the future, is Google likely to spin off its autonomous driving division or keep it as part of Google?
How will the world change in 2013?
What are some of the best uses for augmented reality (AR)?
What are some jobs (right now and not yet invented) that will be important in/change the future (STEM fields)?
Who are the top 10 inventors of the 21st century?
Will humans eventually become obsolete?
What will be the technological scenario of smartphones, desktops, nanotechnology, etc. 20 years from now?
Is technology destroying our memory?
Robotics: What would be the first profession to be dumped by technology?
How is natural selection at work in the contemporary world?  What effects is technology likely to have on the progression of natural selection?
How do you think the modern home will change over the next 50 years?
Could a person establish a utopia if he had enough money?
What is your one unique thing that proves we are living in a sci-fi world?
Is Newlight's "plastic from air" a plausible technology?
How will the HR department evolve over the next 10 years?
In the near future, say the next 100 years, will we be able to reach Alpha Centauri?
Is there a limit to the advances of technology?
What are the most forward thinking and future reaching quotes?
What is going to be the next game changer in technology? Something like the smartphone revolution or the PC revolution?
What is the future of Ethernet? Which are the other competing Layer 2 technologies? How are they better?
If robots decide to exterminate the human race, how would they do it?
How plausible is the technology shown in Will Smith's movie "After Earth"?
Do you think time travel and teleportation will be possible in the future?
Why aren't robotics technologies more pervasive in such an essential industry as agriculture?
Are the implications of 3D printing being wildly overstated?
Will there ever be computers that can be implanted into your brain?
What are the biggest obstacles to improving Internet latency in the future?
Computer Hacking (security): At what point in the future will it be possible to bruteforce a 20 character password consisting of upper case letters, lower case letters and numbers?
What would happen in the world in the next 5, 50, 500 and 5000 years if all human kind died right now?
What industries are the most outdated with technology?
Current Analysis: Do you think that we have reached a saturation in terms of technology now? Or will soon reach a saturation?
What are some unique startups that can we expect in 10 years of time?
Will the science and technology needed to build nuclear bombs (at least as powerful as the fatman bombs) become commonplace in the future?
Does the invention of video definitively make books obsolete?
Is the space combat that is seen in Ender's game a realistic speculation of the future. Or will the distant future of military engagement still be rooted on the surface of planets?
What will Christian theism and spirituality look like when humans have evolved into cyborgs?
If someone from the 2010's or earlier suddenly appeared in 2073, what would be the most difficult thing to explain to them about life in the 70's?
If you had to categorize all technology into 3-4 groups, what would the groups be?
What will be the dominant battery technology used to create batteries to store power for residences, commercial, and industrial buildings?
"Live in the future and build what is missing" What would YOU think is missing in the future? What would you love to have in the future?
What will America be like in 50 years if it stays on the same course?
[opinion] What technology will be in our pocket in the next 15-20 years?
How realistic would it be for our entire immune system to be replaced by nanobots controlled through Artificial Intelligence, periodically maintained through cloud computing, and powered by cellular respiration?
When can we have 3D screen?
Will technology accommodate evolution or will evolution accommodate technology?
How can you make sure a message that is supposed to be delivered to someone 500 years into the future will reach that person?
When will traditional Television be a thing of the past?
What are the most interesting future applications of BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy)?
What will be next breaking technology trend in 2014- 2017 era?
When will next generation batteries be commercially available?
With Robotics and Automation fast becoming a part of our daily lives, what does this mean for laypeople of society and what occupations will they have?
What sort of technology is needed to be able to record our dreams? Will this ever be possible in the future?
When mobile becomes old-hat, what will the next big thing be?
Is open source ERP systems better than closed ones for medium sized businesses?
What will consumer electronics look like in 10 years? 25 years? 50 years?
In your opinion what will be different (technological, social, political, etc) in the world twenty five years from now? How much of a difference? How much the same?
What is programmable matter?
What does the future hold for your field of expertise?
If today you were offered to own a futuristic home robot (something like the Jetsons family had in the futuristic cartoon), what are the few widly desirable things you would want that robot to do for you?
Is Google Helpouts a competition to Quora? What is your view on the current scenario and near term in the future?
What are the current technologies being used for facade cleaning, esp for buildings with uneven and protruding surfaces?
What is the one new feature that you desperately in your mobile-phones?
What are some of the most exciting things that technology might bring in the next, say, ten years?
Will modern technology create a dumbed down society where governments can easily control citizens?
Theoretically speaking, what do you think is the next great industry boom?
What are the productivity related activities that you could potentially, if not already, get done in an automated manner?
What is the future of hair removal?
In the future, is spaceship/fighter combat realistic or to be expected? Or will military endeavors still be primarily rooted on planets themselves?
What will infantry weaponry and armor be like in the far, distant futures of military?
If you could have a 3 second 'SnapChat' depicting your future, would you want to see it? Why/why not?
What will be the top 5 booming industries in engineering in the next decade?
Technology trends? What do you think about this technology?   http://learnandsharetoall.blogspot.com/2014/01/orcam-technology-for-blind-partially.html?
How far off is the implementation of distance- and time-based road-use pricing in the US/UK and other markets?
Will technology make terrorism easier or harder to carry out?
What do you predict will be the highest growth industries in Asia and Africa in the next 10 years?
What will computer games look like in 50 years time?
What are the most prescient comments online about a technology company posted some time up until 2000?
When will nano technology become a part of daily life and what would that world look like?
When will speech become archaic?
How will the role of actuaries be different ten years from now?
What are some secret technologies that the government currently has/had that we don't know/now know about?
What's the next smartphone you're going to buy and why?
What kind of experiences are very uncommon today, but will become more common in the future? In other words, who is living "the future, today?"
How would personalised genomics revolutionize our love relationship?
What is next after blu-ray technology?
What are the ways we could achieve immortality using our current technology?
What is your wishlist for iOS 7?
In the future will children be asking their parents if they can invite their friends over that they met on the internet?
What future innovation will we use so guns cannot shoot random  people but CAN shoot in self-defense? Thoughtful answers please!
What is the future of consumer electronics?
Which technologies failed in the past but will succeed in the future?
What will happen to Earth and the human race after 2045?
When will personal flying devices be made affordable? Will they ever?
In the future, will we able to create spore-like creatures in real life?
Will an Ansible, from Ender's game, or some technology thereof ever be possible?
Who are some of the current thought leaders of the 21st century?
What are the next big industries that don't yet exist in any meaningful form?
What can be the next big thing in technology (condition - with low capital intensity)?
How will lithium battery technology evolve?
What are some big world problems that could probably be solved in fifty years?
What material will replace carbon fiber?
What do you see as the future for society?
What could be the societal changes in 20 years for technology, tradition, food habits, etc.?
How far ahead do you think you can predict the world's future correctly?
Would a real-life Star Trek transporter actually kill and vaporize the person undergoing dematerialization ("energize") and at the destination create an exact copy with all the characteristics of the original person but as a new sentient being?
Will human evolution in the future be more biological or technological?
How is technology going to change sports?
Why don't we have hydraulics in prosthetic limbs or Terminator-strength augmentations yet?
What technology that seems ground-breaking right now will probably fade away?
Is Chemical Technology the future and why?
What future technologies will today's tech-savvy youth find alienating and hard to use?
What are the biggest problems facing humanity in the 21st century?
What, if any, are the downsides to building either subterranean or underwater cities?
How can understanding consciousness and the brain change the future of humanity?
About what year will computer technology replace conference interpreters?
Will we ever see a star in real time?
What will military combat technology be like in the far, distant future of the universe..?
Is using technology necessary in order to develop as a human being, nowadays?
What will be essential for a operating system to survive in the market 5 years from now?
What would a current age evil genius have to do in order to take over the galaxy?
What did you once consider futuristic and never believed having at some point, that you own today?
Why do we still have physical passports? How long will this last for?
When some one gets excited about lots of stuff like technology, arts, medicine, social work etc how does one choose their correct path and passion?
What would the cost of Internet Technology be if someone could buy it?
Which job describes a person who will be able to create new technologies, such as headphones, speakers, sound systems, perhaps even a wider range of technologies such as a TV?
What are your dreams for the future of work?
Will there come a day in future when 3D printers will be on every desk?
Will there come a point in the future when all areas of knowledge, including the sciences, become complete, so that no further study is required? If yes, will jobs become unnecessary?
Do you believe there will be any scientific breakthroughs that will allow humans to live significantly longer in the next 10-20 years?
How would Yahoo! be able to overtake Google's greater prominence in the future?
What breakthroughs in science and technology might we make in the next fifty years that could change the world as we know it today?
What is the impact that Raspberry Pi will have on the world 10 years from now?
What are some revolutionary things that you predict will occur in the next 10 years?
When will the humanity be able to fully control Earth?
What companies are working on products that will significantly change the world in the next 10 years?
What commonplace aspects of contemporary life would seem very futuristic to someone from the past?
How will makers of luxury watches be affected by the iWatch and other smartwatches?
What will be the consequences when nowadays kids' favorite toys are computers, smartphones and tablets?
Why should technology not replace the referee system in sports?
Time Travel: 10 15 2013 isn't today they went to in back to the future?
Is holographic video the future for personal communication, and if so why is taking so long to get implemented?
What's one thing that will exist in ten years that will make us look back and say "Can you believe life was like that in 2013?" or "How did life exist in 2013 without this?"
What will be the next few billion+ Y-Combinator valuations?
What social trends will occur in the next 25 years?
Is it possible to send stored energy back to the grid or to a friend?  If so, why aren't we?
What is going to change te world next like how telephones and personal computers did?
What changes do you think will happen in your field of work in the next 20 years?
Over the next 6 years, what do you want to see Quora become?
How can you improve technology for better online sales?
What are the areas 3D printing would benefit now and as well in near future in South Asia.
What will the robotics revolution look like and when will it happen?
What are the most important ideas in Heidegger's philosophy related to technology?
Will 3D printing really change EVERYTHING?
Is there a technology that allow men to breastfeed?
What do you think is the future of Augmented Reality? Is it going to be a technology of future or just another gimmick which will fade over time?
How will virtual reality transform porn?
What has not changed in the past 20 years?
What is the best future technology according to you?
Is the future of technology based in real-time data analysis?
Is it inevitable that space travel will be commercialized to the mass in the future?
What are the most meaningful problems to solve now given how primitive the human brain today will probably be relative to technology enhanced brains of the future?
When will advanced technology make humans obsolete?
What are some startup ideas with "high technical risk" that would make you extremely wealthy IF you could pull it off?
Will technology bite us in the ass?
What is the future of Tesla Super-Chargers technology?
When will humans produce the first holodeck?
What were Isaac Asimov's 1964 predictions about 2014, and how accurate was he?
How do you keep your mind on the future goal of creating or being a part of an awesome interactive experience without getting derailed or uninterested with all the bullshit hoops you have to jump through?
Is the personal computer or are personal computing devices the greatest artifact(s) humanity has created?
How might public restrooms change in the next century?
Will it ever become scientifically feasible or even beneficial to conceive/nurture a human fetus (or any form of life for that matter) in a vat instead of naturally?
As the annual CES continues and new products are introduced, does anyone see the advantage of the new curved hi-def tv's?
What is going to replace the Internet?
Can a man and a machine merge in the future?
What is the earliest future state of human technological advancement beyond which it is impossible to see?
Why haven't we found a better solution to replace screws?
Will computers surpass the brain on all fronts in the next 25 years?
How is 'TV' currently defined?
What are some amazing things to expect in 2014?
Which technologies will influence or even change the way we do sports? I'm thinking of things like endomondo for running, the way that you can design and print your own shoes in the store, the game of geotracking and so on and so on.
How will 3D printing revolutionize housing? Could it reduce homelessness?
What are the odds of cryogenics developing in the next 100 years?
William Gibson said "The future is here, it's just not evenly distributed yet." What futures have you seen that are here, but unrecognized?
Are you more optimistic or more pessimistic about the world's future?
What happens to people when machines and computers can perform a task more efficiently?
Is finance a dying field or is there great potential for future growth such as in technology and engineering?
Have there been any technological achievements that haven't already appeared in some form in science fiction?
Where is today's technology leading humans?
How would the world be without the Internet?
Can bad guys create a microbe that causes a zombie outbreak/epidemic?
What is the opposite of the technological singularity?
What is the single thing that could happen tomorrow and change everything?
What are some things that are absolutely known to be realistically unachievable?
How much would it cost to build a floating city for 100 people? How about 5 and 10 years from now?
What behaviors or technology of today, have surprised you the most?
What material things in our lives are changing very slowly despite all the technological advances?
What will financial institutions be like in 10 years from now?
When will 3D printing food become an affordable household reality?
Will we ever be able to stop working?
What are the potential uses for drones?
How do you believe social media and technology will change the way goods, services, and experiences are designed, manufactured, and distributed in the next decade?
What would a nanotechnology world look like?
Which one is closer: Human level AI or universal molecular assemblers?
Could future technology ever allow humans to forgo sleep indefinitely? If so, what technologies are being developed now to allow this in the future?
Time Travelers: Can you describe the technology you used to get here from the future?
What would be the biggest problem that would be faced by the world by 2030, and could it 'possibly' be solved by better technology?
What is the next generation of computing?
Are there any futurists or science fiction writers that predicted the Internet ahead of its time?
Do you think that one day we will develop wormhole or Alcubierre drive FTL technology?
Will technology ever reach a point that it can no longer become more advanced, in the sense that it becomes too complex to learn and advance in a single human lifetime?
How will technology and automation change the nature of what our universities need to be teaching now? Does this make tenure a bad thing or a good thing?
Will phones of the future ever be transparent?
What is the future of household gas in the near future, in the sense that is the government going to stop the subsidized LPG in the coming months?
Will giant technology companies control people in the future? Why?
Do you think Homo sapiens will spread across the cosmos?
What does it mean that the next technological revolution will be in material science?
By 2050, what jobs will robots not be able to do that humans can? Why?
Is this Tatvlogy latest technology to know self is welknown?
What are the possible or near possible things that we can expect in the next 10 years (say by 2024)?
Will technological unemployment lead to a collapse of the economic system if most of the jobs are done by machine?
What are the top 5 challenges or obstacles that Otterbox faces in the future?
What is next in terms of technology?
What current technology could impact the future negatively, and what new technology will emerge from that?
What jobs will soon be replaced by technology?
How do we best educate children, with respect to technology, for a future we don't yet know?
What is your take on transhumanism? Do you think transhumanism is better for the future rather than a normal mortal death?
We've seen a massive increase in drones, so why hasn't this technology been adapted to make the flying car?
Your opinion: What will be possible with wearable tech as in clothing, wearables, glasses etc.?
China has recently started 3D printing houses. What, if any, is the height of 3D printing in modern manufacturing?
If you were to leave a message for future civilizations that would last millions or billions of years, how would do that?
Could there ever be an 'artificial' Winter Olympic games?
How much will the value of speaking a foreign language fall due to computer-aided translation?
How do you predict the energy production makeup will be divided in 10, 25, and 100 years from 2014 in your region?
The rate of automation outpaces the rate of job creation designed for those who lost their previous job as a result of said automation. What is the solution?
Is Quora planning to incorporate video into their interface in the near future?
What would be the future for C programmers? Are there enough jobs left in this technology?
What is the future of Sony's new Archival Disc?
What technologies could pave way to the future brain computer interface?
What are the biggest areas of business that stand to be disrupted by mobile?
Assuming that the world is quickly and inevitably becoming less parochial, are some people greatly bothered by it?
Will we be using iPhones in 10 years?
What are the 5 most promising technology trends that will have a big impact in their industry fields?
What is next after cloud computing and platforms?
What is the scope of Hadoop technology in the future? Is it worth it to spend time on this technology?
How do you think the Real Estate Industry and the role of Realtors might look like 10 years from now?
Can blood be replaced with something other than blood and still keep a person alive?
Are Terminators going to come alive soon to give humans a Salvation?
What technology do we use today that will look like an 8 track player soon enough?
How do you aspire to change India's future?
How far away is modern weapons technology from developing large scale EMP bursts?
Do you think human civilization will be able to reach Type III stage on the Kardashev scale before it's extinction?
How do you see the feature film industry changing in terms of filmmaking technology in the next 5 years?
Is it possible that we may eventually integrate a worldwide “common” language for online communication, apart from whatever languages are spoken geographically, or is the increasing accuracy and efficiency of translation devices likely to make this unnecessary?
With all the stuff we put on the internet a psychologist could easily get a pretty good profile of us.Could this be used in the future to benefit us or harm us?
If humanity survives the next 30,000 years, what would we be doing? What would it mean to be human?
What is the future of silicon based electronics?
What is the future for mechanical engineers in the field of Product Life-cycle Management (PLM)?
Will the dream of an absolute wireless power future ever come true?
What do you think will be the new trends & technologies that will be released in 2014?
What are the most exciting challenges for Quantcast in the future?
What are the main bottlenecks or impediments to the development of flying cars? Is there any chance they will be developed and commercialized within the next 50-60 years?
What are your ideas on using technology to achieve world peace?
What new technologies would be required to efficiently recycle modern computers and consumer electronics back into their original raw materials?
What is the next great leap forward in the world of semiconductors?
How would you make an Iron Man type-suit based on existing technology or technology that would likely be possible in the future?
Could it be possible to download food in the future?
Why do people think the second Machine Age will find ways to employ people just as the industrial revolution did?
What do you think the world will look like in 400 years?
How can I make the lake healthy having technology to monitor its health? What are the latest and productive methods?
Will the robot revolution take longer than we think?
What are some possible energy producing devices that are man-portable and can provide energy for a long time which can be attainable in the near future?
What types of brick-and-mortar stores will become obsolete in the next 10-20 years?
Is it possible that one day in the future we will have superheroes like Batman or Iron Man in real life?
What arts are emerging from advances in 21st century technology?
If a new social-like site were released in 2014, what would the public expect from it?
In what ways does CES 2014 show differing trends to 2013?
What would be that instance why humans will eventually defy gravity?
Is it now technically feasible to build a hoverboard? How?
Is it possible that it was humans from the future that were the ones that sent technology to the past that built all the Pyramid etc?
Would a large tech firm prefer to hire someone who spent 6 years developing new next gen future technology such as below, or would they prefer new graduates?
How do you think technology is going to shape the future for music fans?
What will be the impact if the number of people with computer science degrees doubles by the next decade?
What do you think will be the next major revolution in?
What is(are) the break through invention(s) in the yr of 2013 in any field that has(have) improved human life or become easier a lot?
If an iPhone is properly stored and buried, what are the chances that the iPhone would still function 25,000 years later?
What startup will have the biggest social impact in the next 10 years?
Have we become more civilised than our ancestors or are we just telling ourselves a lie in the shape of technology and science?
In the next decade, which apps will have More Success? Mobile (cell phone, carry-around laptop) or At-home apps (tv, computer, video game systems, etc.)?
What are your social media predictions for 2014?
What types of engineering face the best opportunities in the future 8 years?
Are there technological developments that could make air travel drastically cheaper in coming years?
What are some conservative predictions about artificial intelligence over the next 50 years?
What's the maximum yield possible for a thermonuclear weapon given current technology?
What is your vision of the future of our species?
What exactly is Fintech and how can you get involved with it?
Archives and Archiving: How should humans make a time capsule that survives a billion years AND can be found by the next civilization in one billion years so they can figure out what the heck happened here?
In modern technology, we now have flexible supercapacitors. Can these be intertwined into a fabric? Is it possible to store electrostatic electricity in a flexible supercapacitor? If so, is it possible to create a wearable battery charger?
Holography: What is the current state of holographic technology?
Would you rather have a flying car or a week-long trip to outer space?
What are the new technologies that have come in the last ten years?
What will happen to low-wage jobs when 'the machines' take over?
Could society adapt to a more decentralized world where technology create new opportunities for disruptive and collaborative global economies?
Is our next generation going to forget basic abilities, like writing, painting, basic maths, and poem recitation due to advancing technology?
What is a potential future of crowdfunding idea?
Are embedded RFID chips in the human future?
Will drone technology and better battery technology create, in the near future, Jetson-like air vehicles?
Is Salesforce part of good future technology?
Will accounting jobs be obsolete in the next 20 years as computers can do it much better?
What effect will the capabilities of 3D-Printing Edible food have on women in the future?
How do you think virtual reality devices will change our world?
The crypto-currency MasterCoin is supposed to offer features in the codebase that allow for zero-trust contracts. Is this new way of hedging going to lead to lots of traction?
Will man be replaced by computer in the future?
Why do people think that bitcoin will plummet because of the similarities between other boom cycles?
In what year do you think we will all become batteries for the machines that eventually take over the world? Can you describe the sequence of events that lead up to this? Let's get creative and have fun with this one.
Will water desalination technology become feasible in the third world?
What is the future of the film industry with the technology of today? Brainstorm with me and drop your ideas, so that we can build a new system together .
What is the future of semiconductor manufacturing technology?
If the technology to digitally upload your mind becomes available, why would or wouldn't you do it?
Man walked on the moon in the 1960s, so why don't we repeat the feat today even though we have far more resources today, much more superior technology and massively improved computing power at our disposal?
Will snakable connection cables be much more common in the future?
How can the Oculus Rift be used for healthcare?
What do you think technology will be like in the future?
Is HUVr (hoverboards) for real, or is this an elaborate hoax?
What will the future concentration of information technology be like? Do you think that someday most of the tech work currently done by humans will come down to security if machines evolve into programmers and engineers?
What technologies require further development to make personal "Back to the Future" hoverboards with existing technologies used in drones?
Do you think that in the future humans will eventually either turn-off emotions or have an enabling system? Is this a good idea?
Are the Hendo and Duru hoverboards real?
When (or if) humanoid robots (as depicted in popular sci-fi) are invented, will they be the typical robot we all know, or will they be different?
How will technology affect our lives by 2020?
What is the future of mechatronics? Will it be as famous as computer science?
What technologies will make food and housing almost free?
Will science and technology ever allow humans to simulate the formation of cellular life from simple building blocks such as atoms, amino acids, diatomic gases, etc. using a computer? Why?
What is the future for mechanical engineering technology?
What is the future of investment banking? Will it be taken over by computers?
What kind of technology will change our world completely in the following 20 years?
Do you think that the usage of desktop will be obsolete in coming years?
What is the scope of nanotechnology in future?
Will human vocal cords weaken over time due to technological alternatives?
What were the best inventions in field of science and technology in last 20 years?
What will be the impact of smartphones in the world’s market by 2020?
What is the closest thing to a science fiction AI do we have today?
What will be the next revolution in physics?
Will there be any day in the future without gadgets and techie stuff?
How will self-driving cars help shape the future? What changes will result as they become more prevalent?
What are some job types that will exist in the near or remote future?
What is the future of SharePoint?
What are some detailed predictions about when human-level artificial intelligence will occur?
How will cameras be used in the future?
What is the next step for video games industries, after wanting to reach high-quality video rendering?
How will the VPN industry evolve over the next 10 years?
5 years ago there where no apps as we all know them now in our mobile phones. What technology could replace or evolve the apps in 3 to 5 years from now?
What is the future of revenue for consumer internet companies?
Is innovation a priority? How can we institutions connect employees and learners with their passions and their personal vision of the future
What are the future technology start-ups that could steal the deal from Google/Facebook?
Besides weaponry, what are some ways that technology have made the world a worse place?
How many years before we develop the technology to communicate telepathically?
Which tech company rules the Tech Future?
What are the possible technologies or research areas that will rule the future?
How many people are employed in jobs that could be automated by currently existing technology?
Is there actually a need for troops on the ground in this day and age with drones, economic sanctions, etc.?
What are the inventions that are yet to be invented?
Which is the most futuristic country?
Is it more prudent to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret?
What is the future of product design for hardware startups?
With Twitter pushing Digits, will phone number verification/sign-in be the future?
Just like Industrial and Technological Revolution, what possibly will be the next big revolution which would change the world order?
Where do you want to live in the future?
What car will replace the Mercedes Benz SLS?
What is the future of Scala? Does it have the capability to replace existing technologies like Java/Ruby?
What is preventing photonic computing from going mainstream?
With government surveillance, technological advances, and world knowledge on the rise, will we see the answer or the machine to solve P = NP in our lifetime?
What would humans do if the population reached its peak and technology took over all human tasks?
What will be the future of internet content? For example, some 4 years back it was YouTube. Then Facebook. Then came Instagram, Whatsapp, etc. Here comes QUORA. What will be the next one to rule the internet?
What are the future prospects for a bio technology student after graduation in central government?
What are going to be the future products that will be based on technology and services?
Will computers replace physicists in the coming decades?
In what areas is the United States ahead of other countries?
Why are holograms like in the movies not a reality yet and how much longer before they are?
What are some websites similar to Future Timeline?
Currently there are only 65-70% of the world's population who have access to the Internet. How would a world look if 100% of the world's population had access to the Internet?
If technology advances so that people can live for 200 years, how will relationships, careers, and social networks be structured?
Over the next 30 years, what industries will not be fully taken over by technology and still be reliant on human decision making?
How feasible is Ray Kurzweil's prediction that computers will pass the Turing Test by 2029?
What are some real life examples of errors made by doctors, scientists or astronauts that costed one's life?
Which technology has the brightest scope among PHP, Java, and .NET?
How far are we from a future where everything (electricity, power e.t.c.) can be transported wirelessly?
Who will be the first Lawnmower Man?
If people applied the same passion to housing, food and energy issues and solutions as they do to technology solutions, would the prices of the latter things go down significantly? If not, why not?
How much would our technology change if we went back in time and introduced ourselves to the cavemen?
How many years will it take before we are all cyborgs?
What potential new military technology could radically change world history?
How will technology change forensic science over the next 50 years?
In your opinion, which technologies are critical for the future? And why?
What is the future of fast casual restaurant technology?
What are the top 10 future technologies that are still under a development phase?
When will we have this century's major theory? A theory that will change the way we perceive our universe?
What will happen when we create the first working quantum computer?
What social, psychological, emotional, and physical impact will our current use/misuse of technology have on us in the future?
What is the best way to continue to benefit from modern social technology while simultaneously maintaining excellent human communication skills?
Will the future of virtual reality be big?
What kind of technology do we need right now, but technically it would take years to build?
What is the future of PeopleFluent technology in India?
Can AI be checked early so that we will not be eventually annihilated by it?
Does anyone have any idea about when and if the singularity (technological singularity) will strike us and if so, then how? Will it be for good or for bad?
What fields are the future of computer science?
What do you think will be the most important technology of 2016?
How and why will technology be our downfall?
What industry will robots take over from humans in the future?
If the U.S. focused all of its resources on one future technology, which one would provide the greatest benefit?
Can technology help us reduce the number of gun deaths, now or in the future?
Is the near-future portrayed in the Ghost in the Shell series plausible?
How does a Hendo Hoverboard work?
What technological advancements will most affect our lives in the semi-near future?
What will the world be like once software has eaten everything?
What are some promising future applications of nanomaterials?
Where will we be in the next 200 years? What possible inventions will our future generation see?
What kind of a technological development would be necessary to unify the world government?
What are the most interesting "Solve for X" videos?
What could be future power technology?
Will computers rule the world one day?
After 9/11 and the internet+smart phone boom, what is going to be the next world-affecting event?
What are the biggest projected changes in consumer technology over the next fifty years?
What is Nanotechnology and what India is doing recently?
What practical technologies have arisen from research into the universe's origins and future, etc.?
What are the fastest emerging industries in the future, such as oil and gas industries?
Is there a chance that technology will allow us a major jump forward in our ability to fight viruses in the next 50 years?
How will 3D sensor technology change the world?
What are some future gadgets?
Are we already living in the technological singularity?
Will jobs such as waiting tables, picking up trash and assembly line production become obsolete?
How will the Internet of Things shape the future?
How many technologies are used to manufacture a compact disc? What is the future of physical and portable storage?
If Singularity University wants to inspire and inform, and generally have a greater global impact, why can it not make lectures and talks from their graduate program available to everyone, at least subsequent to the completion of the program?
Are there any activities a human will always be more adept at than AI irrespective of how advanced it becomes?
What are some technologies that are theoretically impossible and will never happen?
Out of all the technology that is possible in the future, which one would have the largest impact on the human standard of living once it is achieved?
Is technology adapted to humans, or vice versa?
Should I look for some other technology other than AS/400 or prepare myself for CAT as it is my career aspiration?
Do you think, generations later, the question of what came first, the OS or the gadget, would pop up?
I am a front end developer with 3 years of experience and a strong desire to continue in my field. What could be the technology in my field that I can adapt for the future?
Technology: What are the economic advantages of computerized machines vs human workers?
Will we as humans ever be able to change the human genetic code to make Parkinson's, Tourette's Syndrome and other neurological diseases an issue of the past?
Why hasn't anyone built a good hoverboard?
What is the best way to gain knowledge on how the future might look like?
Where did the notion that science is somehow cold and soulless stem from?
Which industries are in their "wild west" phases?
I'm 23. It's 2016. Do I still have to care about a retirement plan?
Which technology in computer science has the best future?
What new jobs will be created when the technological singularity is reached?
Will there ever be a time when a salesperson in the field can be replaced effectively by technology?
What should we expect from the new year 2015 generally and specifically, in terms of politics, economics, technology, etc.?
What will be the future of Oracle apps technology? Is it better to move towards Analytics in near future?
What are some things humans will always be limited in? Regardless of how technologically advanced we become, etc., what we will we never be able to achieve?
As advanced technology allows us to quantify more abstract things, will society shift towards utilitarianism?
I am planning a campaign where a communication will go every quarter to the team and would like to move out of the traditional e-mailers and HTML formats. Any suggestions?
What new technologies might be invented in the next 50-100 years to combat environmental degradation?
What is the future of Samsung?
What are the upcoming technologies that are going to be implemented for Solid Waste Management?
What does the future of Apple's 'Pro' applications look like?
Will the rise of social media and technology continue until we are completely disconnected from each other or will society naturally reject it after a point?
What technological hurdles do you assume we will overcome in the next 300 years?
How do you see the usage of cellphones 20 years from now? Will it increase or do you think the technology will completely change?
Is the textile technology MSc program at the University of Manchester considered a good and prospective one? How's it like in the future?
Do you think lining up for food, groceries, and other services will be considered old fashioned in the future due to technology? Why or why not?
Is technology making us more lazy?
Assuming a worst case scenario for global warming (4.5+ C), what technologies would we need to develop to keep Earth habitable?
What are some realistic technologies which could result from the findings in the research article, Genomically encoded analog memory with precise in vivo DNA writing in living cell populations, authored by MIT's Fahim Farzadfard and Timothy K. Lu?
When are drones going to be able to deliver everyday things like groceries, dry cleaning, and dinner?
Looking forward what are the next, probable, asset bubbles to burst in the next 5 years?
What, if any, technological innovation would be required to allow humans to perceive a new color?
When and until every human is living in the lap of luxury what should our focus be?
What will happen to human beings centuries from now?
Is India capable of becoming number one in advanced technology by 2050?
How will society deal with mass unemployment in the impending Second Machine Age, when human labor becomes largely useless?
What is getting worse with time in spite of technological advancement?
Is a YouTube video permanent, even after centuries?
Can humans build a Stargate in the near future?
Technology: Is it correct to say that we have made less progress from year 2000 till today than was made in previous decades?
What will the "digital divide" look like 10 years from now? Will the socio-economic divide that is already happening based on technology advances become exponentially exacerbated? What are the long-term implications of a continuing divide?
What are the future aspects of staying in the infrastructure and cloud computing division in IT?
What new accomplishments will be made in the energy industry in the near future?
Are potential unemployment figures hidden by outdated IT that many companies and even corporations use?
What's a future, potentially disruptive technology or business model that will be anti-competitive and result in a monopoly?
What are some of the cooler applications of nanotechnology?
What are the events in the movie Interstellar that can be possible in the near future?
What technology, once invented, will have the biggest effect on society?
Within ten years, what is the one product you hope will be invented for your own use?
Will technology leave me behind if I don't understand cloud technology?
As technology and physics advance, will quantum communication one day be possible?
Is "The Singularity is Near" by Ray Kurzweil still relevant despite being written a decade ago?
Do you feel sad when you see 1985's expectation of 2015 from "Back to the Future Part II"?
What seems impossible now, that will be possible in the next hundred years?
How can the advancement of technology be used to minimize suffering around the world?
What role will humans take as technology improves and takes over human tasks?
How far will the technology change our life in the next 50 years?
Future of Work: Which are going to be the top 10 requested jobs in 2025?
With technology these days or in the future, can telekinesis be a reality?
What should I pursue after a B. Tech. in CS in the near future if I would like to be holding important posts in technical companies?
Do you think the guy with super speed would be able to beat the sentinels in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
What industries and technologies will provide opportunities for career growth at top tech firms in the coming years?
What would advanced nanotechnology be like? What are its likely limitations?
Is the future of innovation in Silicon Valley or elsewhere?
Where can I see a graph of computing power growth for the next 38 years (2050)?
How will the world be with technology after some 50 years?
Where do you see biotechnology going in 20-30 years?
The Future: What good or bad developments can I see taking place in our world if I live until 2100? 2200?
What will the hospital of the future be like?
What should I read to identify new and upcoming companies that could be quite exciting in the future? Financial reports of some sort? (UK)
The Future: Is the video, "Humans Need Not Apply", accurate in stating that machines will replace most human labor?
Which renewable energy is cheaper than all kinds of non-renewable energy (to generate the same amount of electricity)?
Imagine Earth in 3015. How would you think a daily life would go then?
Say in 200 years, will science and technology lower our thinking and learning skills?
Will evolving AI lead to the technological singularity?
What will all the people whose jobs have been replaced by articificial intelligence do?
What technology has the best chance of replacing gunpowder weapons in the future?
How can I find a job in information technology after being disabled for 10 years?
What could be the possible transformations that this world would undergo by 2050?
Why is an outdated technology like SMS so costly?
If technological singularity is achieved, what use can human beings be to sentient robots?
Do you think nanotechnology or robotics and automation will make the bigger impact on society?
How did storage and memory technologies influence our lives and how will they influence our future lives?
As technologies are emerging in the future what is the future scope of infrastructure services in a storage and backup?
What is good to specialize in, Android app development or web development (HTML, CSS, SQL, etc) or both?
Money: How will people buy electronics in the future?
Does the writing of Civilization: Beyond Earth really reflect how we see future technologies and policies?
If we supposedly hit the technological singularity in 2030 and machines then develop at a rate that is beyond our comprehension, what would be people's guess of what will happen/develop (excluding Skynet scenario)?
Who are some of the most underrated visionaries currently shaping the future of digital technology?
What college majors will see the most technological and scientific innovation under their scopes of study in the coming 20 years?
Some say technology has tapped into the basic need of humans for “validation” (upvotes, likes, favorites). Is this exacerbating our narcissistic tendencies, and what does this mean for our future?
What will conversations be like in a hypothetical future where information and memory of first-hand experience can be transferred instantaneously between two people?
What is the future of the start-up called "VIA"?
How do you envision Quora after 15 years?
Is it technologically and scientifically possible to record someone's dreams yet? If so, how is this done?
When will 3D printers become as common as a microwave?
What will the retail store of the future look like?
Should we be ready to fight, or rather harness, the technological singularity if it ever arises? If yes, how and why?
Which technology has captured the market more till date and will be in the lead in the future, SAP or Android?
Will we reach a point when the majority of jobs are replaced by machines, or will we keep finding new things for us to do?
What is the future of innovation? Internet is full of technology, you think of anything, it's online. What next?
What is the most probable way to create a pillow which records your dreams?
What is the future of simulation in the age of nanotechnology?
How have religions managed to exist & flourish, even with advancements in science & technology, open-minded people and a growing world?
After two years in TCS, I want to learn new technology so I can switch in the future, as the technology which I worked on (i.e. Lansa) has no scope. What technology should I go for?
What will people in the future think about? Will they like what we like today?
Will computers ever be able to have the soul of a human?
How do I best possible model future risks for Organization? (on hold)
In 50 years, will we have the technology to live forever?
Where are we now in term of touchpad technology and related computer science?
What kinds of changes will the world undergo if instant teleportation is possible and becomes very common?
What kind of realistic revolution can improve the general public's well-being considerably in the next 10 years?
Stephen Hawking: We are now technologically advanced. Can't we capture the state of universe to some extent and then predict the future (not exactly but to some extent)?
How is technology going to transform the world in the coming 50 years?
What are some of the latest achievements in food technology, which can be helpful in preventing food crises in the future?
What are some career options available after studying Nanotechnology?
Would would be Internet networks like in 2025?
How would the world be, if in the future, everyone would have an infinite supply of energy and food?
If drivers could send each other (i.e. other proximal drivers) textual messages while driving, what would some popular presets be?
What is life without technology?
Is there a recognized measure to extrapolate the current level of clandestine or secret technologies?
What are some ideas for a play on the topic of futuristic schools?
What is the future of employment?
What amazing inventions and technology will there be in the year 2525?
Will technology destroy society, because it's only a matter of time when human labour will no longer be needed?
What jobs will exist in 10 years that don't exist now and how do I prepare to qualify for them?
Will the Internet be delivered by drones in the future?
How would life be like under the technological singularity?
Why is there so much hurrying in life for everyone? Why do people work day and night as if the world is going to end soon?
Would products like Ear-O-Smart and Smart Jewelry and Accessories be the future of wearable technology?
How futuristic is interstellar travel based on current technology? Is there a Murphy's law that gives a relative estimate?
Would it be a good idea to replace governments with computers in the future?
Do you think that having personal (animatronic or humanoid) robots in every household will be something you will see in your lifetime?
What are the chances that I, being 17 years of age, will live forever, or at least for a very long time based on the ever more frequent technological advancements that are taking place?
What is the future of touchscreen display?
With the ubiquity of big data and the ability for companies and government to track private citizens, how close are we to George Orwell's totalitarian surveillance state as depicted in 1984?
What is the future of ICs (integrated chips)?
Is any doomsday (99%+ end of human life) device possible with today's technology?
Was the invention of the Internet and other information-age technologies an example of a technological singularity?
What will be the possible future of tech start-ups in India? Is there any hope of it gaining impetus in the present scenario of "Make In India" campaign being so vividly propagated?
What is the technology that will dominate the world for the next few years?
How can we integrate technology with human bodies in the future?
Will tablets (or transformers with keyboards) replace traditional laptops in the near future?
Why are we busier than people were 100 years (or 1000 years) before, although we have developed many technologies, sciences, machines, computers, the internet, etc.?
How close are we to an efficient exoskeleton full body suit that can be used by the military?
cyberSurrealism: Do our man-made, information-based systems and technologies service us in the way we originally thought they would?
As AI technology makes some jobs obsolete, will an equal number of new jobs be created?
Is it possible that, in the future, when technology is very advanced, that no one knows the basics of that technology? For example, as we build more and more powerful computers, can we forget how to build a very simple computer without using any software tools?
How might adaptive computing influence the future?
How realistic is a cure for aging within the next 50 years?
What are some mind blowing technologies that are not so popular now?
Will the future be more digital?
Is there a new technology that can replace silicon-based computing hardware?
What is the realistic likelihood that mankind will be able to catch and store lightning economically in the forseeable future as a non-polluting answer to the world's energy demands?
What is the future working in TCS?
Does Duracell really make sense as a long term investment for Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway? Is the future likely to have fewer disposable batteries and more rechargeable ones? Are there any other long term technology issues that could lessen the value of Duracell?
What has Nicholas Negroponte predicted for upcoming decades?
Can technology ever replace the human element in recruitment?
Will people be worshipping the cloud by 2050? Why?
Technology: Ten years from now what electronics will we be carrying?
What kind of smartphones will people use in 3008?
Which technology will have more scope in the future in software development?
What is the future of digital technology? How do you think people will use the internet and digital marketing for their businesses?
When will hologram technologies be used in war?
When can we expect to see the Microsoft HoloLens in India and the world (both)? What will be its tentative price in India, and who will be able to afford it?
Apart from Super HD TV's and cameras, what are the other important scientific and real life application of 4K and even higher display resolutions?
What are some future networking technologies which are currently under development?
What would machines have to sell to one another, assuming a frictionless environment?
What are some concrete examples of new skills and knowledge that can and must be learned due to technological change in the 21st century in order to benefit from higher wage growth?
What will Quora be like in 50 years?
Which books have been written on the technological singularity?
The first human being that will live more than 1000 years is already born. What do you think about that statement?
Which company will influence the world the most in the coming 10-15 years?
What is the future of smart phones?
What STEM skills can I learn now that will be transferrable to something relevant 20 years from now?
What childhood fantasies of yours (technology wise) have become realities?
How far are humans from being able to fly like birds with high-tech equipment attached to their bodies?
How likely is it that the technological singularity has already happend to another alien race in the universe?
Technology: Will Fresno ever become the next Silicon Valley?
How will a software developer be creating value in 10-20 years?
Are we going to have problems with the capacity of the radio spectrum in the near future?
Can we live and feel connected without the current form of internet in the future?
Is the technological singularity much closer than most expect?
According to the current development speed of science and technology, when can we realize the widespread use of combustible ice?
How can we prove that we are not in a technological singularity?
What are some technologies that movies predicted correctly?
From a scientific standpoint, would it be possible in the future to one day build a biological human being through bio 3D printing?
Which high tech weapons and clothing from futuristic games do we have now?
What do you think about the soon-to-be-launched Project Ara?
Will the population in India rise or fall in the next decade?
How long until there aren't many jobs?
How do you envision the city of the future?
Does a stock fall under the umbrella of the Internet of Things?
What features would 5G mobile phones have in the future?
Can workers be retrained as productive high tech workers?
Where are we going with the Internet, computers and cell phones in the next 50 years?
The Future: What about life in 2020 would shock people in 2015?
What are some possible applications of having knowledge of future events?
What is the future of hospitality?
How will the use of multirotors change filmmaking by 2020?
Do you think steam cars could return in the future with all the technology we have?
In how many years from now will the entire world get normalized under the Internet?
In modern times of affordable gadgets and smartphones, is it common to see people busy in clicking the moments instead of enjoying them thoroughly?
Which futuristic device can replace the cellphone in the far future?
Which technology will be in demand for the next 5 years?
So I recently watched the movie "Her" and now that Microsoft has integrated Cortana into Windows 10 and introduced Hololens, does anyone else see how fast the future is catching up to us?
In 30 years will medical technology have evolved enough to offer someone in their 80s another 30 years of life?
How is it possible that people were coming up with better ideas hundreds of years ago?
How does holographic technology help businesses in the future?
Does TiVo have a future?
What are the current and future regulation challenges for the collaborative economy?
What is the future of doing an M.Tech in mechanical from the Defense Institute of Advanced Technology?
Will we ever be able to 3D print vinyl records without compromising the high quality sound of traditional analog?
With the existence of many online tools (Mobile IM, Facebook, WhatsApp) do you think the email technology will be dead in the next 5 years?
My first cell phone, Nokia 3310, in 11 years became extinct and now those kinds of phone look like stone age technology. What will be the concept of cell phones or communication technology after 10 years?
Is it possible for the whole Internet to ever go down? How or why not?
What are the different scenarios of humans going extinct in the technological singularity?
What role will Wikipedia and Quora play at the time of technological singularity?
As new technologies continue to improve quality of life and make it easier and easier to be content, how can one stay motivated?
Why is it a common belief that a reliance on technology is detrimental to the future of our species?
Will we be able to watch Blu-ray movies on mobile phones in the future?
In the future, will technology be advanced enough to be able to travel back or forward in time?
What do people working in the technology sector want to see from the next UK government?
What are the applications of nanotechnology?
Are we empowering social media networks with enough database information to manipulate and dictate the world by deciding what would be the world's next big thing?
Of all the scientific understanding of today, which is most likely to seem stupid in 100 years?
Why did the US withdraw funding from the SWORDS robot program?
How were the Tamils defeated in Sri Lanka, and in the reality of the country, how will their future likely pan out?
Is the technology in the future, let's say 2500 C.E., physically possible to make in the present day?
What is the future of drones in India? What are the steps taken for drones by the government in the recent past? How can an individual use drones for various purposes, which are beneficial for the public only?
Could wifi and/or 3G/4G signals be used to wirelessly charge mobile and computer devices?
Then v/s Now: What are the things that are changed in these 10-20 years?
What are the best arguments supporting Technological unemployment?
Does raising the minimum wage eliminate jobs by increasing the level of Technological unemployment?
What is the best example of technology that illustrates the 'future is now'?
What will the human experience be 50 million years from now, if we keep improving our technology?
Which streaming services will be the must-haves in the next few years?
Why have train conductors yet to be replaced by automated computer systems?
If Lord of the Rings was remade in the future, 15-20 years+ from now, would it surpass the greatness of the previous movies, considering the technologies that would be available in the future?
Is it possible that at one time in the future, technology will be saturated and won't be able to go further?
How can advanced nuclear energy technologies (such as HTGR, SFR and MSR) play a role in the international energy landscape of the future, in terms of safety, security and waste generation?
How plausible is the development of a manned mechanical air-craft broomstick in the future? How would it ideally be designed?
I would like to work in one of these fields: Robotic exoskeletons, internet of things, UAVs, self-driving cars, 3D printing, wearable devices or other disruptive sectors that can change the way people perceive technology. How do I work towards that?
What are the current and future stages of big data and cloud computing?
Which technologies from the movie "Her" can we expect to see in our lifetime?
What will be the future of Google, Apple and Samsung after 50 years?
How do hoverboards work?
What if I am afraid of the future, technology-wise?
Would 3D printing be massively embraced in furniture design and application in the future?
Why do people believe technology is making the world better when it's also making many things worse?
What will the future look like in terms of technology?
When will agriculture be taken care of by robots?
Why do some algorithms stop learning (e.g., stop using historical data, as a predictor of future performance)?
Will technological innovation eliminate most human jobs in the future?
What will the world look like in 500 years? What will be the population estimates, major powers in the world, evolution, extinct species, technology and life expectancy?
What is an electromagnetic pulse bomb? What is the technology behind it and how effective is it? Is it feasible? Can we see it being used in near future?
What will be the next thing after holograms?
How will AI advance in the next 10 years? No, really.
Do you think millennials will become inept to future technology like some of our parents are now?
Do you think tech valuations will go down in the future?
I believe, one day soon, Wi-Fi will be available to every corner of the world through satellite, and may be free. What will happen to companies that sell phone services and cable services then?
What are some things that will be better in the next 10 years than they are today?
If you could put 3 items in a time capsule to be opened in 200 years, what would they be?
Could genetics uncover the key to immortality within the next 30 years as Ray Kurzweil suggests?
Is there a chance that Apple/Samsung/LG might launch a hybrid laptop/tablet in the near future?
How will the technology change after 5 years?
Apart from Super HD TV's and cameras, what are the other important scientific and real life application of 4K and even higher display resolutions?
Will Apple adopt Bitcoin in the future with its mobile pay NFC technology?
What is the future of a Quiz App in India?
How will technology change warfare over the next 20 to 30 years?
What will be the future home automation feature that people won't be able to live without?
Why aren't there mega projects happening in the US?
How will human hands evolve or change due to widespread use of keyboards and mice in the next 500 - 1000 years?
Is it reasonable to assume that many major issues currently confronting humanity will be solved by 2100?
What's going to change and what's not going to change in the future?
The first human being that will live more than 1000 years is already born. What do you think about that statement?
Can you describe the world in 2025?
I heard many people say "Internet is going to collapse in 2023". What does collapse mean here and why is this collapse about to happen?
What tech innovations will be huge in the next 30 years?
What is the future of smart phones?
In the future, do you think technology will allow us to buy a roundtrip ticket to the mentally disordered worlds?
What STEM skills can I learn now that will be transferrable to something relevant 20 years from now?
How will wars be fought in 50 years' time?
Once Verizon shuts down their 3G network does that mean 3G phones will no longer work?
Since the Iron Man Arc Reactor is possible in the future, why not start now to research the possibilities?
Why is the pace of development in transportation lesser when compared to the pace of development in communication?
How likely is it that the technological singularity has already happend to another alien race in the universe?
How will politics be in the future?
Will humans ever be completely replaced by machines in trading?
How will a software developer be creating value in 10-20 years?
What is the real gain in being able to switch things remotely as being promoted by the Internet of Things (IOT)?
What will the computer be like in 50 years with regard to hardware and software?
Why are so many people predicting the death of the smart watch within an year?
According to the BLS, employment of electrical and electronics engineers is only projected to grow 4% over the next 10 years, slower than the average for all occupations. Why do they predict this?
Will the Star Trek basic income payment come true in the next 10 years?
Even if the technology was possible, are flying cars a good idea?
Technology: Are electric airplanes possible in the future?
Will it be possible in the future for computers to populate by themselves by creating a merge copy of 2 different systems, therefore creating diversity among systems and electronics devices?
How will the Internet of Things change everything?
Will tech still be a good industry for future billionaires in the next 50 years?
How will a technological singularity affect capitalism and the market?
Are we going to see videos through radio(AM/FM) in the near future?
If you could ask an all-knowing supercomputer three questions, what would they be?
How do I predict, manage, and track the rapid exponential pace of change and breakthroughs? How can I predict and track its current and future consequences?
What are the new or old software technologies/languages which are high in demand in the IT sector, and will remain in the future?
Can workers be retrained as productive high tech workers?
In terms of technology, what is the future of hotels?
What do you think are the most important achievements human kind has made during the last 15 years?
Will we ever see a day when advances in technology could prevent death?
Why do we think of the future as very high technology?
What is the future of education technology?
Researchers at Stanford University have created a prototype aluminium battery that can be fully recharged in one minute. If we take into account 3D printing and Elon Musk's Tesla success, are we witnessing a new industrial revolution?
What are some possible applications of having knowledge of future events?
Will there be Apple motorbikes too?
What effect will robots have in the manufacturing sector and how does one enter the field of industrial robotics?
What will be the most groundbreaking products with augmented reality?
What improvements will Microsoft make to Hololens over the next five to ten years?
How will the use of multirotors change filmmaking by 2020?
Technology: Will the exponential growth of supercomputers ever slow?
How does virtual reality help us in the future?
Is there a possibility of a transatlantic road bridge in the next 50 years?
When will the military become obsolete?
What is your opinion about on-demand economy and its progress in the near future?
Won't humans become irrelevant as our technology eventually surpasses the capabilities and intelligence of our own minds and bodies?
With today's technology, why do hotels still feel the need to provide wake up calls? Will they ever stop providing them?
How good is the IIIT-D? What are its future prospects?
If somehow in the future, the speed of light could be broken by man made machines, could we create some sort of time travel?
Why did the writers of Blade Runner think technology would be so advanced by 2019?
Future transportation, do we want it today?
I am 14. What are some things I should know that will help me the next 10 years? What are some useful things that I can do that I will benefit from in the future?
Will handwritten language become obsolete?
Does TiVo have a future?
What jobs will be around in the future besides STEM jobs?
What are two alternative views of humanity's future?
With the existence of many online tools (Mobile IM, Facebook, WhatsApp) do you think the email technology will be dead in the next 5 years?
At what point will 3D printers be able to make themselves?
What is the next big thing in modern day medical science?
For what reasons might Windows 10 fail?
Will there ever be a replacement for the Scantron any time soon?
When might we expect to see a working spacecraft with an EM drive?
Millions if not billions of years in the future if the human race would able to survive, can we reach a point where everything is known already? Nothing more to be discovered or improved?
Are we empowering social media networks with enough database information to manipulate and dictate the world by deciding what would be the world's next big thing?
In the future, will it be possible to trade with energy instead of cash?
Which company will be remembered 100 years from now, Apple or Google?
What's the current stage of full immersion virtual reality?
How may urban drone surveillance affect our privacy in the near future?
What is the future scope of SharePoint?
Regardless of the discussion about who copied who, what will the next genuine step up, be in the smartphones?
How does one identify if the market is going to quickly grow in the future?
When is capitalism going to fall?
What technology will disappear in the next 20 years?
What will be the (near) future topics in information systems research?
What effect will process technology reaching its limit have on the near and distant future of electronics industry?
How has the technology moved on for rocket engines in the last 50 years? What innovations have occurred that are likely to be seen in the next 50 years?
What do you think we will be able to achieve with technology by the year 2025?
Is it possible that human surgeons will be replaced by robots in the near future?
Will it be possible for people from the future to see what I have seen all my life (like a movie)?
How can you access the computer of the future?
What will the human experience be 50 million years from now, if we keep improving our technology?
Which streaming services will be the must-haves in the next few years?
How might high altitude servic platforms (HAP) influence social networking in the future?
How will programming change technology and the world after 50 years?
Will doctors be out of jobs because of online diagnoses in the next 50 years?
Will there be technology to upload our memories, thoughts, knowledge and skills into a database from our brains by the year 2134?
Can the Tesla Powerwall/Powerpack technology contribute to "world peace" by reducing conflicts over energy (mostly oil)?
Is it possible that at one time in the future, technology will be saturated and won't be able to go further?
What is the future of Apple?
What will the car be like in 2050?
How do ions and memristors work? Are they really the way of the future?
What are the current and future stages of big data and cloud computing?
Which technologies from the movie "Her" can we expect to see in our lifetime?
What kind of game/application features will the Vulkan technology allow in 2025?
Any predictions for what the world will experience in the next 100 years?
Can we use machine learning to predict the future?
How long until mail delivery becomes obsolete?
Can we live on the moon some day?
What is the main source of energy (by type of fuel) being built in India and China over the next 10 years? Is it coal, gas, oil, renewables or nuclear?
What effect will technology have on kids less than 5 years old when they are about 25 or 30?
When will technology liberate us from the toil of labor, in food production, transportation, and other manual tasks?
What parts of our lives do you imagine we'll automate in the future?
When do you expect the Internet of Things to actually globalise?
What do you think is the possibility of success for a decent MMORPG being programmed with virtual reality in the next 5 years?
Are any countries at risk of experiencing a human population collapse in the next 20 years? What are they and why?
Would it be possible in the future to buy sleep?
What is the future of home surveillance?
Given a choice and when the technology becomes feasible, would you opt to extend your lifespan and physical capabilities by becoming a cyborg?
Is there any existing or upcoming technology that can replace dialysis?
What could be the future of C++ in the next 10 years?
What will be the next thing after holograms?
If the world were to be robbed of a 100 years worth of technological advancement, how would life have been today?
In the same vein as the Atomic Bomb and the Internet, what is the next radical technology that will forever change the world?
I think IoT will rule the future technology. How can we make IoT devices of low cost?
Is the Buzztouch app builder worth the effort? Does its lack of native features make it obsolete?
How could I encode something that even people with technology a century from now couldn't decode?
I believe, one day soon, Wi-Fi will be available to every corner of the world through satellite, and may be free. What will happen to companies that sell phone services and cable services then?
What is the future of imaging science?
Within the next ten years, what will the biggest breakthroughs in medicine be? (tech, cure, etc.)
Does Jimmy Wales think Wikipedia will cease to exist in the near future?
What are the prospects of nanotechnology in medical science?
Will there come a time in the (maybe distant) future when Quora's algorithms will choose the best answers without the need of humans (up/downvotes, PeopleRank, etc.)?
If you could put 3 items in a time capsule to be opened in 200 years, what would they be?
Is information technology the future or how many years will it be in the industry?
Can the world live without electronic gadgets in the future?
What are the names of some (around 15) nano-materials along with their applications in modern and possible future industries?
If a fiber-based economy meant you could build a new village or town based on the quality of life, what would it look or feel like? What would make it the most wonderful place in the world to live? What would it have to enable you in order to fulfill your needs and pursue your aspirations?
What technologies did Ellen Stofan have in mind when she said that we could have a definitive proof of ETI in next 30 years?
Is there a chance that Apple/Samsung/LG might launch a hybrid laptop/tablet in the near future?
Is it helpful for parents If I develop a 2-hour seminar about harnessing technology for their child's best future?
Will Apple adopt Bitcoin in the future with its mobile pay NFC technology?
What's the future of typing on smartphones?
What are the uses of snake robots to mankind in the near future?
How do identities shape technology and business in the context of today, as well as for the future?
Why current human race has no clue of the technology and engineering methods of structures created even few hundred years ago?
Can you describe the world in 2025?
How can I get more information about Google's smart contact lenses?
Considering the threats we face, will humans survive the next 100 years?
What effects may urban drone surveillance have on our society in the near future?
Can smart technology really take us to a planetary civilization level?
In the future, will computers make human intellectual endeavours obsolete, as computers, not humans, become the new problem-solvers?
How will politics be in the future?
What are the benefits and challenges of delivering by drones in the future?
What is the real gain in being able to switch things remotely as being promoted by the Internet of Things (IOT)?
Will we have smartphone batteries that last for a week in the near future?
What is the future of tactile pavements? What is the most advanced existing technology which helps blind and disabled people navigate in the city?
What tech in the near future will mean we don't have to make passwords for online accounts anymore?
What is the future we are moving to? What is artificial intelligence?
If you could paint your own future for the next 20 years, how would it look like?
What will archaeologists of the future be able to learn about the Information Age?
What is the future of reconfigurable computing? What will be the advances in the coming years in the field?
In the future, 50 years from now, there will be a lot of cars flying about over the roofs of our houses. How will we be able to protect ourselves from the failing vehicles falling down?
Technology: Are electric airplanes possible in the future?
What do you think will be the next bio technology item / thing to take off in the next two years?
Will tech still be a good industry for future billionaires in the next 50 years?
How will a technological singularity affect capitalism and the market?
Will future technology be able to move Earth out of its orbit?
What is Quora going to be after 10 years of evolution, till 2025?
How will technological development change the relative attractiveness of living centrally?
What advances will we make with DNA technology in 30 years?
How do you see news changing in the near future?
How do I predict, manage, and track the rapid exponential pace of change and breakthroughs? How can I predict and track its current and future consequences?
What are other great essays similar to Vaclav Smil's The Next 50 Years?
Will fast charging use up more electricity than normal charging?
I am researching which applications could use GaN HEMTs, but what is going to replace these transistors in terms of superior performance? What is the next generation of power/high speed transistor that will come after the GaN HEMT?
What advancements are happening in medicine now? What advancements will happen in the future?
What are examples of countries that chose to hoard a valuable resource until it became obsolete?
What are the current possible and practical applications that could be developed using EEG headbands?
Will everyone be jobless in the future because of automation?
What do you think are the most important achievements human kind has made during the last 15 years?
What are the chances that an affordable true AI companion would be available in the next 50 years?
Do you think there will be a social network better than Facebook in the future?
Why do we think of the future as very high technology?
Who are the most outstanding futurists alive?
Is this statement true: "The Blockchain will be to assets what the Internet was to information?"
I really think Tesla was on to something with his Tesla towers. Do you think we'll ever have wireless power? Does not having Tesla towers hold our potential back (ex: electric cars, planes, any other motor) or was the power grid really the best way to go?
What is the process and how do you create the exterior of products such as Nest, GoPro, Dyson Fans?
Is it theoretically possible in the future that everybody has several bodies, and rather than traveling we could just transfer our consciousness to our other body in another place?
What will happen if there will be no internet in future?
Are there any companies that are working on artificial intelligent systems such as those shown in the movie Her (2013)?
What is the future of our life when we speak of DT (data technology)?
What will the world look like in 2075?
Philosophy of Human Intelligence: What will happen first: If humans create a software program that is capable of learning and expressing emotions, or if humans find a way to scan and copy the brain in a way that preserves learning and emotional capabilities?
What would be the best future technology in computers that's going to play a vital role? And what would be the best resource for that technology, if I want to master it by myself?
Is augmented reality the beginning of the future technology?
What is the scope of power electronics in the next 20 years for pursuing an MTech in India for an electrical BTech undergraduate?
Does anybody feel old when seeing the technological advancements of today while being a 20-year-old?
In what way will Internet of Things impact us?
What is that incident in the past that has put smiles on your face and has the probability of repeating itself in the near future?
How do you imagine phones in 2050?
How will Quora be 50 years later?
What is internet today and what will it be in future?
Will high tech devices take charge of people's life in the next decade?
Do any structures built in the last 50 years have a chance of being here 1000 years from now?
At what point will 3D printers be able to make themselves?
What will happen when everything is automatic?
How would the people from Bangladesh be using Facebook after 50 years?
What are the advanced/futuristic technological possibilities with a consistent and infinite (power) source of energy?
Will there ever be a replacement for the Scantron any time soon?
What crazy thing can you think of that we will have in the future?
Will the US military (or any other nation) attempt to design and build a real-life Iron Man suit?
Is Peter Thiel's deceleration of progress-criticism wrong because GDP (the measure a large part of his line of reasoning depends on) does not reflect the economic reality generated by technology?
How would it be possible to see the future if choice creates unlimited possibilities?
Willl we have weapons capable of destroying planets in the near future?
What will be the greatest global issue in the next 50 years?
Why is the euro rate falling at an alarming rate? Is it going to recover? What would make it gain its former strength? Would it be possible in the near future?
Which profession will be adding the most value to society in the foreseeable future?
Do you think facial recognition technology will someday surpass humans' abilities to recognize one another?
Are there going to be technologies that will allow already living humans to live much longer?
Will the Namecoin P2P DNS or a similar technology ever enter the mainstream use?
Are people going to be rated and starred in the near future? Will that change how society works?
Regardless of the discussion about who copied who, what will the next genuine step up, be in the smartphones?
What would be your advice to a middle schooler in terms of what to expect over the next ten years and how can they best position themselves in school and career wise for the future with rapidly advancing technology and changing educational landscape?
What are some jobs that will be in high demand in the next 10 years or so in the SAARC region?
Which promising field of technology are you studying or building a business in and why?
How has the technology moved on for rocket engines in the last 50 years? What innovations have occurred that are likely to be seen in the next 50 years?
What do you think we will be able to achieve with technology by the year 2025?
Which tech jobs are safe from automation over the next 30 years?
With all the scientific inventions that we are doing these days, is it possible to go into the future by one second?
Will there be technology to upload our memories, thoughts, knowledge and skills into a database from our brains by the year 2134?
Which is going to rule the future tech world: Java or c#?
What would be some unusual useful uses of 3D printing?
Can I expect a holographic presentation in the next generation of smartphones?
What are some demographic shifts we might anticipate should designer genetics technology become feasible in our lifetime?
Which person looks down upon people more in the following two cases?
What currently uninhabited planet would be the best to set up a colony on?
What are the examples of technology that are theoretically possible but are centuries or more away from being invented?
Is there any scope for pilots in the coming years?
What sort of technology will allow humans to build colossal structures in space?
Elon Musk and his associated companies are doing some great work using technology and engineering to advance our world. Who else (either companies or people) is doing similarly exciting work with technology right now?
Which technology has a better future for the IT sector?
Could the future internet technologies (search engines and social networks) answer this kind of questions like: "where are my keys?"?
Are any countries at risk of experiencing a human population collapse in the next 20 years? What are they and why?
What businesses will be disrupted by AI in the near future?
How could the internet potentially be surpassed and replaced?
Will history be recorded in a more accurate and detailed way? (Due to modern technology)
Which science fiction novels realistically predict future technology?
What technologies would we need to make an expansion through the solar system/galaxy (including population migration and trade) feasible?
I think IoT will rule the future technology. How can we make IoT devices of low cost?
What are the things that are existing now, which were not even thought of 100 years ago?
What are the top cons/scams from the past 5 years until today?
After 2030, what will the future work in IT industries be?
Is information technology the future or how many years will it be in the industry?
Can we be reborn due to genetic recombination in the near future?
How do I hold a successful voluntary party in honor of a ten year anniversary?
Are there any movies about the Technological Singularity?
If you would suddenly find yourself and 50 others on Earth with absolutely none of the tools humankind has manufactured/developed so far, what would be the first thing you would do besides survival?
Considering the exponential development of technology, in how many years will an aging death free society be possible?
When will SMSes be obsolete?
Which careers and skills will survive technological automation in the next 50-100 years?
We've had the personal computer, internet, cell phones, what will be the next great technological discovery that will innovate the way we live?
How do you think the emerging technology of drones will advance within the next 100 years?
Which may be the best way to improve urban transport in the future?
What is the future of IBM Cognos (Varicent) in the IT market? Is it a stable technology on which I can rely on for my future growth?
What is the most rewarding and the most needed profession or knowledge one needs to have in order to succeed in Silicon Valley today and in the next 10 years?
Will programming become obsolete as a profession?
What do you make of Murli Manohar Joshi's statement that Ganga can't be cleaned in 50 years?
What kinds of suppliers are most likely to benefit from the coming 'internet of things' boom?
How many years will pass until we get robots like Chappie?
What are the biggest challenges that the Internet of Things (IoT) will face in the future according to you?
What are some technological improvements that will come about in the next 50 years?
What would be the future direction of AI research after ten years?
Technology: Is it possible, in the near future, that NASA will be able to send missions to Alpha Centauri?
What are the dangers of CRISPR technology and how will it be regulated?
How will the next generation learning spaces be?
Realistically, how long does humankind have to wait for self-sustaining colonies throughout the solar system?
Why are there so little companies developing human enhancement/augmentation products/technologies?
What is the future of healthcare using technology?
What jobs will robots free up in the future and what jobs will it increase?
Which will be more popular 10 years from now, Twitter or Snapchat?
What capabilities and limitations should computers be programmed to have at the point of the technological singularity?
How far into the future can one accurately predict the state of technology?
What are the career prospects of a PHP/Java programmer like in the next 10 years?
Has the internet ruined mankind and mankind's future?
If robots will do everything for us, what will we do?
How do you predict future technologies no one have seen coming or thought of before?
If we have free audio calls, video calls and messages from several providers, why do we want to keep paying for phone services?
How important will tablet computing be for professions in the future?
What are the implications of the Internet for liberation movements?
How can anticipating issues raised by the technological singularity inform our approach to solving current problems?
Are there any jobs for doctors in Australia, who have crossed the 50s?
What are some cool futuristic projects in progress by popular companies of the world that are worth knowing?
What is the best book for a general audience that gives an overview of the history and possible future of the biotechnology field in the way we have repeatedly seen the story of digital technology laid out?
How did people 50 years ago predict the world would look like today (advance in technology, etc.)? How accurate were they?
What features might the smartphones of 2025 have?
Is Sword Art Online- like technology likely in the near future?
What will smartphones be like ten years from now?
What would a future microprocessor architecture technology be for mobility purpose?
Will gene doping become rampant in the near future?
How long will it take for Far Field wireless electricity (a.k.a. "Witricity") to be mainstream technology available for all devices?
If the Warm-hole was made in future, In what way they Fix the destination to other Dimensions?
How likely is it that by the year 2050, human life expectancy will be more than 200 years?
In what year will the singularity occur?
How can one see the future of the telepresence industry?
If I purchase a new unopened box of an iPhone 6 today and after 50 years open the box and power it on, will it work?
What is next for me?
Would ages change in the future?
Will the average life span continue to increase for humans as our technology and medicine become more advanced?
Would Steve Jobs have predicted the future and passed it on to the present boss at Apple?
Where is the aeronautical/aerospace industry heading within the next few years? How do I keep up with this industry?
What matters for future Python or Scala?
Is 3D printing as a career bright in the future?
What are some world changing biotech innovations in the last 10 years? What kinds of innovations may come out in the next 10 years?
How much will a driverless transit system in the US add to GDP?
Will an overall increase in intelligence and technology eventually destroy religion and the primitive instinct of violence?
What will the most interesting areas of neuroscience research be over the next 10 years?
What will Google be like in the next 25 years?
What is greatest technology we will have within 50 years that we don't have now?
Why is the word "singularity" used to describe things beyond human technological advancement?
How has the internet infrastructure evolved over time and what is its future?
If the internet is a global platform why do Google and a lot of other internet services e.g. Netflix, Spotify, etc. limit their services to only a few countries, and is there a chance it might get better in the near future?
What could be something we are heavily reliant on currently but is likely to become obsolete in the near future (5-10 years time)?
What would computer be like 50 years later?
How could ISB in just 14 years of existence develop as an international brand which none of the IIMs ever could?
What medical advancements are we close to achieving?
When will Gurgaon become a smart city?
Will we have flexible smartphones in the future?
What will a website look like in 10 years? Will they be self-maintaining (i.e. Grid)?
We hold the ability to connect globally in the palm of our hands. What will we hold in our hand, say, two hundred years from now that will represent the leap in technology the smart phone has?
Which was more difficult given the time and technology: landing a man on the moon in 1969 or the plot of Interstellar in a "not too distant future"?
What are the entrepreneurship opportunities in healthcare during the next 30 years?
When will the next revolution in the human society take place?
What will be the prospects of 23andMe in the near future in light of the FDA's authorization for their genetic test and their announced collaborations with Genentech and Pfizer?
When will the smartphone era that the iPhone 1 introduced in 2007 be over?
What kind of jobs besides technology will be in demand in the future?
What are the best careers to work in Toronto, Canada for the next 10 years?
Technology: Will Air Travel Exist in future?
What has the Internet made obsolete?
Is there any future developments in Manikonda area in Hyderabad?
Which professions are most likely to disappear in near future?
What is the best IT technology to study which will be on demand for the next decade?
How are we going to keep our internet-connected devices secure as the Internet of Things continue to evolve in the future for both personal and business purposes?
They say that computer/IT was the 1990-age, then what technology is the future?
Do the pros outweigh the cons associated with these advancements in robotics?
What advancements are happening in mathematics now? What advancements will happen in the future?
Is it possible in the near future that ISRO will be sending a spaceship with a manned vehicle?
In the near future, can man possibly hike and reach the summit of Olympus Mons?
If you had an opportunity to bioengineer any artificial tissue or organ, which one would it be and why?
Is the future of robotics science, technology, engineering and mathematics going to be LEGO-ized, or some other advanced concept?
Since a lot of today jobs are getting replaced by machines, what will tomorrow jobs be?
Will future technology ever go beyond our reach?
Will there continue to be prepaid phone companies that offer unlimited data in the future?
What is some everyday technology today that would also be around us two decades later?
Are written communication methods due to technology like emails and texting, causing a decline in verbal skills? Are our abilities to communicate verbally and face-to-face endangered?
Can future technology make us immortal? It is just a hypothetical scenario against natural consent. If it is possible, what would happen as a consequence?
What will iOS be like in the next 25 years?
What are some professions that will disappear in the future due to technology and automation?
How powerful could Egypt and South Africa be in the next 20 years?
What will the Android platform be like in the next 25 years?
What are some facts that only the human body can do which cannot be done by any future technology?
What is the future of SailfishOS?
What website would have the future products like 'pitcher that produces its own juice' 'towel that absorbs water' etc.?
Steve Wozniak and Elon Musk believe humans will become pets for superintelligent machines. Do you agree? Why or why not?
In what ways would the field of documentary-making change in the next decade?
Is there any scope of mainframe technology now or in upcoming future?
Is it really true that robots will take over so many jobs in the UK in the next 20 years? And how about the US?
Will the current system we are in (monetary-based economy) fail within the next decade?
Will scientific and/or technological progress saturate at some point and stop? Can humans grab all the science present in nature?
There are new TVs supporting Android. Will the Android TV be a success in the near future?
What is the future and scope of cloud computing, worldwide and in Nepal?
What will be the most important technological/scientific discovery of the next 30 years?
What is the future of industrial automation in hyderabad in the next few years?
How will the corporate lifestyle be in the next generation?
Can paper notes and coins be completely replaced by technology in the future?
Will iOS and OS X survive the next 15 years as of June 2015?
Ten years back there were no Android phones. What kind of technology changes might we see in ten years from now, that is in 2025?
What can the US do to bring back 25% of the manufacturing being outsourced in China right now in 10 years?
Will we continue to have technology for the blind in the future?
What is the future of augmented reality?
Will it be possible to "download" content in our brains?
If A.I. is coming for all our jobs, what are the chances we'll find long-term solutions in integrating biology with technology to stay ahead, living in a post-scarcity society, or preventing technological progress?
Are we capable of becoming immortal in the future with nanotechnology?
Are iBeacon or augmented reality really the technologies of the future?
Of all the technologies presented in Back to the Future part II, which one(s) would you like to see most in the future?
What comes after apps? Will we move onto something more permanent or is the web still the future?
What is the likelihood that Google will be overtaken by another search engine in the next 10 years?
What will Window OS be like in the next 25 years?
What will the science and technology be like 1000 years from now?
Will devices in the future support Braille displays?
What is the future impact of smartphone usage in humans?
When might we see 500TB hard drives on the market?
Will the future of headphones/earbuds look alike?
What actually is the "Internet of Things" (IoT), which is regarded as the future of connectivity by Cisco and many other companies?
How will life be at early 22nd century?
Will everyone be able to interact with the Internet of Things in the future?
Are we heading into a dark age when automation takes up everyone's jobs and a few who own the machines rule the world?
Is the Hadoop framework technology useful for the future?
What are some good documentaries about the future in the general sense?
With the advent of phones with some real good specs becoming cheap, what would be the situation of high-end phones in the future?
What are some possible technology innovations we could get to know and enjoy in the next 50 years?
Can we expect a Yuphoria Plus in the near future?
Will smart watches or technology implanted under the skin become the big tech of the future?
What should one expect from the future generations considering children smoothly operating gadgets these days?
How are encryption methods going to change in the future?
How is working on Splunk Technology, What is future of it from career point of view?
Do you think desktop PCs will ever become obsolete?
How close is medicine and science to enabling deaf people to hear?
What is the future of the tech industry?
When will we know that the singularity is here and now?
What are some growing industries in the next ten years that I should invest in?
What is the scope of Android Wear in the near future?
If braille won't be supported in the future how will deaf-blind people use braille displays and other braille devices in the future?
Is motion sensor technology the future?
What is a practical pathway to transhumanism?
Do we face an Elysium (the 2013 movie) like future?
Will our system of government have to change in order to comply with the exponential rate of technological growth and the society-changing innovations that will appear in the coming years?
What will teaching children about their parent's friends and family be like in 10 years, will we be browsing Facebook like a photo album?
Does android have a future?
Where do you think the 3D printing business will be in ten years?
What futuristic technology/innovation should we invest in? And which may have the highest ROI?
Is PowerBuilder good? I have recently joined a company as a fresher and I am going to get training and project on PowerBuilder? Is it a good technology according to future growth?
What is the future scope of IBM WODM technology?
Based upon what we know today, what important technology innovation needs development within the next five years?
What will be the biotech innovation that democratizes everyone giving us all model good looks?
What new gadget or device will be common place in 30 years?
How can sensors in the "Internet of Things" be recycleable?
How will aviation evolve in the next 50 years?
How fast will computers be 50 years from now?
Will Hadoop be still there 30 years from now?
Besides tech, which industries will have a guaranteed future in the next 50-60 years?
What is a tech bubble?
Has the rate of technological growth affected the rapidity of social or civil progress?
Will we have these type of computers in the near future?
How much has the world changed in the last five years? What are some of the best and worst differences overall?
Could food for basic dietary needs one day be provided by the government due to GMO technology advancements?
Besides silicon, what other raw materials were turned into modern world technologies?
What would be the next the fourth industrial revolution?
How would the technology trend be in 10 years from now?
If we really wanted to, could we make the ultimate time capsule?
What can be the possible alternative of webs in the near future?
What is the drawback in the next generation of firewalls using DPI technique?
What technologies with the potential to alter the social and economic order have existed for the past 20 years, but have remained relatively or completely unused?
Will Guwahati develop in the near future?
How will the translation industry change within the next 25 years?
What is the likelihood of Google buying/merging with Verizon in the near future?
Will they still have braille displays and better braille technology for the blind in the future?
In the next 10,000 years, will humans evolve physically and mentally, and how?
Will Linux still be here 30 years from now?
How much better will medicine and technology be in around 10-15 years?
What will the year 2090 be like? Here are some things to think about. What are some good and bad developments between now and 2090? What issues will be controversial 75 years from? How will technology change?
Are we overestimating ourselves in terms of the the technological advanced humans will make in the centuries to come?
As a senior COBOL developer, should I do PMP or learn some new technology, like big data or ETL, to save my future?
What will the world look like in 20 years? What role will nano, AI, robotics, genetics play? How will they affect our daily lives?
Will solar technology change the way we live?
What will be the future of flight services after 50 years in India?
In what types of intelligence, will computers surpass humans?
Will there be better technology for the blind in the future?
Will it be possible for individuals to own rockets (cost wise) for space travel in the near future?
What new braille devices will be out in the future?
Could it be possible one day to live as hologram cartoons with computerized brains?
What will cities be like in 2050?
Can we make a flying car with the state's current EmDrive technology?
Will there always be prepaid cell phone companies that will offer unlimited everything?
When will robotic fast food restaurants become the norm?
Technology has changed drastically in past 30 years, but when I see electric polls I see them almost same like 30 years back. Are we lacking technological improvement in electrical field which is responsible for generation and transmission of power?
How will future technology affect the poor?
Can a super computer create the most efficient human language someday in the near future?
What are good postgrad programs that would tackle the future of cities?
What will warfare in 2040 look like?
When 3D printing becomes more widespread, and people can 3D print whatever they want how will it effect the way we live?
Would you relive some periods of your past if technology allowed us to do so?
Will the technological advancements continue to save humanity from problems and crises we encountered in the future?
How different do you think you would be now if these technologies didn't arise in the last 20 years?
Will blindness and deafness be cured in 25 years?
Sports: Do you think one day technology such as drones, biosensors, 3-D computer imaging, etc., will make referees and umpires obsolete?
Do you think we'll be immortal in 25-30 years from now?
Will there be Hadoop MapReduce 10 years from now (not talking about Hadoop other ecosystem tools)?
Will more cell phone carriers start offering unlimited data in the future?
What will Technology Be Like in the 2020's I heard that its Gonna be Awesome and Is that true?
What will be the next big tech company (like Apple is now) in 20 years?
How far is science from creating the miracle-generator?
How much of the content that is currently available on the internet will still exist in some form in 1000 years?
What will be the next physical storage medium after the compact disc?
What are upcoming industries/technologies that will change the world and create multi-billion dollar industries like Microsoft and Apple did?
What is the future of the BIM technology in India?
When will iBeacons become mainstream?
Which three Latin American countries have the brightest economies in the next 10 years?
What do you think about the ASIC verification engineer careers in the next 10 to 15 years?
Is the Arab Spring going to end in the next 50 years?
Will SIM cards be eliminated from mobile phones in the near future?
When will the exponential growth in technology hit a vertical straight line at which point the singularity will create the future world apart from the control of any human?
Is it okay to spend huge amount of money in finding planets which are hundred's of light years away, which cannot be reached with the current or near future or maybe distant future technology and then pat each other's back for that finding?
What is the future of 3D UI for business applications?
Which disruptive technology has the most potential?
What issues are there with using electronic identification over a bit of plastic/card?
Will humans ever live online?
How will navigating the Internet change in the future? Outside of an Internet of things model?
What are the predictions for future year 2100 to 2200 in India and the world?
What are the most insightful and contrarian books in predicting the future trend of human civilization and technology?
How can sensors in the "Internet of Things" be recycleable?
What do you imagine are the biggest leaps in technology that we can expect in the future?
Will technology in the future disrupt the talent for mentalism, magic or mind reading? Will these talents lose their significance?
If we really wanted to, could we make the ultimate time capsule?
Will Guwahati develop in the near future?
What are some big medical advancements we are getting close to achieving?
How much better will medicine and technology be in around 10-15 years?
Should one buy a house in the United States given the current economic and political climate?
As a senior COBOL developer, should I do PMP or learn some new technology, like big data or ETL, to save my future?
Will solar technology change the way we live?
Who could be the next 1000% rise company in the next 2-5 years? It took Tesla about 2 years to get inflated
You travel 50 years into the Future, what do you expect to see in your own city?
Will the progress of technology render us helplessly reliant on it?
What are some books to understand today's and tomorrow's society?
Is it realistic to believe that fusion reactors are the future´s source of unlimited energy?
Which electronic gadget would you desire to have in 2-3 years time?
How do you come to a conclusion if a technology will become big in the future?
Can Utopia achieved through Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI)?
What do you think IT will look like in 10 years in a non-IT company?
Will electronic virtual assistants ever master our language?
What is the application and use of brain to brain communication and how do you deliver the skill and training gap through that technology?
Is technology advancing too fast for humanity to cope?
Which disruptive technology has the most potential?
How will US TV industry change over the next 5,10,15 years?
Based upon what we know today, what important technology innovation needs development within the next five years?
What things can be done over Mars over next 50 years, that can't be done on earth?
What are some things that you think will no longer be used in about 10 years’ time?
How will the translation industry change within the next 25 years?
Will they still have braille displays and better braille technology for the blind in the future?
Are we overestimating ourselves in terms of the the technological advanced humans will make in the centuries to come?
What changes according to you would the next social revolution bring about?
What will be the future of flight services after 50 years in India?
How can we design robots with emotions?
Technology: Will we be able to replace actors in movies with the avatars/3d models of our preferred actors in the future?
How will technology shape our future world?
What role will computers play in 2035?
How many internet companies will still be around in 2020?
In the age of digitisation and hyper-personalisation, can we expect that future can lead to a Man Vs Machine battle in technology?
What will warfare in 2040 look like?
How will the world be like in 2040 with regards to AI?
What technologies will the year 2055 bring us?
Can nanotechnology, organic chemistry and physiology join hands to create the artificial heart, especially a synthetic pericardium, in the future?
Augmented reality is the future. How can I invest in it?
What programming knowledge should I acquire so I can support my daughters' educations over the next 25 years? (Both are under 2 yo right now).
How can we avoid becoming a hive mind in the Internet age?
Where we are going as a species?
Will knowledge be so abundant that people in near future not care about it at all?
What are some of the major problems that the world would be facing in the next 25 years?
Will there ever be a way in the future to speed up old Apple devices?
Why Is Neo-Futurism still not a mainstream thing?
I hope there is a future?
AI can make our world better. Yet Stephen Hawking has warned the dangers of it. How can Google fully harness its potential while keeping it safe?
What work going on currently will change the world?
Zoltan Istvan, a transhumanist, is running for President on the “vote for me and live forever" ticket. Are you going to support him?
What are the steps towards camel milk technology in the future?
In your opinion, will a 3D printer be the futuristic robots means of reproduction?
How will the smartphone change in the future?
What do you predict about the world in 2030?
What would be the next the fourth industrial revolution?
Can scientists of the future create simulated consciousness states akin to heaven and hell?
Is it safe to assume that a child born today will have their consciousness preserved forever?
Can Artificial Super Intelligence become a god?
What changes can we see (technological/other) in cricket in future?
Technology has changed drastically in past 30 years, but when I see electric polls I see them almost same like 30 years back. Are we lacking technological improvement in electrical field which is responsible for generation and transmission of power?
What kind of shape-shifting technology exists in 2016, and what does the future hold for it?
When 3D printing becomes more widespread, and people can 3D print whatever they want how will it effect the way we live?
Would you relive some periods of your past if technology allowed us to do so?
Could a civlisation as advanced as ours emerge after an apocalypse, considering minerals and oil are less available now?
Will we need pens in the future?
What will happen when technology makes most jobs obsolete? How do we ensure people have money with no jobs?
Will science be able to cure blindness or allow blind or visually impaired people to see again by medicine or medical devices in the future?
Will there continue to be phone carriers that offer unlimited data?
Is the dependence on computers a good thing or should we be more suspicious of their benefits?
Now that space operas, dystopias, and cyberpunk have become somewhat dated, what is the defining vision of the future in the 2010s?
What are the business sectors, that have not used technology to the fullest and has a great potential in future?
Will human demand for data storage eventually peak, or will it keep increasing indefinitely?
Will there be Hadoop MapReduce 10 years from now (not talking about Hadoop other ecosystem tools)?
If there will be mass technological unemployment by the 2030s, then would it make sense to simply unschool everyone who was born in the 2010s and after?
What can one do to improve computer related creativity?
How we are going to consume information in the future?
Will iOS devices like iPhones, iPads, iPods, or Macs die off in the near future?
What features may appear in Facebook after 50 years?
Will most innovations in the next five years focus on quality of life improvement for the upper, middle, or lower class?
How will work and jobs change over the next 10-20 years?
How will future technology affect architect/ interior design jobs outlook?
How do I ensure my security company survives as the future rolls in?
If information technology field keeps on improving like this what will happen in future is there any chance for downturn for ever in future?
What is the future of video games? How will we go beyond virtual reality?
Will accessibility features on smartphones improve?
What will replace screens in the future?
What would the technology and society of a Type IV civilization look like to us humans?
Joe Lonsdale: As we live through a secular trend of automation from AI and robotics, what is the role, if at all, of government to redefine employment/income?
How far are we from having a wrist-mounted holografic interface (like in Final Fantasy: the spirits within)?
Is this type of vehicle possible?
What will the year 2090 be like? Here are some things to think about. What are some good and bad developments between now and 2090? What issues will be controversial 75 years from? How will technology change?
Will new sexes/genders become possible with the introduction of augmentation?
Are we getting close to being able to fix deafness?
Keith Rabois: How do you see internet transforming 20 years from now?
What is the future of networking technology?
Suppose we come up with a technology to understand animal languages, say of dog, would you consider that the greatest achievement of mankind to date?
Will teachers be replaced by technology (robots, the internet, etc.) in the future?
Will we be as technologically challenged as our parents and grandparents when we get older? Or will we be as tech-savvy as our children? (I'm a millennial)
Will cable be replaced by streaming services (Netflix, Hulu, etc.) in the next 10 years?
Advances in technology are changing the skills needed in the workforce. What skills should kids be learning today to be prepare for the future?
Will people stop using email in the next 10 years?
Could somebody recommend me some websites and sources to keep myself updated on business, tech and future forecasts?
How could the internet become even more interesting for you?
Does microsoft has the future of technology envisaged?
What are some ideas that would make a big impact on the world, but people haven't figured out yet?
What do you think the future holds for companies involved in residential solar installation? Will there be any LT sustainable businesses?
Apart from Silicon valley which other countries do you think will be leaders in technology in the next five years?
Is there any theory that people in the future are going to be mostly cyborgs and full of abilities?
How will the future generations be capable to learn the fundamentals and aquire solid skills as technology gets exponentially more complex?
When will the exponential growth in technology hit a vertical straight line at which point the singularity will create the future world apart from the control of any human?
Moving from the "Information" Age to what seems to be "machine" age, what do you expect to happen? Where will it put humanity?
Where is technology heading?
Is Apple too late to virtual reality?
I am currently preparing a TEDx (conference) about Humanity 2.0. Who should I particularly invite as a Speaker? 
What are the predictions for future year 2100 to 2200 in India and the world?
If something replaces email will people still be able to use email?
How will the future of business and technkology look like?
What are some big medical advancements we are getting close to achieving?
What will be the economic impact of repurposing DNA for digital storage, as researchers have recently accomplished (April 2016)?
Bob Metcalfe: What is the future of internet?
What are some of the devices of future vehicles?
What is the opinion on the futurist, Gray Scott?
How would you image Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality evolving in the next 10-15 years? —  and what will their impact be on society?
Most visions of the future include floating devices/vehicles. How exactly would a floating bike or hospital bed work without fans, rockets, or magnetism?
Is Ray Kurzweil right that humans will soon have hybrid thinking?
Will the progress of technology render us helplessly reliant on it?
Should we focus more on genetic engineering instead of artificial intelligence for the best of our future?
Which are some of the jobs that wont exist in the next 10-20 years?
What are some questions, that we will still be asking in 50 years?
Will the internet continue to advance?
What would it take to shut down the internet for, let's say 100 years and then someone in the future discovers it again on accident?
How can technology combat the Pleasure-Pain cycle in the Future?
What are some of the things that appears to be a science fiction, but are actually true?
What major scientific discovery, breakthrough or project would probably make headlines in 2016?
What is your view on Bitcoin and blockchain technology and how do you see this technology affecting the future of the United States?
How will people survive and pay bills in the future when automation replaces all or most jobs?
Has the price to elaborate and produce a nuclear weapon been decreasing since 1942?
What trends will affect the legal profession in the coming years?
Will everyone become homeless when automation takes all of our jobs?
What future technologies could be widely available to the masses if consumer PCs were 100x faster as they are today?
What are some inventions/technologies that will most likely remain unchanged in one hundred years?
Will there be something better than the Internet in the future?
Would it be possible to create a computer-game character with human-level artificial intelligence?
What aspects of life today will seem strange in the future?
Luis Von Ahn: With the technology of instant conversation translation essentially here, do you see a convergence of not having to "learn" a language in the future?
What is the future of NFC?
Is hidden rail a reality or possibility yet?
Which technologies do you think will be a main part of our life the next five years?
Will robots take or create more jobs?
Do you think the rapid advancement of technology will cause the world unemployment rate to skyrocket in the next 30 years, and if so how can we adapt?
Could you see yourself in a relationship with an OS/Technology in 15 years?
What are the best nanotech companies to work for?
Augmented reality is the future. How can I invest in it?
How can we avoid becoming a hive mind in the Internet age?
What is the future of LoRa?
Will science and technology fix/cure deafness?
Why will ISPs block all cloud storage services without net neutrality?
What would be the top 5 UX / UI technologies that would effect industries in future?
When will IoT become mainstream in how we experience cities, the world, Retail, the internet of screens and analytics that is truly pervasive?
Can the male reproductive organ be modified to have multiple orgasms like women in the future?
Are we truly living in the future or do we still have a long way to go?
What work going on currently will change the world?
How will the smartphone change in the future?
Which tech companies will still be market leaders in 25 years?
Is it safe to assume that a child born today will have their consciousness preserved forever?
Where is the intersection of the fields of futurism and the social construction of technology?
What is the inevitable to happen in the future based on today's technology?
If Apple gets beaten by another OS will Apple still offer apps for it's products?
What's the future of the open web?
Will we ever be able to spawn virtual sex or romantic love robots of any shape/form in this reality?
Can we ever live in a future like Futurama?
How do you think cars in the future could float without using magnetism?
If IOS or Android are beaten by another operating system will IOS and Android still offer apps?
What is the future of Simfo NDT institute of Technologies?
When the mass deployment of robots causes widespread unemployment how will the general consumer have money to buy what the robots produce?
What is your vision of the Future for the year 2050 and 2100 ? Utopic or Distopic (Particularly in technology, economy, Families, Education, Jobs)
What are the best sci-fi books that try to depict the next century?
Will we need pens in the future?
What will happen when technology makes most jobs obsolete? How do we ensure people have money with no jobs?
What is the future of Virtual and Augmented Reality?
Is the dependence on computers a good thing or should we be more suspicious of their benefits?
Will technology be able to program a human mind in future?
Will human demand for data storage eventually peak, or will it keep increasing indefinitely?
Do you think cars will disappear from the cities in 30 years?
What excites you about the future of 3D printing?
What technologies or scientific breakthroughs that few people know about will have a dramatic impact on the future?
How we are going to consume information in the future?
What could be the traffic rules for flying cars?
How will work and jobs change over the next 10-20 years?
How do I ensure my security company survives as the future rolls in?
What is the future of video games? How will we go beyond virtual reality?
If information technology field keeps on improving like this what will happen in future is there any chance for downturn for ever in future?
What are the biggest ways in which the world 20 years from now will probably be different from today? What are the biggest "X factors" (changes that are not probable, but are possible and could be huge)?
With the advent of future technology such as advanced robotics and AI will capitalism eventually die out?
What type of technology do you think will be the new norm to have at home in the next couple of years?
Is it possible in future to create a device which can detect smell or odours?
How do i figure out if i'm creating a must have product?
How will the people from 4000 C.E look at 2000 C.E?
What additional features can smart phones have after about a hundred years?
Keith Rabois: How do you see internet transforming 20 years from now?
What will replace android and ios in the future?
Advances in technology are changing the skills needed in the workforce. What skills should kids be learning today to be prepare for the future?
How close are we to discovering everything we can imagine?
What will tanks look like in 40 years?
Will scientists achieve their goal of curing blindness by 2020?
Assuming the VR-movement grows exponentially, within the next few years (decades) can we expect VR that connects the user on a neurological level?
What are some ideas that would make a big impact on the world, but people haven't figured out yet?
What will be the future of AI in coming future?
How long will it be before we have digital wallpaper that can display any image at the press of a button in our homes?
If the future turns out good could I spend the next 30 years doing nothing and then in 2045 use cool awesome singularity technology with basic income?
What is the future of screen technologies?
What has been the implications of Sub-Saharan Africa taking over Europe in population size?
How would apps like WhatsApp verify accounts if SMS is obsolete?
What would be different if Mars had complex life around our level of civilization, and had a similar biosphere to earth?
Will we need a driving license in 2040?
What are the problems for the individual & society if a Cryonics patient is revived & cured 1000 years from now?
What is the current technology on virtual sex? Does it look like it might become a reality in the near future?
What kinds of jobs will disappear over the next 25 years? What new ones will take their place?
What's your favorite reoccurring technological fantasy?
In the future, will it be possible to illegally download a pizza?
What are the barriers keeping us from developing Ghost in the Shell-level technology?
Will most finance/banking jobs like accounting become automated in the near future?
Which technical jobs are in demand due to increase in latest technology?
Is it possible that all countries come together to develop new space technology?
Is the future name of india going to be "india.com" or "the dot-com country"?
In what ways will the human brain evolve in the coming centuries in response to the exponential growth of technology?
Is it possible that future cities could look like the image below?
What do you think about the phenomenon that many companies develop just the same things, but separately, like the self driving car technology?
In the future will we use computers made of cloned brains instead of silicon chips?
We only think we are in the present don’t we?
What is most important innovation that has turned weird with time?
If you can have the intelligence/capacity of the famous people like Einstein, Tesla (whomever of your choice) for one day what will you do?
What will radio be like in the next 25 years?
What’s the future of journalism and technology?
Will smartphones in the future support Braille displays?
In the future, will one be able to talk on a phone on a plane?
Will we ever reach a limit in technology and science?
Does anyone believe that when you die you go to the future?
Adam D'Angelo: What do you think are the next big challenges that will be solved by technology in the next decade?
How do you define a smart home?
Will there be a device that can control human thoughts wirelessly?
In the future how will we know if we're in a simulation or dream?
How can we understand consciousness if we can't touch it or see it, but we know it's there?
What are the best 3d printers technology that people should have in the near future?
Was Steve Jobs right that “the biggest innovations of the twenty-first century will be the intersection of biology and technology”?
If we spent 6 trillion dollars a year on science what would be the result after 10-100 years?
What will phones and other devices be like 20 years from now?
Can I get superpowers using CRISPR (CAS-9) technology?
How likely is it that the human race eventually will merge with machines?
How likely is it that one will be able to upload one's consciousness to a computer in the near future? 
Given the rate of scientific advancement, by how much will the average lifespan increase in the U.S. within the next 80 years?
Which of todays companies will still be running in the year 2100?
What is the best way to stay updated with new technologies in the market?
How will humanity change as major problems get solved?
What are bubble cities and how is it going to be possible till the end of 2116?
What do you know about nano technology development?
Are there experiments that are not feasible today but future technologies can help us to build them and unravel the secret of life on earth?
If a time comes when we have mastered nuclear fusion energy (or other large energy source), what other technologies would you expect to already exist?
Can we design a computer as human brain?
Will immortality happen within my lifetime? Will we be able to upload our consciousness to a digital form?
Could ships with bionic tail possible and more efficient than those with helix?
Looking into WWDC 2016, it seems Gadgets, apps, phones are all shouldering the burden of conveying our emotions. Is that something Good for humanity?
Where could the drone industry be in the next 10 years?
Is technology exponentially advancing?
What do economists predict will happen if automation makes millions of jobs obsolete?
In the future will people put microchips in their children to thwart kidnappers?
What do you see as the areas of greatest concern for technology as we move into the future?
What are best, useful and advanced tools or hacks not every body use, that make you feel lucky you live in 2015 e.g software, technology, device, etc?
What could we accomplish in 1500 years?
What do you see as the areas of greatest potential or promise for technology as we move into the future?
What will car technology be like in 25 years?
Could a Christian equivalent to ISIS emerge in the future?
What are the things likely to happen in the 22nd century?
Can we develop a technology which could alter climate, in order to make it more suitable for human living?
What will future earthlings think of past earthlings who mandated cars for transportation/destroyed the environment, if future technology is a genetically engineered horse-hybrid?
What have been the biggest technological advancements from 2010 to 2016?
Is Ray Kurzweil's vision of the future and evolution of AI and technology still relevant in 2016?
Can physiologists, computer scientists and biochemists come together to create the "Matrix Drug" in the future?
What electronic device do you think future archeologists are most likely to misinterpret, in a million years after they've all stopped working?
Which countries will have the lowest unemployment in the future?
What is the date of the technological singularity as of estimates made in 2016?
What would be the implications on technology if battery technology was 100 times as efficient as today's lithium ion cells?
What does the current trend line for die progress units vs. time look like?
What great advances in technology will be made by open source programming?
Why can't artificially intelligent robots learn to do politics?
What are some of the best pieces of technology displayed in TRYST over the past few years?
How do you think will the technology industry evolve in the next 10 years?
What could be some disruptive ideas in the next decade?
What is the future of smart phones design will they able to replace laptops?
Which is a more revolutionary technology - Quantum computing or Neuromorphic chips?
What are the latest emerging technology for software operators?
Will defensive war technology ever catch up to offensive technology?
Do subscribers to the tech blog "The Information" get their money's worth?
What will be the game changing SEO Trends in 2017?
What are the features of travel software solutions provided for B2B travel agents?
What area the latest trends in menswear?
Is there agism in the technology industry?
What are some of your aspirations for the next few years?
Is the desire to dominate essential to our spirit of discovery and innovation?
What are the key trends in payments industry for 2017?
What do you think the next big movement will be in America?
Could super artificial intelligences create any kind of advanced technology we can imagine in the future?
How can we use science and technology in development of a nation?
How do I know if there's any patent related to this structure?
What will be the state of CSE in the next 5-10 years in Indian colleges?
How do I find a rainmaker for the technology field?
How would you make a high tech, protective/tactical suit with available technology?
How can sensors or cameras detect facial expressions?
How are art start-ups like Cupick, Paintcollar, etc. doing in terms of profit and sales? Isn’t it too hard to sell art on merchandised products?
Will automation and AI make us more creative?
Can you be jealous of a technological device?
What are the new upcoming technologies in 2017?
How many Quorans have found out about Consiglio Devastations in the last week?
I'm 13, what new technology could I live to see?
What were the web design trends of 2016?
What is electronic imaging technology? What uses can be given to this technology?
LinkedIn and tech websites are obsessed with Hyperloop, autonomous drive, and AI. Why is nobody excited for optical computing?
Has the tech customer service model failed?
What are the technologies that develop in today's world?
Is there an app for matching underprivileged kids with pre-screened adults that want to take them on adventures, teach a skill, do a sport, etc?
Is it preferable to purchase a new phone in December or in January?
How can I scrape data from the web to display on my chatbot?
What major change will happen in China in the next 10-20 years?
In light of recent flash memory advancements, will DRAM become an obsolete technology?
What is the trending music right now in China?
What are the areas of innovation for technology?
What is the latest technological outbreak?
What is the latest IP technology currently being used?
What are some mind blowing hover bikes that most people don't know?
What's your grown up Christmas list?
Mainly after the 90's we've seen an explosion of progress related to technology. What are the expectations of the next 30 years?
Even if in the far future we had advanced technology would we be no match for aliens technology?
What are your views on flying cars which are going to be the next innovation in the coming years?
What are the best tech gifts available this year?
What is some advice for starting a business 5 years out? I'd like to open a gym in 5-10 years from now. What should I do now?
What are the features of OTA travel solutions that makes it different from traditional travel agency?
What is the problem definition and problem description for software trends?
How can we reduce our dependence on technology?
What prior art is there that could invalidate Apple's '647 Patent?
Is there an evidence of any economist who could correctly predict trends about the coming decade in the past?
What technology will developers need in the next five years?
Do you think technological advancement has reached a plateau or will technology continue to be advanced at an exponential rate?
If AI could create simulates on how advanced technology works and had infinite computer power could we create anything with technology?
Why do we have trends?
What might be the future for humans who choose to be cut off from technology?
What is the future of religion in the next 5 to 10 years? How will it affect Buddhism?
What is technology commercialization?
What future technology idea could last forever and you could proft indefinitely?
Which books are preferred to know about modern technology and future innovations?
What should I learn to create next big startup?
Are you planning on leaving NYC in the next 5 years?
Will Microsoft survive the next 5 years?
What is mean by technology scouting?
What were the major advancements between the XT and the AT, that made the AT seem like advanced technology?
Is the Swiss watch industry being disrupted by technological innovation?
What are the unique features of travel website design?
What are the latest trends in photography?
Which platform, between JauntVR and Within, has a better future and how will they compete against Youtube when everyone will have 360 degree cameras?
What's the future of media industry in the next 10 years?
Does a Linux-based desktop OS have a future?
How do I aware about technology daily?
Is there a limit to technological progress?
What is the future of through hole technology?
Are adblockers killing the internet monetizing?
What are some common misconceptions about technology?
What are the most technologically advanced means used for neurosurgery, particularly in thoracic spine posterolateral laminectomy?
Do AI simulates help create new advanced technologies?
What cool technologies are being worked upon by Google, Microsoft and Facebook?
What expertise would you choose to acquire in line with the future if I guaranteed you your current salary and benefits for the next 10 years?
Is it a smart idea to buy wearable devices?
What is the new trend in animaton today?
Is it foolish to save for retirement given the expected gains in human longevity and the emergence of new technological paradigms like AI?
Why are some people annoyed with some popular trends? Has it always been like this before the internet?
Where can I find patents related to biotechnology?
Can India do space exploration in the next 10 years?
What are the best technologies to learn in computer science that doesn't involve math and that isn't that common but has value?
How important will underwater drone technology be in the future?
Do you think we will have hypersleep technology in the near future?
How good is civilian drone technology going to get over the coming decades?
I feel that I've missed out on investing opportunities like 3D printing, Apple, Netflix, which websites should I check to catch future trends early?
What will a list of the world’s top 10 biggest companies look like in 20 years and why?
How can I know if my idea is patented by someone else?
How can AirBnb best adapt to future waves of technological innovation?
How can I lose my best friend without hurting him?
What will be the top emerging mobile commerce trends in 2017?
What are the upcoming technologies in IT which will be in great demand in the future?
What old technologies could by resurrected as the hot next big thing?
Why can't we harness the power of lightning?
What technology skillset will be most in demand in 2017?
What is the next generation in IT (Information Technology)?
How is the fashion industry affected by the development of technology?
Is there any vacancy for fresher in technology sector at Adobe?
What kinds of security innovation are essential for technology to be relevant and effective over the next two to three years?
What are some great smart cities projects using open data?
What are some of the phenomena that can trigger runaway technological development and what are some of the foreseen effects?
What are some examples of surveillance disguised as art?
What are some of the deadliest tech?
What are the Latest WhatsApp tricks which we probably don't know?
What tech products are trending right now that I should buy?
What are top Linux distribution picks for 2016?
What is most latest and advanced technology that have been developed in Computer world?
When will Starbucks use Voice-First ordering systems?
When we will have better online project than Google?
What do you think is the next age, after that of the current IT age?
There are numerous reports on how technology such as robots and AI will take human jobs, what can I do now to safe guard employment in the future?
Do you know about Parasive Technology?
What are the current technology trends going on in IT world?
What will be the top tech trends in 2017?
What do you think would be the biggest tech revolution of the next decade?
What are technological devices?
Which ASEAN cities will emerge as a global center for politics, business, tech, creativity, the arts, entertainment and science in the next 20 years?
Can Reliance Jio become a profitable venture in the next 5 years?
Will we ever have flying vehicles by the next 50 years and how would it impact our traffic laws?
What certifications does a wearable device require before it hits the market?
How could the fashion industry change within the next decade?
What are the technological advancement (ongoing) effect on fertility & society?
With the advancement of technology and how accessible knowledge is, is it true that this is the “greatest” time to be alive? If so, why?
What are business trends and techniques for future innovations?
Is interdisciplinary in research the next big thing in humanities?
Are there any technologies at all, that are as advanced as we see in some of the Hollywood movies?
What are examples of prior art for Apple's new mixed tape patent application?
What is the next big thing for entrepreneurs?
Which technology or products will become common in 2017/2018?
Which technology should I learn to get maximum ROI in next 5 years?
What if a new theorem was proved that triggered runaway technological growth. What changes will result and how will he/she be seen? Is it possible?
On Omegle my webcam is flipped the other way round. How do I fix this?
What are some of the least known fields in STEM which will have the greatest impact on the next decade?
What are the trends in technology in year 2017?
What is the next big thing after Facebook/ Twitter?
How will Trump address and facilitate innovation the technology sector?
What are the nano technology used in the construction of pavements?
Do you know where there is a payphone in your area?
What is the technology used behind epic.com?
What are some physically possible technologies that we may acquire in the future?
Is fluorescent lighting in danger of being killed by LED lighting in the next 5 years (January 2015)?
What future advancements can be seen in optical mice technology?
What will be the top fintech trends in 2017?
Which technology you feel will be prominent during 2017?
How likely is the next big economic crash right now?
What's the most advanced technology created by a non-human?
Will the technology be an enabler for the future of humanity?
What's a technological advancement that would actually scare you?
How much funding has TheCollegeFever raised?
What is your opinion about the trending hactivists ‘Legion Crew’?
Will technology always be too unsynchronized? We’re so backward that the average public restroom looks and smells disgusting.
What is the new technology in Android?
What is the next big thing in electrical engineering?
Which mobile technology is used in India?
What's next after mobile apps?
Can we conclude that Mumbai will lose all its green cover/ forest in the next 10 years or so?
Which new technologies can we expect to see in the next 30 years?
What are some technology shifts that will create massive opportunities in the next decade that have not been hyped by the media?
What is dating technology?
What are some new trends In Metabolics engineering?
How should I scale my future from now?
What is top trending right now?
How can I make a nice and interesting technological share?
What is technology transfer and why it is important?
What will be the most amazing technology innovation we encounter in 2017?
What are the latest trends for kitchen back splashes?
Which is a better phone to buy, Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime or Moto G4 Plus?
How does Brian Roemmele stay on top of so many different technological verticals?
What are the top trending hot technologies in the IT industry now? (Like Cloud, Big Data etc)
What country has suffered the most from China Technological espionage?
Why is a luxury resort hotel the first commercial business to deploy Voice-First devices?
What are the trends that one will witness in 2017 in context of technology based education?
What are the next generation web search technologies?
Which are new industry trends which can create exponential trends?
What is target Technology Innovation Center?
What will be the latest CRM technological, conceptual and execution breakthroughs that will shape how brands connect and relate to customers in 2017?
How will technology change our lives?
What are some nice range tech?
Visualize how you would like to spend the income you earn over the next 30 years. What will your top 5 expenditures be?
Will the next big thing be Electric Energy storage systems?
What will be the scope of finance in next 5 years?
What is the best culinary magazine to subscribe to in order to keep up with the latest food trends?
What is Nutanix road map in the next 5 years?
What is the next big thing (that already exists but not many know about) that will have an impact as large as the creation of the internet?
Can you suggest latest technologies for IT presentation?
What is the name of the ideology of our digital age?
What is the upcoming technology in 2017?
Can anyone comment on the current functional technology of upper arm prosethteics? What is the level of technology at use?
What are some technologies that are going to shape the world in the next five years that are still not well known by people in general?
What is the future of trust technology?
What's the most effective way to find patent prior art?
What would have happened if all the present technology was available at 1900s?
Is it necessary to include prior arts in the patent application?
What is the on-going trend in IT or Which technology/concept is going to omnipresent in the next 5-10 years?
What are some ways technology is changing us for the worst?
What is the Amazon Go Store, the new retail shopping experience and why is it important?
How much do you think humans can technologically and psychologically advance?
What will happen once robots and computers can do most jobs that people have today?
Are there any startups in the patent sector?
Which from the following will have a stronger impact on the next 10 years: Internet of things, Big Data, virtual reality, 3D impression or drones?
How fast is technology really advancing?
With a finance background, how can I be part of the innovation when most of the innovation are associated with technology?
With Amazon Go, what is Amazon working on next?
Where do you see Wait But Why in 5 years?
Where is Metaforum technologies?
Will Eugene Goostman bots replace all human workers?
What's the most likely scenario for the fall of the iPhone from top? And when?
Do you guys think Amazon Go is the next big in the shopping world?
What are the latest trends in Airports and control towers?
What are the current trends within the legal industry?
What are trending IT technologies in life science industry?
What are the most interesting things going to happen in 2017 in your country?
What are your thoughts about the rapid advancement of tech?
Where do you see the World headed in next decade 2017-2027?
What will be the future of IT industry in India after 15 years from now? When technology is on its extreme?
How can I validate a new product technology?
How do I find about pic grant?
Is it a new creation or trend for applying high-tech and virtual format in translation industry?
How will technology change hotels in the future?
What is the best technology to learn in IT field currently?
How will be the market of Patanjali in next 10 years?
Technology is changing so fast yet we keep people at the top from yesteryear who seem to have no idea?
How is technology going to impact education over the next 25 years?
What do you think about gadgets of doraemon?
How likely is SMART on FHIR to be implemented in the majority of US hospitals over the next 5 years?
What are those things that are still being used by Indians despite new technologies?
Could large slabs of land be relocated using advanced technology?
What are the current and upcoming trends in sailing?
How does one look up patents by company that holds them?
What was it like going from MIT student to TV host?
Do you think cannabis is going to be the next big thing?
What are the best tools for managing patents ?
Are initial consumer applications of virtual reality being over-hyped?
What would you do if your 10 year old skill set is outdated in the new technology world?
Are we moving towards a digital future?
Will there be a rapid demonetization of the cost of living in the next 20 or so years?
Is technology moving faster than our learnable and human adaptable ability?
If you were to bring a piece of technology to the moon, what would you bring?
Which countries are the most receptive to new technology?
If in the future we can live in a virtual world so real we don't know the differences, could that not become the world we call real and never leave?
How did Chinese make phenomenal progress in aviation technology? Will they be able to surpass US technological superiority in near future?
What is a 3D password?
Is there any specific technology being used in Deloitte?
Are there still World's Fair-like events that showcase the “world of tomorrow”?
In 20 years, once the military technologies are perfected, how will generals be controlled and kept healthy?
If demand for coal were to increase over the next 5 or 10 years, how would that happen? My impression is that this is unlikely. Am I wrong?
What is your timeline of future innovations?
What is the state of the art in intelligent robotics as of 2016?
What are some industries with potential growth in next 5-6 years in India?
Is there a limit on how far technology can advance?
How long does it take you to do a proper patent search and which tools do you use?
How has China changed over the past 5 years, both in size and technological advancement?
What major technological advancements do we need to help stop our environmental impact?
I have an invention and don't have the money for the patenting process so I can start a crowdfund. Can I receive a microloan for this type of thing?
What is a cool new tech devices?
What really big technological leaps have happened in the past 10 years that had nothing to do with computers?
Would humanity be technologically more advanced nowadays if years were longer?
I've founded a company and built a working prototype but personally can't build the product. Should I seek venture funding or a technical co-founder?
Are there legal limitations that hinder the advancement of battery technology/production in the US?
What are the best outdoor gadgets that most people should have?
If you were to start over, what technology/technologies would you learn in 2016?
Are smartphones bad for kids?
Is there a MOOC/course/app/website to know all the up to date technological advancements in the world so that we can analyze them to plan a career?
Why is there no new technology in India?
How was Nutanix able to disrupt the virtualization market and take on big players like VMware within a short span of time?
What are some amazing facts about magnets?
Could paranormal abilities be possible with future technology?
What will the world look like in 10 years?
What are some of the coolest innovations?
What is the latest technology in developing web application?
What new kinds of jobs will be created in the next 10 years?
What do you think will be the new trends of 2017?
Which country is the most technologically advanced? How did it become so technologically advanced?
What are the most important technologies that were considered emerging but failed now?
Is technological advancement the downfall of civilisation longevity?
What is the latest technology of processing aluminium dross?
Which is a worth buying laptop, HP Pavilion 14-al022tu or HP 14-am081tu?
What is DTMF technology?
Will virtual reality increase or decrease tourism?
What is the next big thing for EdTech?
Can you define shaping technology solutions for the future?
How many products are using USB Type C so far?
Based on recent trends, is modern website design becoming more confusing and overly artsy for the end user?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
What are the trends/techniques/tools to code HTML/CSS in 2016? Haven’t coded for years. My task is to turn PSD into responsive pages, no JavaScript.
What technology will replace FTP?
How digital and technology could help reducing dog homlessness and abandonment?
What is the best TV I can buy for £600 which is at least 49 inches and suitable for playing emulated games? Should I be looking for a 4k 10 bit HDR?
As technology gets better and better, why does everything keep exploding and catching on fire?
Is Android worth learning for a tech entrepreneur who wants to build a social network in 2016-2017?
What will be the jobs in Information Technology in the next decade with a good outlook?
Where do you see the world technologically in 2120?
What is the next "big thing" in computer technology?
What are some examples of futuristic technologies?
Who are the Indians who have made significant innovations in recent times but have gone unnoticed?
What are going to be the leading industries and types of businesses in the next 50 years?
In the future when technology reaches the smallest point, will we see the return of room-filling computers for intense use such as life-like games?
What are the top trends of Android application development?
How much would Project Alamo be worth (if it were on sale)?
What are the most unusual websites?
What are the big trends you see shaping the world today in 2016?
What rules and guidelines do employees of medium.com have for using medium.com?
Do we really need advanced technologies like artificial intelligence or augmented reality?
What is the one thing that stop IoT from being used by everyone in the world?
Which is the most technologically advanced airliner?
Are chat bots really the next big thing?
What are the new areas in life sciences that will have profound impact over the next 50 years?
What should be my next big move?
What can be the next big innovation in enterprise computing?
If technology growth continues at it's current pace, how long before ftl technology is developed?
What is the difference between color and colour?
Would a 2011 Mac Pro outperform a 2016 Macbook Pro?
Who is the most relevant among the top management thinkers to read as per recent business trends?
Is there a work done for technologies that could enable humanity to live in extreme environmental conditions that might develop over the next 100 years?
Will Peter Thiel become the Chief Technology Officer of the United States? Why or why not?
How important is technology?
What are some uncanny predictions that have been made in the technological world?
Are most women going to be beautiful in the future due to technological advancement in plastic surgery?
Does technological advancement promote narcissism?
How far can technology take us?
What new technologies do you think will become ubiquitous in the next decade?
What could we achieve in terms of technological advancement if most of the world's money was used?
What would be the most technologically advanced blogging backend?
Why don't people know it's rude not to text back?
What is the best innovative technology for the blind?
What are the newest developments in encryption technology?
Is the inventor or discoverer of a technology an expert in that technology and the field of that technology?
What are some instances of the financial sector benefiting technological progress?
Is Google aware that Voice First devices will break the pay-per-click business model?
Is the transistor ever going to become obsolete?
How do SaaS organizations allocate accounts to sales reps?
Why did Apple decide to choose Indonesia to be the base for its regional r&d centers?
How do I know about upcoming technologies in software?
What are some noteworthy technological innovations that can be attributed to Cooperatives?
What is the best way to save website articles on my iPad for the purpose of reading later (without an internet connection)?
Where do you see Ripple in 5, 10 and 20 years time?
What are latest trends in industrial automation that can be taken up as a manufacturing business?
What are the recent technology in Java?
How do I remove synced iPhone data in iTunes 11?
What's the next big thing after blogging?
How will IoT (Internet of Things) make world preemptive?
What are some amazing facts about magnets?
How will ontology meet IoT (Internet of Things)?
What are some of the latest advances in the field of surgery that will be revolutionary?
How will we feed 3 billion new people within the next 40 years?
What are some of the frustrating/inconvenient things that we still go through as they have not been addressed by technology advancement?
What field has the largest amount of technology advances removed from the public ability to use it?
Which country is the most technologically advanced? How did it become so technologically advanced?
What are five major laws in digital technology?
A plane is moving in a circular path around the transmitter of the radar. Will there be Doppler shift detected in the radar?
Who will be the leader in the field of Virtual reality in 10 years?
What are the latest risk management trends?
Why do fashion companies never develop new technology?
When will the first major disruptive technology start to replace a big, noticeable parts of the human work force in the coming years?
While most software engineers are chasing machine learning and IoT, what are other future software areas to learn?
Which are some of the investors and technology experts I should follow from each and every country on Quora?
What is the one thing that stop IoT from being used by everyone in the world?
Which gadget/ technology you think is necessary for majority people in coming 5 years?
What are the new areas in life sciences that will have profound impact over the next 50 years?
What are some examples of technological advancements made during the Qing Dynasty?
What is the most technologically advanced display?
How can I solve 2014^2014-2013^2013?
What would be the specifications of your dream smartphone?
What should I learn about to create the next big innovation in technology?
How Terahertz technology can change the world?
What could be the major breakthrough in space technology in next 50 years?
What technology will we have in the future to detect land mines?
Why is it that Western societies are the most technologically-advanced?
What are the latest technologies we must know?
Are there legal limitations that hinder the advancement of battery technology/production in the US?
Is human achievement declining?
Are smartphones bad for kids?
As an early adopter which new tech disappointed you the most?
How would the world change if the rate of technological progress became higher overnight?
The time has come for a new mobile phone, and I don't feel I can justify the cost of iPhones anymore. Which alternative phone should I be looking at?
Are there any good websites, that predicted trends/hot companies in the past?
In the future when technology reaches the smallest point, will we see the return of room-filling computers for intense use such as life-like games?
Why aren't we hearing of perpetual spaceships, instead of “colonizing Mars”? What are today's technical problems with this solution?
What do you expect as a result of the emerging trend of universities providing free access to online courses?
Explain at least two major civil rights policies over the past 60 years and their impact. Do these federal actions have a direct impact on you?
Why don't people know it's rude not to text back?
How is the startup scene in Indonesia in 2016 compared to its neighbours?
What are some instances of the financial sector benefiting technological progress?
What's the trend of computer's development in future?
Is there a word to describe the feeling that you're living in the future?
What are the latest trends in horticulture?
Will we be as incompetent as today's old people at technology in the future?
Currently, which technologies are more popular in IT field for freshers?
Which technology is better for future in BI technology?
I am a huge fan of Moto GP. How can I keep myself updated regarding all the events? Is there any app for it or something?
What is the next likely breakthrough in Computer Architecture?
How many products are using USB Type C so far?
When will be flying cars become reality in everyday life?
Do you believe the gig economy is durable?
What tech problem should I solve if I want to be rich?
Do you think Snapdragon 835 is the next big thing?
Which is the most technologically advanced airliner?
With the way society is going, will pedophilia end up becoming legal and accepted in the next few decades?
What could I do without using technology?
What are the things that will be revolutions to the next generation after 5 to 10 years?
Which sites should I visit to keep myself updated in computer science?
Are most women going to be beautiful in the future due to technological advancement in plastic surgery?
What is the future it technology for 2020?
What could we achieve in terms of technological advancement if most of the world's money was used?
Is it plausible that physical money will become obsolete within the next century?
What are the new jobs in technology?
What is the latest information on Alzheimers?
Are there jobs that combine trend forecasting, sociology, economics, politics, culture, and science/technology?
How hard is it for programmers to keep up with new technology?
What does Trumpism and Putinism share in common (e.g. hatred against the future, modernity, technology, innovation and progress)?
Where do I get dental treatment with advanced technology?
In the next 2-3 years, what developments can we expect in quantum computing?
Why is Data Science and Big Data removed from Gartner's Hype Cycle 2016?
What is special about SkyActiv technology found in latest Mazda cars?
What diseases do you think will be cured within the next 5 years?
Who is ruling the Indian Coding industry?
Which is a worth buying laptop, HP Pavilion 14-al022tu or HP 14-am081tu?
In the near future, do you believe that advanced cloud technology will enable physics to deliver not only data but processing power to us as well?
Will virtual reality increase or decrease tourism?
How do you virtualize an object by scanning it?
What are the new technologies used worldwide to avoid rail accident?
What can white straight men who value diversity do to make the STEM communities overall less hostile to women and minorities?
Is Android worth learning for a tech entrepreneur who wants to build a social network in 2016-2017?
What would the perfect commercial real estate marketplace look like?
What are some examples of futuristic technologies?
Who are the Indians who have made significant innovations in recent times but have gone unnoticed?
What are the top trends of Android application development?
What are some of the best newsletters to subscribe for increasing tech knowledge?
What are digital technologies?
Are consolidations in Chinese tech industries giving consumers less choice and less pricing power?
What are the pros and cons of Adobe Project VoCo?
What would be the most technologically advanced blogging backend?
Could Slack have taken off if it launched in 2004?
What is your opinion on millennials, and how they will shape the world on the next years?
What are the recent trends in IT or the computer field as a whole?
Which open source technology will have ample business in next 2 years from now?
Which mobile company is going to rule the market within the next 5 years?
What is the next advance you see in manufacturing in 5 years?
Are there any movies about the Technological Singularity?
Can you name few companies like Nokia or kodak which can potentially disappear in future due to structural change or technological obsolescence?
When will hologram technologies be used in war?
What are some cool videos about the future and/or really awesome technological/scientific renovations in the works?
What are benefits of Beacon Technology for businesses?
What is your most memorable "holy shit, I live in the future" moment?
How do I build my own website with the latest technology?
Where do you see the internet heading within the next 10 years?
What do you think about phones getting thinner?
How reliable is theguardian.com?
Is the Information Technology field down for the next 5 years?
How can I boost and increase the sales of my travel company?
What technology that seems ground-breaking right now will probably fade away?
What is Jimmy's next big thing?
What will the hospital of the future be like?
What are some of your aspirations for the next few years?
Could paranormal abilities be possible with future technology?
Is bendable display the future of smartphone?
What are some concrete examples of new skills and knowledge that can and must be learned due to technological change in the 21st century in order to benefit from higher wage growth?
How can we understand consciousness if we can't touch it or see it, but we know it's there?
Which renewable energy is cheaper than all kinds of non-renewable energy (to generate the same amount of electricity)?
How will the future of business and technkology look like?
Would it be possible to stay on a different planet any time in the future?
Will scientific and/or technological progress saturate at some point and stop? Can humans grab all the science present in nature?
How do you think virtual reality devices will change our world?
Who are the top technology futurists?
Why do some teachers not stay updated about the latest technologies and always teach the same thing?
What are some of the least known fields in STEM which will have the greatest impact on the next decade?
What are the best and new technologies in the field of electronics?
What technology is making the most advancements right now?
Is there any valid data on how many jobs will be lost to technology within the next few years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the emu oil market?
Has the smartphone industry contributed to the advancement of technology in other fields?
Which is the trending technology in IT right now?
What are emerging technologies in the IT field?
Is there a service like Circle that is offered in Canada?
How do I make a new technology?
What is the most revolutionary technology?
What are the jobs of the future?
Why didn't the Internet stop urbanization?
Once Verizon shuts down their 3G network does that mean 3G phones will no longer work?
What is going to happen to health insurance over the next 5 years?
How should we inspire future generations to solve the worlds greatest problems?
Since the Iron Man Arc Reactor is possible in the future, why not start now to research the possibilities?
Will someday computers be made and programmed by other computers?
How can sensors or cameras detect facial expressions?
What are the best tools and gadgets overall?
What is new in MLM? What do you think about technology and wearable health devices?
How car rental apps are developed and how is it helpful for your OTA?
What are some of the recent trends in information technology that can be asked in a technology quiz?
How do you see the future of technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in clinical Laboratory Services market?
Which electronic gadget would you desire to have in 2-3 years time?
How do you come to a conclusion if a technology will become big in the future?
What will the computer be like in 50 years with regard to hardware and software?
What is the future of tactile pavements? What is the most advanced existing technology which helps blind and disabled people navigate in the city?
What does it mean that the next technological revolution will be in material science?
My team are looking for the next big "ICE BUCKET CHALLENGE" What do you think could be the next big charity idea?
What is the future of the BIM technology in India?
What technological advancements do you hope never happen? Why?
If something changed the atmosphere so combustion was impossible but we could still breath, what new technologies (weapons and vehicles) would be developed?
What are the possible or near possible things that we can expect in the next 10 years (say by 2024)?
Which technology is best, CBTC or DTO?
What is the business model of "subsidizing phones through the operators"?
Do you think the USA is going to have another revolution in the next 20+ years?
How can I know about updated technologies and its changes?
How many of you use Swipe type technology?
Some say technology has tapped into the basic need of humans for “validation” (upvotes, likes, favorites). Is this exacerbating our narcissistic tendencies, and what does this mean for our future?
If earth was flat how would it affect my daily routine?
What is most latest and advanced technology that have been developed in Computer world?
What companies are working on products that will significantly change the world in the next 10 years?
What features would 5G mobile phones have in the future?
What things can be done over Mars over next 50 years, that can't be done on earth?
Will fast charging use up more electricity than normal charging?
What will be the top tech trends in 2017?
Where can I submit a theory?
Will autonomous cars cause a surge in people moving to the suburbs?
How much will technology and automation change society?
Will there ever be computers that can be implanted into your brain?
When will 3D printers become as common as a microwave?
What's the most impressive technology available to the public?
Which cricket records are likely to be broken in the next decade?
What are the most important technologies that were considered emerging but failed now?
What are upcoming smartphones by Creo in 2017 and 2018?
Computer Hacking (security): At what point in the future will it be possible to bruteforce a 20 character password consisting of upper case letters, lower case letters and numbers?
Do you know the latest trends in PHP?
How can chatbots simplify travel bookings?
Is journalism going to die in the next 5 years?
How can anticipating issues raised by the technological singularity inform our approach to solving current problems?
What is the future of education technology?
What is the best way to stay updated with new technologies in the market?
Is Flink compatible with Hadoop? If yes, how?
What is the trending music right now in China?
What are the areas of innovation for technology?
What is the latest technology and weapons used by the secret service?
What technological innovations can we expect to see by 2022?
What devices are used during live match broadcasting?
What can the US do to bring back 25% of the manufacturing being outsourced in China right now in 10 years?
How car rental software will support the growth of your travel agency?
Is it possible to convert physical things like data in a hardware, electrons in a battery to immaterial or mental things?
Why do people run after the latest technology?
What are some of the greatest limitations to our technological advancement today?
What are the latest SEO Trends for 2017?
How will technology shape our future world?
With all the worlds technology at our fingertips why aren't we able to stop or at least predict these natural disasters before they happen?
There is a prosthetic arm that can be controlled by a phone app, but wouldn't it be better to make it respond to the person's movements instead?
What are the three technology developments that can explain the rise of machines against humans?
What are the upcoming trends in the IT world that might rule the world in the coming years?
Which technology will be in demand for the next 5 years?
Why is BMW successful?
How can I keep up with the trends, and where do I find them?
What 5 natural resources of today could be used with advanced technology in the future (25 years ahead)?
What makes a cellphone vibrate?
What are your predictions for bitcoin over the next year?
What top trends should I be watching out for in 2017?
Was there any popular article that predicted the magnitude of the mobile-phone boom?
What are some emerging human enhancement technologies that will be available in the coming years? Will any be avilable in 2017?
Is it theoretically possible in the future that everybody has several bodies, and rather than traveling we could just transfer our consciousness to our other body in another place?
What are some possible technology innovations we could get to know and enjoy in the next 50 years?
Can physiologists, computer scientists and biochemists come together to create the "Matrix Drug" in the future?
Which non-top ten cryptocurrencies have the biggest potential in the next 2-to-3 years time?
How can technology reduce the problems created by demonetisation?
Why did the writers of Blade Runner think technology would be so advanced by 2019?
What will be the upcoming trends in Smart Cards in Healthcare market 2015-2022?
Which technology in computer science has the best future?
Future transportation, do we want it today?
Is there a limit on how far technology can advance?
Why did Apple decide to choose Indonesia to be the base for its regional r&d centers?
What are the new technologies of 2017?
Where we are going as a species?
Is there an evidence of any economist who could correctly predict trends about the coming decade in the past?
The world of science, especially physics, is highly competitive. How do I stay up-to-date with the recent technological advancements?
How does 5G technology work?
Will handwritten language become obsolete?
How can I keep myself updated with all the latest movies, TV series, and other stuff? I feel like I lag way behind many in keeping myself updated.
In what way will Internet of Things impact us?
What is the latest technology that I should learn to five in website development?
I hope there is a future?
What are some of the great answers to the question, "Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years"?
Is it inevitable that space travel will be commercialized to the mass in the future?
Do you think human civilization will be able to reach Type III stage on the Kardashev scale before it's extinction?
How does the Internet rank historically as a disruptive technology? How does it match up, broadly, with flight or, specifically, with the telephone?
What is the most important technology to develop in ten years?
How will Quora be 50 years later?
What are the emerging advances/technologies in nanoparticle delivery systems?
What are the new trends in IT field?
Is innovation a priority? How can we institutions connect employees and learners with their passions and their personal vision of the future
What is technology commercialization?
What developments do you expect to see in Wikipedia over the next 5 years?
What are the features of the Samsung Galaxy S9 going to be?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
What are the new technologies in IT industry?
What is the next big thing for entrepreneurs?
At what point will 3D printers be able to make themselves?
What do you think of Nigeria in the next 10 years?
Is open source ERP systems better than closed ones for medium sized businesses?
Is the personal computer or are personal computing devices the greatest artifact(s) humanity has created?
Is there a well-researched infographic that does an overview of technological history, emphasizing the exponential advancement of the last century?
What amazing inventions and technology will there be in the year 2525?
How do I keep up with the new trends and technologies around the world?
If Apple gets beaten by another OS will Apple still offer apps for it's products?
What changes can we see (technological/other) in cricket in future?
What are some new technologies that IT companies are using?
What does the future hold for your field of expertise?
Is fluorescent lighting in danger of being killed by LED lighting in the next 5 years (January 2015)?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Bluetooth beacon market?
If you had two buttons in front of you, and one took you 5 years back and the other 5 years forward, which button would you choose? Why?
Any OMICS scientists care to comment on the future of proteomics which is quiet recently, what are its major future trends?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
Do you think Snapdragon 835 is the next big thing?
What are the pros and cons of DIY microprocessing boards like Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Adafruit, Beaglebone, and such? What are the major differences?
What technologies could help people "see the world through others' eyes", "walk in another person's shoes", etc.?
What are the most exciting challenges for Quantcast in the future?
Should the Indian government completely ban the BS-III vehicles in the next 5 to 10 years?
Will the Internet be delivered by drones in the future?
If IOS or Android are beaten by another operating system will IOS and Android still offer apps?
What could I do without using technology?
What are your predictions of the future 50 years hence, socially, economically, politically and technologically?
What is your vision of the Future for the year 2050 and 2100 ? Utopic or Distopic (Particularly in technology, economy, Families, Education, Jobs)
What are the various trends and virals in 2017?
Can we conclude that Mumbai will lose all its green cover/ forest in the next 10 years or so?
Why did the US withdraw funding from the SWORDS robot program?
Is Japanese automobile technology far ahead of the Germans technology?
What is the best way to keep up with new music?
What are the latest technology an IT should know?
With government surveillance, technological advances, and world knowledge on the rise, will we see the answer or the machine to solve P = NP in our lifetime?
With the advent of phones with some real good specs becoming cheap, what would be the situation of high-end phones in the future?
What is the future it technology for 2020?
Will modern technology create a dumbed down society where governments can easily control citizens?
What are recent trends in technical education?
Will technology ever make Microsoft Excel obsolete?
What will be the upcoming trends in the gas separation membranes market?
What is an emerging trend?
Could wifi and/or 3G/4G signals be used to wirelessly charge mobile and computer devices?
What is greatest technology we will have within 50 years that we don't have now?
In the future, will technology prevent privacy from being a reality?
What will the upcoming trends be in the electric motors market in 2023?
What are some problems/markets that existing fin tech companies have not tackled yet?
What are the business sectors, that have not used technology to the fullest and has a great potential in future?
What is the date of the technological singularity as of estimates made in 2016?
Why isn’t the world focussing on commercializing nanotechnology in the medical, science and technology fields?
What are some possible energy producing devices that are man-portable and can provide energy for a long time which can be attainable in the near future?
What is the next big thing in Petroleum Engineering field?
Will Amazon Alexa stay dominant or does a startup have a chance?
Why technology is so popular?
What are some common misconceptions about technology?
What is the hardest truth humanity will have to accept for the next decades?
How are we going to keep our internet-connected devices secure as the Internet of Things continue to evolve in the future for both personal and business purposes?
What can one do to improve computer related creativity?
What is target Technology Innovation Center?
How is 'TV' currently defined?
What do you envision the next 10-20 years to look like in the world?
What cool technologies are being worked upon by Google, Microsoft and Facebook?
Which technology do you use for Minance?
What are Costco’s industry trends?
How far off is the implementation of distance- and time-based road-use pricing in the US/UK and other markets?
What is the technology that will dominate the world for the next few years?
I'd like to make the most affordable smartphone with the latest technology and Android software. Where can I start?
Why is hardware engineering chosen over bio engineering to create new technologies to enhance our lives?
Seeing the current market scenario, is it advisable to continue in telecom and IT? What are prospective fields for the next 25 years?
What criteria do you use to decide which tools use to develop any new project?
What will be the upcoming trends in endoscopy devices market?
What are some latest trends on social networks?
Are there any reliable tech wearables that measure mental health/Mood?
How could the fashion industry change within the next decade?
Where can I post ad for any kind of advanced technology Team to make my ideas?
How do you envision the future mobile phone? (i.e. Wearable, brain-controlled)?
What are the current and future stages of big data and cloud computing?
Who is ruling the Indian Coding industry?
What do you know about multijet condenser technology?
After iyenger who is next?
What might be some of the future trends in cockpit designs?
Steve Wozniak and Elon Musk believe humans will become pets for superintelligent machines. Do you agree? Why or why not?
What technologies with the potential to alter the social and economic order have existed for the past 20 years, but have remained relatively or completely unused?
What is the next "big thing" to invest in, in the tech world?
What are some of the cooler applications of nanotechnology?
What will the IT sector look like in the next few years, and how can we safeguard our current jobs?
How can we use technology to salvage the current economic meltdown felt in most countries, and will Generation Z be at the forefront of helping out?
What will phones and other devices be like 20 years from now?
What is advance technology in SCADA?
What nations do you think are most likely to have a civil war in the next 10- 15 years?
How long will I take for Microsoft Hololens (or a similar competitor) to reach maturity, flood the markets and completely change the world?
What technology is likely to be a big business in Africa in the near future?
How close are we to an efficient exoskeleton full body suit that can be used by the military?
What is the main source of energy (by type of fuel) being built in India and China over the next 10 years? Is it coal, gas, oil, renewables or nuclear?
Could a future of increasingly automated technologies destroy the world's economic system?
Technology should be a boon or a bane?
How can TV shows use augmented reality to create unprecedented interactions with their viewers?
Are we getting close to being able to fix deafness?
What are the best technologies to learn in computer science that doesn't involve math and that isn't that common but has value?
Who are the Indians who have made significant innovations in recent times but have gone unnoticed?
What are the emerging trends entrepreneurship sector?
Why hasn't Apple, Google, etc developed cool glasses with a heads up display that I can control with hand gestures and voice/whisper?
Do you think the price of housing will go down in the next 10 years?
What are the ways we could achieve immortality using our current technology?
How can we abolish Government as we know it today and establish a truly transparent, 100% representative, peer-reviewed, IT-based virtual senate (like a Quora for Capitol Hill) to decide on affairs of the State?
What are the most advanced papers on teleportation technology?
Could large slabs of land be relocated using advanced technology?
Is "The Singularity is Near" by Ray Kurzweil still relevant despite being written a decade ago?
Are there predictable trends in evolution?
Which theoretically achievable technological developments would result in the most improvement in the state of the world?
Is the RPA Developer upcoming technology or not?
With the whole smart devices and technologies could we be downgrading our intelligence to the paleolithic in the near future?
How could the internet potentially be surpassed and replaced?
In modern technology, we now have flexible supercapacitors. Can these be intertwined into a fabric? Is it possible to store electrostatic electricity in a flexible supercapacitor? If so, is it possible to create a wearable battery charger?
What will be the top emerging mobile commerce trends in 2017?
How will technology in the future all be kept updated, and which technology won't fail a human being?
Who is the most relevant among the top management thinkers to read as per recent business trends?
How could the internet become even more interesting for you?
Is it possible for future technology to create wizards?
What are the latest developments in Indian railwats?
What are the recent trends in IT or the computer field as a whole?
When will the exponential growth in technology hit a vertical straight line at which point the singularity will create the future world apart from the control of any human?
Will defensive war technology ever catch up to offensive technology?
What are the important features of online travel portal development?
What issues are there with using electronic identification over a bit of plastic/card?
What discoveries do we expect astronomy to unravel over the next 5 years?
How far away is modern weapons technology from developing large scale EMP bursts?
What will the technology value chain look like in 2020?
Do subscribers to the tech blog "The Information" get their money's worth?
How far ahead do you think you can predict the world's future correctly?
How soon if you are not doing data science, you are doing carpentry will be true?
What will our nano-future look like?
What are the upcoming technologies in SAP?
Does anyone have any idea about when and if the singularity (technological singularity) will strike us and if so, then how? Will it be for good or for bad?
What are the predictions for future year 2100 to 2200 in India and the world?
Why don't we have hydraulics in prosthetic limbs or Terminator-strength augmentations yet?
What are the features of travel software solutions provided for B2B travel agents?
Will programming become obsolete as a profession?
How are chatbots important for the travel business?
If one could clone an entire planet using an advanced future technology, should a society seek to develop such a technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in the car rental market?
How much has the world changed in the last five years? What are some of the best and worst differences overall?
What should be the cutting edge of software technology to learn that will have a good scope in the next 10 years?
What future technologies will today's tech-savvy youth find alienating and hard to use?
What are the top 5 emerging technologies that could change the internet over the next decade?
What is the influence of Big Data on the travel and tourism industry?
What are some professions that will disappear in the future due to technology and automation?
What are some facts that only the human body can do which cannot be done by any future technology?
What products and businesses are going to revolutionize the future?
Could future technology ever allow humans to forgo sleep indefinitely? If so, what technologies are being developed now to allow this in the future?
What are some reliable websites for getting updates on latest science and technology?
With all the advancements in technology in the future, how can we still have room for trees?
What's the next best thing for someone who will not go to college?
Will accounting jobs be obsolete in the next 20 years as computers can do it much better?
How do I stay updated with the world of technology?
What effect will the capabilities of 3D-Printing Edible food have on women in the future?
How do you predict future technologies no one have seen coming or thought of before?
Bob Metcalfe: What is the future of internet?
Where can I find a video about the future of our interaction with technology, as I've forgotten the title?
How much better will medicine and technology be in around 10-15 years?
What emerging technologies will revolutionize the construction industry?
What will be the technological scenario of smartphones, desktops, nanotechnology, etc. 20 years from now?
What is a technology that has not improved for several decades?
Which advertising methods will be utilised most over the next 10 years?
Why current human race has no clue of the technology and engineering methods of structures created even few hundred years ago?
Can paper notes and coins be completely replaced by technology in the future?
What are bubble cities and how is it going to be possible till the end of 2116?
What do you know about nano technology development?
What are the most interesting things going to happen in 2017 in your country?
What is your opinion on millennials, and how they will shape the world on the next years?
Can we design a computer as human brain?
Over the last 5 years, there has been a trend of posting vulgar and blatant images of girls by themselves. What are your views on this?
How does Israel have the most technologically advanced military?
Will there be any theists after two-three hundred years when technology advancements are in verge?
You travel 50 years into the Future, what do you expect to see in your own city?
What are the best examples from true innovation coming from outside an industry? Eg Apple and the iPhone / Tesla and cars
What are some specialized skills that could disappear in the next generation either through disaster or disinterest preventing it's knowledge from being transmitted?
What are the best gadgets on Amazon 2016?
How realistic are electrical VTOL cars with current technology advancement?
What are some specific examples of the term "advanced technology" that we use today?
What is the next big thing going to be after mobile apps?
What will be the upcoming trends in Polylactic Acid market?
What are the recent trends in science and technology?
What are the most promising careers for a math major through the next 5 years?
Who is the most important person in your life right now?
Does technology affect trust?
What will be the next big thing in tech?
Is there a work done for technologies that could enable humanity to live in extreme environmental conditions that might develop over the next 100 years?
Do you believe there will be any scientific breakthroughs that will allow humans to live significantly longer in the next 10-20 years?
In what ways can Microsoft improve their products?
Do people who received any type of degree(s) from online colleges or universities have a difficult time getting into the job market?
If only one smartphone, like Galaxy S6, would have been developed back in 2007, how much would it have cost, and what implications would it have had?
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical laboratory services market in 2024?
What is revolutionizing the world right now most people don't know about?
According to the current development speed of science and technology, when can we realize the widespread use of combustible ice?
What tech in the near future will mean we don't have to make passwords for online accounts anymore?
What are some things that became obsolete in 2013?
According to the BLS, employment of electrical and electronics engineers is only projected to grow 4% over the next 10 years, slower than the average for all occupations. Why do they predict this?
What is something that hasn't been invented that you wish you could invent?
What's the latest invention and practical living products?
What will the future concentration of information technology be like? Do you think that someday most of the tech work currently done by humans will come down to security if machines evolve into programmers and engineers?
What would be a newer technological threshold come through within our lifetimes?
I am 28 years old. What are the significant and revolutionary technological advancement and implementations I would be able to see in my lifetime?
How can an IT company quintuple or more its sales over the next 5 years? My company is not big but has developed a tool which can show the flow of COBOL.
What is an emerging technology you could see changing the world?
What technologies and business models exclusive to porn today will likely go mainstream in the next 5 years?
What is the current trend in stealth technologies?
What practical technologies have arisen from research into the universe's origins and future, etc.?
What are the latest design trends?
How do you envision the city of the future?
What futuristic technology/innovation should we invest in? And which may have the highest ROI?
What will multi-family housing units be like in the next 20 years?
As an early adopter which new tech disappointed you the most?
If robots decide to exterminate the human race, how would they do it?
What are some relatively recent trends/developments in electronic music?
How is Khan Academy able to explain complex ideas so much better?
What will Syria look like 5 years from now?
Do you think time travel and teleportation will be possible in the future?
What will be the biotech innovation that democratizes everyone giving us all model good looks?
How good was the Touch ID of iPhone 6s compared to other brands’ fingerprint sensors?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
Why is the online presence of your travel company vital for the business development?
Are we already living in the technological singularity?
How would the technology trend be in 10 years from now?
What will the retail store of the future look like?
Are there any good websites, that predicted trends/hot companies in the past?
What amazing technologies will we see by 2050?
What professions are most suitable for an extremely positive individual?
What are the running trends in the global pepper industry?
What are the upcoming technologies in India by 2020?
What will be the upcoming trends in Email Encryption market?
What are the odds that the Moon or Mars (or any other planets) will be colonized in the next 50 years?
What is going to change te world next like how telephones and personal computers did?
How much will the value of speaking a foreign language fall due to computer-aided translation?
What is the latest IP technology currently being used?
What are the recent trends in technical language?
What is the future for foldable smartphones?
What will be the future of IT industry in India after 15 years from now? When technology is on its extreme?
What are the latest trends in functional testing services?
What branches and industries will be guaranteed to grow in the coming 30 years?
How do I survive my last year of high school when all my friends are a year above and leaving next year?
Out of all the technology that is possible in the future, which one would have the largest impact on the human standard of living once it is achieved?
What sites should I visit frequently to keep myself up to date in the tech world?
How long will it take for Far Field wireless electricity (a.k.a. "Witricity") to be mainstream technology available for all devices?
Is technology exponentially advancing?
What is so good about SCR technology?
What will be the next revolution in physics?
When you copy a cell in MS Excel, you notice a pattern moving in clockwise. Is there any way to have it moving in the opposite direction?
What is the next big thing you want to achieve in life?
What are the areas 3D printing would benefit now and as well in near future in South Asia.
How has computer technology revolutionized the process of communication?
How prescient has JG Ballard really been about our time?
What will be the latest in software technology for the next 10 years?
What is the future of PC microprocessors?
How will technology affect tourism in the next 15 years?
Which apps or technologies would you improve if you could?
What are the best nanotech companies to work for?
How rapid is the change of technology? Is there any end to technological change?
What will be the future of technology after 10 years?
Why hasn't anyone built a good hoverboard?
What is the objective for women's safety and security wearable device?
Is Singularity a fact or just a hypothesis?
Can we measure objectively Technological Progress?
What are some cool technologies to learn in 2017?
What are the latest B2B trends?
Philosophy of Human Intelligence: What will happen first: If humans create a software program that is capable of learning and expressing emotions, or if humans find a way to scan and copy the brain in a way that preserves learning and emotional capabilities?
What are the most exciting things about the future?
What do you think will be the next big thing in CS/software after machine learning?
What is the scope of power electronics in the next 20 years for pursuing an MTech in India for an electrical BTech undergraduate?
What would be the top 5 UX / UI technologies that would effect industries in future?
What is the future for IT employees in the next 5 years?
How realistic would it be for our entire immune system to be replaced by nanobots controlled through Artificial Intelligence, periodically maintained through cloud computing, and powered by cellular respiration?
What are three of the most important technology or new media innovations that have been introduced in the last several years?
Which are the most promising future technologies?
What is a practical pathway to transhumanism?
Is the era of desktop computing over? If so, what marked its end? If not, will it end?
What are some of the interesting latest trends?
What are the current trends in Literature now a days?
What were the innovations of magnetism 5 years ago?
What will be the hottest toy next year?
What is the best IT technology to study which will be on demand for the next decade?
What are some outdoor motion capture solutions that require minimal equipment?
How can you make a picture take up a whole page on Word?
Is the airline industry expected to be regulated more or less in the next decade?
In what ways can technology be helpful to society?
Are we truly living in the future or do we still have a long way to go?
In the future will we use computers made of cloned brains instead of silicon chips?
What new gadget or device will be common place in 30 years?
What are some startup ideas with "high technical risk" that would make you extremely wealthy IF you could pull it off?
If drivers could send each other (i.e. other proximal drivers) textual messages while driving, what would some popular presets be?
What is the possibility of the euro collapsing in the next 10 years? How will this impact global markets and the future of MNCs?
Besides weaponry, what are some ways that technology have made the world a worse place?
How realistic are the concepts in Microsoft's Productivity Future Vision video?
Zoltan Istvan, a transhumanist, is running for President on the “vote for me and live forever" ticket. Are you going to support him?
What are some places where advanced technology is actually used?
What are some of the best event tech trends?
What is the weakest religion that is going to lose its prominence in the next few decades?
Do you think technological advances are always good?
What is the most technological device a man could make all by himself in the forest?
What are the most expensive purchases from an app?
How do I get the latest technology especially in networking?
How has technology changed over the past 100 years?
How can I be the smartest person in the room in the next 10 years if I start now?
What is the future of Lenovo smartphones?
What are unbelievable things now that will be real in the year 2030?
Where will the next new wave of technology come from?
How do I do an efficient patent search? What are the sites which give a patent directory of different countries?
What is the next big thing for EdTech?
What will be the most important technological/scientific discovery of the next 30 years?
How can technology help the domain of design in the future in terms of research, conceptualization, execution and business?
Any techie's on the board.. suggest me up coming trends in the software industry or a course?
What is the upcomming technology in apps and websites?
How will technology trends change how democracy works over the next 100 years?
What are the unique features of travel website design?
Will we ever be able to spawn virtual sex or romantic love robots of any shape/form in this reality?
What tech problem should I solve if I want to be rich?
What is the future of the Internet?
Will the dream of an absolute wireless power future ever come true?
Does anyone know of any books regarding the art of wealth accumulation?
What if a global Carrington Event occurred in the next decade that knocked out power for more than five years?
How will biology be developing in the next decade?
Which platform, between JauntVR and Within, has a better future and how will they compete against Youtube when everyone will have 360 degree cameras?
If I purchase a new unopened box of an iPhone 6 today and after 50 years open the box and power it on, will it work?
What do you think Quora will look like in the next ten years?
What are the most unusual websites?
Will technology always be too unsynchronized? We’re so backward that the average public restroom looks and smells disgusting.
When 3D printing becomes more widespread, and people can 3D print whatever they want how will it effect the way we live?
Will technology take away privacy completely?
Are there bottlenecks in wearable computing research?
How blockchain technology streamlines the bank payments of your travel industry?
What are the most fascinating advances in science or technology in the past year?
Which kind of technology is available to help blind people?
What are latest devolpements in the world of IT?
What are crimes you believe technology won't be able to "fix" in the next 20 years?
What are the hottest technologies in US that does not require programming?
What is the one new feature that you desperately in your mobile-phones?
Why do people think the second Machine Age will find ways to employ people just as the industrial revolution did?
How has the technology in the world affected my generation?
If the internet is a global platform why do Google and a lot of other internet services e.g. Netflix, Spotify, etc. limit their services to only a few countries, and is there a chance it might get better in the near future?
Can we use the same engine for next year?
What will happen to human beings centuries from now?
Is the inventor or discoverer of a technology an expert in that technology and the field of that technology?
Will present smartphones support 5G network?
Will I be likely to see bigger returns from a CD or a U.S Treasury bond over the next 5 years?
Which technologies do you think will shape science in the next 5 years?
What are the latest trends in aerospace?
Is a YouTube video permanent, even after centuries?
Is motion sensor technology the future?
If there will be mass technological unemployment by the 2030s, then would it make sense to simply unschool everyone who was born in the 2010s and after?
How can I mount a drive from my Windows Share Folder onto a Ubuntu OS.
What tech is trending in 2017?
What new technology one should follow in coming 2017?
How do I know the upcoming flight fare trends?
What are the key developments of latest GST?
Which trends are expected to occur in 2017?
What’s new in technology?
What are the Technology Trends that SMBs should look for in 2017-18?
What are crazy new technologies that we are expecting to experience in the near decade?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Point-of-Care Diagnostics / Testing (POCT) market?
What will the "digital divide" look like 10 years from now? Will the socio-economic divide that is already happening based on technology advances become exponentially exacerbated? What are the long-term implications of a continuing divide?
What are the importance of technology?
Will Hadoop be still there 30 years from now?
What diseases do you think will be cured within the next 5 years?
What is behind cutting edge geometry?
Is it possible the countries in the future become self-rule controlled by artificial intelligence?
If we could see the future, what products or services would we stop using in the present?
How will technology change in the next 10 years?
Do we know how to make far more advanced technology than the government tells us?
How powerful could Egypt and South Africa be in the next 20 years?
What are future technologies for automobiles?
Where do you see Twitter in the next decade?
Is it true that most of the Indian IT companies would be irrelevant in the next 5 years?
How will the IT industry change in next 10 years?
What are some technology revolutions that may come in the future?
What is the next leap forward in smart phones?
Will something like the Marauder's Map from Harry Potter ever become an acceptable interface for a realtime geosocial service?
How do you virtualize an object by scanning it?
If an iPhone is properly stored and buried, what are the chances that the iPhone would still function 25,000 years later?
Which person looks down upon people more in the following two cases?
Do you guys think Amazon Go is the next big in the shopping world?
How can I use Android with latest technology?
What impact will wearable technology have on the healthcare sector?
How do i figure out if i'm creating a must have product?
What are examples of new technology that failed to replace its older counterpart?
What are the car rental iPhone apps that help users to hire cabs easily?
What's the industry development trend for now?
Has Moore's Law remained valid over the past 5 years?
What would the perfect commercial real estate marketplace look like?
What year will we be in when our technology looks like the technology in Star Wars?
What is the future of augmented reality?
Could someone hire a futurologist to create very advanced, futuristic ideas in technology?
How realistic is a cure for aging within the next 50 years?
Are any countries at risk of experiencing a human population collapse in the next 20 years? What are they and why?
Would ages change in the future?
In your opinion, which technologies are critical for the future? And why?
Which is best future strategy with no loss?
What businesses will be disrupted by AI in the near future?
Given a choice and when the technology becomes feasible, would you opt to extend your lifespan and physical capabilities by becoming a cyborg?
With advancement in technology, are development of cities still relevant?
Can technology ever replace the human element in recruitment?
Could somebody recommend me some websites and sources to keep myself updated on business, tech and future forecasts?
What are your predictions in the next 20 years for the culture war?
When will nano-technology benefit consumers?
Who are some of the current thought leaders of the 21st century?
How will AI advance in the next 10 years? No, really.
How does Silicon Valley plan to deal with the problems that automation is bound to create?
How do you think World Cinema will develop over the next 50 years?
What are some emerging technologies that are not iterative and are predicated on new areas of discovery?
What is the next big thing from Blockchain for brands and the marketing space, and what happens if they ignore them now?
What are the latest trends, opportunities and challenges in FMCG sector?
Would the government allow Ford and GM to put unsafe cars on the road?
Deep learning is touted as the next big thing in technology. What are your views on it?
After 2030, what will the future work in IT industries be?
What would be the most 'futuristic' modern science in the next decades?
What is the most hotly anticipated gadget of 2017?
How far can we push technology?
Can the world live without electronic gadgets in the future?
How do I hold a successful voluntary party in honor of a ten year anniversary?
What are the barriers keeping us from developing Ghost in the Shell-level technology?
I've founded a company and built a working prototype but personally can't build the product. Should I seek venture funding or a technical co-founder?
Which latest technology is the best in information technology?
Do the advanced technologies like life resurrection shown in movies have chances of being there in the future?
What are the new advanced technologies used in enhanced oil recovery?
Will humanity even become capable of genetically coding and engineering completely new and exotic forms of life. Not clones or resurrected species, but rather a brand new and isolated form of sentient life?
Where do you see biotechnology going in 20-30 years?
Which technology is trending now in the IT industry?
What will the upcoming trends be in the autoinjectors market?
How many generations/ years does it take to render a phone obsolete?
Will drone technology and better battery technology create, in the near future, Jetson-like air vehicles?
The Future: Is the video, "Humans Need Not Apply", accurate in stating that machines will replace most human labor?
What is the future of communication technology?
What are the current trends in Indian architecture?
What are the most sold cell phones?
What is GSM module?
What are the features of corporate Travel software management solutions?
What are the advanced technologies in the field of thermal engineering?
Will humans eventually become obsolete?
What will be the 5 most important disruptive consumer technologies in the next 10 years?
Which books have been written on the technological singularity?
Can I use articles from tech applications to create videos for my channel?
How likely is it that one will be able to upload one's consciousness to a computer in the near future? 
Where do you see Nagpur in next 5 years?
How close are we to getting rid of keyboards entirely?
What can be done about the Bangalore transport issue in the next 10 years?
What emerging new materials will revolutionize industries the way plastics and cement did?
How can we use science and technology in development of a nation?
What currently available technology do you think will persist the longest throughout future generations?
What would be the next technological revolution after digital cash?
What are recent technological advances in x-ray imaging?
How is auditing in India going to change in the next 5 years?
What are some of the newest technologies for the infantry?
What are your predictions for the software development industry over the next 5 years?
What properties of graphene make it useful for what type of technologies?
Is the humanity from the world declining due to the technological advancements?
What are your thoughts about the prospect of Finland's economy in the next 5 years?
What are the hottest topics in technology today?
What ​kind of a robot would you like to see in the future? What are some projects that might be impossible with today's technology?
What will the future of robots look like in the next 50 - 100 years? Will they replace humans?
What are the main challenges of wearable device`s usability testing?
How wearable technology will affect culture as a whole?
Will phones of the future ever be transparent?
What roles, if any, has Star Wars had in guiding the modern global culture toward a moral, ethical, and technological future?
How does microwave cause heating in oven?
What will car technology be like in 25 years?
What are the most promising research topics in medicine and pharmacy in the next 5-10 years?
When was technology developed?
What popular jobs do you think will cease to exist in the next 20-30 years?
Will companies like Facebook, Uber, and Airbnb survive in the market for the next 20 years?
What trends are you expecting to see for technology in 2017?
Should we focus more on genetic engineering instead of artificial intelligence for the best of our future?
What kind of a technological development would be necessary to unify the world government?
What are the upcoming technologies in the mechanical field?
What are the best TED talks about future of Technology one must watch?
What country has suffered the most from China Technological espionage?
How do SaaS organizations allocate accounts to sales reps?
Will computers rule the world one day?
What are some trends that will influence the 2018 Superbowl's ads?
Do you know of any form of "future tech" that is already in use even though the general public still thinks we are some way off from using it?
Which jobs could be the most prospective in the next 5-10 years?
How about some insights on robotics trends for today?
What are some of the best Facebook pages to like if I want to be updated regarding the latest technologies, gadgets, PCs, and mobile phones?
Is this Tatvlogy latest technology to know self is welknown?
Has anyone besides Cody Wilson printed a Liberator 1? Did they shoot it? Can gun 3D printing be a thing in the future?
What technologies could be used to reduce the frequency and intensity of earthquakes in the future?
What is going to replace banks/the banking system? For example, small stores got replaced by new technology.
Is auditing safe from being automated in the next 50 years?
Is HUVr (hoverboards) for real, or is this an elaborate hoax?
What are some of the things that appears to be a science fiction, but are actually true?
Are there legal limitations that hinder the advancement of battery technology/production in the US?
What is the current technology on virtual sex? Does it look like it might become a reality in the near future?
Which professions are most likely to disappear in near future?
Considering the exponential development of technology, in how many years will an aging death free society be possible?
What's your favorite reoccurring technological fantasy?
What are the most technologically advanced air superiority fighters currently?
Are smartphones bad for kids?
Is there a chance that technology will allow us a major jump forward in our ability to fight viruses in the next 50 years?
Can anyone comment on the current functional technology of upper arm prosethteics? What is the level of technology at use?
Who invented li-fi?
If you could ask an all-knowing supercomputer three questions, what would they be?
What will books look like in 20 years?
What do you think is the next age, after that of the current IT age?
What's a good alternative to Engadget for tech news?
Technological advancement is great, but are we engineering our own hell and eventual demise?
What's exploding in the US that hasn't arrived yet in Europe?
Can Reliance Jio become a profitable venture in the next 5 years?
Where do you think the 3D printing business will be in ten years?
What will be the next few billion+ Y-Combinator valuations?
Why aren't robotics technologies more pervasive in such an essential industry as agriculture?
Has the price to elaborate and produce a nuclear weapon been decreasing since 1942?
Is it possible to communicate with smart glass?
How close are we to electronic storage of human memory?
What is the technology about flexible screens?
Will money still be useful in 40 years?
What interesting developments can we expect in robotics in the next 5 years?
What industries are the most outdated with technology?
What is the source of information for Subramanyam KVJ with respect to technological innovations and advancements and how much time is spent daily?
What kind of technology will change our world completely in the following 20 years?
How much percent of the world is actually driving technological progress?
What are the hot industry new trends?
How do QR codes work?
Will human vocal cords weaken over time due to technological alternatives?
Will there be Apple motorbikes too?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enterprise Asset Management market?
How much more technologically advanced will mankind become in the next 100 years?
How likely is it that by the year 2050, human life expectancy will be more than 200 years?
Will the rise of robotics reverse the trend of manufacturing offshoring for the US?
What changes do you think will happen in your field of work in the next 20 years?
If you came out with the next thing after smartphones, could that make you a trillionaire?
What are the latest trends in salwar suits?
What do you think the future of mobile technology?
Does Societe Generale use the latest technology?
There were huge advances in technology, capability, etc. in the 20th century. What advances took place between the years 0 and 1000?
How will the use of multirotors change filmmaking by 2020?
Why does the older generation find it significantly hard to adapt to new technology?
How do I grow my detailing company in the next 5 years?
Which technologies do you think will be a main part of our life the next five years?
Why do people think we can go 100% renewable in the next 20 years?
How do you see the changes, both technological and philosophical, in the world during the next 50 years?
Are wrongful executions possible in today technology?
Which open source technology will have ample business in next 2 years from now?
How likely is it that we get people to Mars within the next decade?
What are the upcoming grpahic design trends?
In what ways is advanced artificial intelligence likely to change the present economic and political paradigms of humanity?
What are the new fields in biotechnology?
Why do Japanese work long hours despite having the world's most advanced robotics technology?
What could be the major emerging pathogens in the next decades?
Where did the notion that science is somehow cold and soulless stem from?
How will todays technology develop over the next 10-20 years from now?
What is the next giant leap in terms of user interface?
Can we expect a Yuphoria Plus in the near future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Electronic Access Control market?
Why don't people know it's rude not to text back?
What technology can virtualize a person from real-time reality to a real-time 3D model?
Is Google aware that Voice First devices will break the pay-per-click business model?
What is the most important technology ever crafted?
What is the future of plasma technology?
Will there ever be a time when a salesperson in the field can be replaced effectively by technology?
How do you think will the technology industry evolve in the next 10 years?
How has China changed over the past 5 years, both in size and technological advancement?
Is there such a thing as feminine technology and feminist technology? What are some examples?
Does anybody feel old when seeing the technological advancements of today while being a 20-year-old?
Being in offshoring and outsourcing, I am seeing low levels in vendor’s quality of work. What do you think will happen to the industry in the next 5 years?
How can I get new technology news?
What is so “bad” about the Fantasyland Institute of Learning - Code Of Professionalism (FCOP)?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in X-ray Equipment market?
Is there any future developments in Manikonda area in Hyderabad?
They say that computer/IT was the 1990-age, then what technology is the future?
Which book should I use for the latest trends and technology in the fields of mechanical and automobile engineering?
How advanced are Chinese high-speed trains?
In what ways will the human brain evolve in the coming centuries in response to the exponential growth of technology?
What will the upcoming trends be in the asthma therapeutics market?
What is ZigBee?
Is there a timeline for future military innovations?
What will the world look like in 10 years?
Is Garbine Muguruza the next big?
What are some of the most notable inventions that were once just a fantasy in a movie, but have now became a reality?
What recent new technology excites you?
With all the stuff we put on the internet a psychologist could easily get a pretty good profile of us.Could this be used in the future to benefit us or harm us?
Why is Hadoop training in Bangalore in high demand?
Is wearable tech dead?
What do you predict the world will be like in 50 years?
Which will be more popular 10 years from now, Twitter or Snapchat?
What is the future of Tesla Super-Chargers technology?
When will humans produce the first holodeck?
Was Steve Jobs right that “the biggest innovations of the twenty-first century will be the intersection of biology and technology”?
What should I learn to create next big startup?
How do you keep your mind on the future goal of creating or being a part of an awesome interactive experience without getting derailed or uninterested with all the bullshit hoops you have to jump through?
Will Eugene Goostman bots replace all human workers?
What's the most likely scenario for the fall of the iPhone from top? And when?
How is data stored in DNA?
What will we be able to do in the next 10 years that we can't do now?
Is 'The Singularity' a religion? If so what kinds of negative effects is this having on the direction technology is taking in Silicon Valley?
What is the latest technology in brakes?
Earth is about to be destroyed.  You can take 1,000 metric tons of anything you want to Mars.  What do you take, and how, step by step, do you rebuild civilization?
Will the US military (or any other nation) attempt to design and build a real-life Iron Man suit?
What should I learn in next 5 years to become financially successful?
What are the latest key disrupters in cloud as a service in the next 5 years?
Computers have made most of the billionaires in this era. What is the next big thing?
What will be the next big change in the Energy industry?
What are the future trends and industries that will shape the economic landscape in the coming years?
What new braille devices will be out in the future?
How would it be possible to see the future if choice creates unlimited possibilities?
How have technology standardization affected the price of technology and benefited consumers?
Can we make a flying car with the state's current EmDrive technology?
What are the new innovations in wearables in 2017?
What are the two top-most obstacles to India's economic progress in next 5 years?
Is it possible to look 5 to 10 years younger naturally even if one has led an unhealthy lifestyle for a couple of years, say, 5 years?
What actually is the "Internet of Things" (IoT), which is regarded as the future of connectivity by Cisco and many other companies?
What are those things that are still being used by Indians despite new technologies?
How far will cognitive systems develop and is the potential huge for them in the future?
Will the technological advancements continue to save humanity from problems and crises we encountered in the future?
What car will replace the Mercedes Benz SLS?
What will be the upcoming trends in the breast biopsy devices market?
If technology made Hollywood, can technology also take it away?
What are some cool future technologies and products I should keep tabs on (2017)?
Who monitors private technological advancements to keep us up-to-date and safe with new technology?
What new technologies would be required to efficiently recycle modern computers and consumer electronics back into their original raw materials?
How were the Tamils defeated in Sri Lanka, and in the reality of the country, how will their future likely pan out?
Could it be possible to download food in the future?
Over the next 5 years, which technology will have the greatest impact in accounting?
Are people going to be rated and starred in the near future? Will that change how society works?
How futuristic is interstellar travel based on current technology? Is there a Murphy's law that gives a relative estimate?
Even if the "technological singularity " does not happen by 2050, do you think that we would have pretty advanced technology by then?
Regardless of the discussion about who copied who, what will the next genuine step up, be in the smartphones?
What is the future of Virtual and Augmented Reality?
What does Obama think of Hyperloop?
Which three Latin American countries have the brightest economies in the next 10 years?
What are the chances that a flying car will be offered at the consumer level in the next 25 years?
What is the best website for an mechanical enginner to learn the latest technology?
Is it possible that human surgeons will be replaced by robots in the near future?
Does raising the minimum wage eliminate jobs by increasing the level of Technological unemployment?
Where can I get daily news updates about technology?
Who are the most influential women in tech?
After Android, what comes next in the evolution of mobile technology?
What will working in an office be like in 20 years? Will computers be obsolete?
How will technology change our lives in 20 years?
Is the technological revolution going to change everything?
How are we able to see 3D objects when our retina is just a 2D screen?
How do I future-proof my career in India? What are the industries that will vanish in the next 20 years?
What triumph of the next 20 years will come to haunt us?
If you could have a 3 second 'SnapChat' depicting your future, would you want to see it? Why/why not?
What will be the top 5 booming industries in engineering in the next decade?
Where do you see market of engineering in next 6-7 years?
The time has come for a new mobile phone, and I don't feel I can justify the cost of iPhones anymore. Which alternative phone should I be looking at?
Which area of computer science has the greatest potential for advancement in the next 30-50 years?
What is "movable wing technology" in the aerostructure industry, and what are the last trends of this technology?
What are the most noteworthy economic trends we may see in 2017?
William Gibson said "The future is here, it's just not evenly distributed yet." What futures have you seen that are here, but unrecognized?
Can I expect a holographic presentation in the next generation of smartphones?
If information technology field keeps on improving like this what will happen in future is there any chance for downturn for ever in future?
Why are mechanical engineering students different from other branches?
Will current day technology be lost over time without becoming obsolete?
How can advanced nuclear energy technologies (such as HTGR, SFR and MSR) play a role in the international energy landscape of the future, in terms of safety, security and waste generation?
Where I can read about new trends in celebrity management?
What technology in IT should I know myself to stay ahead in the coming 2-3 years?
What different benefits has technology brought?
Why is it that technology will or won't change the world?
Which is a worth buying laptop, HP Pavilion 14-al022tu or HP 14-am081tu?
Is there competition and threats to the English language?
What do you predict for industry development in Vancouver island for the next 5 years?
What are the events in the movie Interstellar that can be possible in the near future?
Will Linux still be here 30 years from now?
Can we use machine learning to predict the future?
Is there any limit to the number of users that can connect to a mobile tower (BTS)?
Which will be the next big technology shift in finance and banking?
If a time comes when we have mastered nuclear fusion energy (or other large energy source), what other technologies would you expect to already exist?
Will it be possible to "download" content in our brains?
How valid / useful can economic and political forecasts be 5 to 10 years ahead?
What are the trending technologies of 2017?
What are going to be the big growth areas and trends for wearables in 2017?
What is the history of Apple, Inc.?
What are some under-development technologies which can bring a revolution in the world?
How might adaptive computing influence the future?
What are the current and upcoming trends in sailing?
How will technology change forensic science over the next 50 years?
Is there any web development company with latest technology?
When will personal flying devices be made affordable? Will they ever?
In the future, will we able to create spore-like creatures in real life?
What can be the next big innovation in enterprise computing?
Is it possible to create a bot that can read books and pages the way we read in our mind? If so, how can one train it as the pace of reading differs, every time.
How correct it would be to say that all the technological development of the present age has taken place in just last 500 years?
When will we have this century's major theory? A theory that will change the way we perceive our universe?
Which is better for engineering, EC or CE (computer) from a learning point of view and the trend in the next 5 years?
What are the top SEO trends that will dominate 2017?
Does Duracell really make sense as a long term investment for Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway? Is the future likely to have fewer disposable batteries and more rechargeable ones? Are there any other long term technology issues that could lessen the value of Duracell?
What is an electromagnetic pulse bomb? What is the technology behind it and how effective is it? Is it feasible? Can we see it being used in near future?
Are we moving towards a digital future?
Does microsoft has the future of technology envisaged?
How can the advancement of technology be used to minimize suffering around the world?
What's the next big step for Snapchat Ar?
What was it about Thumbtack that took it five years to develop?
Is Y Combinator's AngelConf worth attending?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What are some of the best pieces of technology displayed in TRYST over the past few years?
How is the fashion industry affected by the development of technology?
What are the things that will catch up in the next 10 years like web-based services did in the late 1990s and 2000s?
What are some examples of the latest technological innovations of the cell phone?
What is the latest technology in cars?
How do you see the future of Pakistan shaping up in the next 20 years?
What are some transforming technologies and how have Innovations in IT changed the world?
Laptops, Tablets and Smartphones- Which of these will be the first to die down?
What industries and technologies will provide opportunities for career growth at top tech firms in the coming years?
We hold the ability to connect globally in the palm of our hands. What will we hold in our hand, say, two hundred years from now that will represent the leap in technology the smart phone has?
Why use technology?
How long will it be before China's cultural and political civilisation matches its recent advances in economic and technological progress?
Which careers and skills will survive technological automation in the next 50-100 years?
What's the next big thing after blogging?
What is the newest technology in currency making?
Which new technology is in high demand in information technology?
Companies, Products, and Services: What are some interesting potential uses of Ultra-Ever Dry?
What would the economy of the Federation from Star Trek look like?
How can sensors in the "Internet of Things" be recycleable?
Is 2017 going to be the next IT industry bubble year?
How will aviation evolve in the next 50 years?
Will technology in the future disrupt the talent for mentalism, magic or mind reading? Will these talents lose their significance?
What are some future networking technologies which are currently under development?
How do I keep track of new technologies?
How do I keep myself motivated in life?
How will human hands evolve or change due to widespread use of keyboards and mice in the next 500 - 1000 years?
What's the future of typing on smartphones?
What is the drawback in the next generation of firewalls using DPI technique?
If the U.S. focused all of its resources on one future technology, which one would provide the greatest benefit?
If robots will do everything for us, what will we do?
What company will likely be first to offer consumers non-medical implantations of computer technology into the human body?
The crypto-currency MasterCoin is supposed to offer features in the codebase that allow for zero-trust contracts. Is this new way of hedging going to lead to lots of traction?
Who could be the next 1000% rise company in the next 2-5 years? It took Tesla about 2 years to get inflated
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
How will technology look like in 2050?
How do I know if there's any patent related to this structure?
What will smartphones be like ten years from now?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past decade?
What are going to be the leading industries and types of businesses in the next 50 years?
What current medical technological advances have been made in Cranioplasty?
Is it safe to assume that time-travel will never exist because nobody has come back from the future to give us the technology?
How do you see the high-tech landscape ten years from now?
How will be the market of Patanjali in next 10 years?
What is the future of mobile phones? Will wearable devices ever replace cellphones?
Is it possible that in the people of the future will abandon technology a return to a similar way of life?
What are the best sources/websites for articles for IT professionals to read so that they are aware of current research/advancements?
If the technology to digitally upload your mind becomes available, why would or wouldn't you do it?
What are the things that Indians are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
How will politics be in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in the video surveillance equipment and services market?
If technology growth continues at it's current pace, how long before ftl technology is developed?
Could holographic displays replace present display technologies entirely in the near future?
Will humans ever be completely replaced by machines in trading?
Are there still World's Fair-like events that showcase the “world of tomorrow”?
What's the best way to prepare for the next big thing in tech?
What is dating technology?
What are some new trends In Metabolics engineering?
How will the availability of MOOC effect human civilization in the next 10 years?
Is .cloud a good domain for the next 10 years?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
What is the future of advertising?
What is the future of household gas in the near future, in the sense that is the government going to stop the subsidized LPG in the coming months?
What are the best arguments for and against "tech singularity"?
What are some good resources for learning about how cars work as well as keeping up to date with new trends and technology in the auto industry?
What is the latest technology in 2017?
What are the latest online business trends I can take advantage of this year?
Can we live and feel connected without the current form of internet in the future?
What do you think IT will look like in 10 years in a non-IT company?
What do people think will be the biggest breakthrough in technology in the next 10 years?
What is the best way to stay up to date on artificial Intelligence advancements?
What are upcoming industries/technologies that will change the world and create multi-billion dollar industries like Microsoft and Apple did?
What's new in computer technology?
Will the current age we are living in be described as a technological revolution by future historians?
Are those 2 next years the most important years for the future of Tesla?
What are some cool examples of futuristic weapons that the U.S. armed forces may wield some day, that could reasonably be built as technology improves?
What would it take to shut down the internet for, let's say 100 years and then someone in the future discovers it again on accident?
If braille won't be supported in the future how will deaf-blind people use braille displays and other braille devices in the future?
What emerging areas in clean tech have the biggest potential for growth in the years leading to 2020?
Even if the technology was possible, are flying cars a good idea?
Will it be possible in the future for computers to populate by themselves by creating a merge copy of 2 different systems, therefore creating diversity among systems and electronics devices?
What are the latest technologies we must know?
What are the frequent queries about technology?
What all features one can expect from the development of wearable devices?
Will it ever become commonplace to permanently and electively augment  your body with advanced technology?
How was Nutanix able to disrupt the virtualization market and take on big players like VMware within a short span of time?
How do I predict, manage, and track the rapid exponential pace of change and breakthroughs? How can I predict and track its current and future consequences?
How did Tropicana Field become obsolete so quickly?
Ignoring technology, what are the most important facets of a strong civilization?
What could be the two latest global trends in manufacturing and how can Nestle benefit from them?
Through technology advancement, are we making our lives easier or are we getting lazier?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ablation Devices market?
Is it really true that robots will take over so many jobs in the UK in the next 20 years? And how about the US?
How do voice assistants like Amazon Echo and Google Home challenge the television as the center of living room entertainment?
Where can I find the latest automotive development?
How do I completely and utterly kill and remove all my emotions forever, never to exist again, without losing my mind or intelligence?
Is it realistic at this point to imagine a future technology that allows anyone to learn whatever they want?
What moonshots do you think will succeed in the next decade? Which ones will change your life?
Is advances in animation technology a threat to actors and filmmaker's jobs?
How can technology improve STEM education?
What are the next holidays coming up?
How will recruiting change or evolve in the next 10 years?
After smartphones, solar panels, auto drive cars, what is the next big thing in Technology?
What are the best practices to predict the trend?
What is the most probable way to create a pillow which records your dreams?
What will be the most groundbreaking products with augmented reality?
What is the best technology to learn in IT field currently?
Do you think steam cars could return in the future with all the technology we have?
What technology is needed for the world now and in the future, especially in India?
What will be the upcoming trends in Web Content Filtering market?
Do you believe that Lucknow will become an anti-corrupt city in next 5 years?
How can you improve technology for better online sales?
How will self-driving cars help shape the future? What changes will result as they become more prevalent?
As of March 2017, what is the latest advancement in NLP with potentially a high impact in moving the field forward?
Can a super computer create the most efficient human language someday in the near future?
What are the most important ideas in Heidegger's philosophy related to technology?
What is the impact of technological change on employment opportunities?
Is the Telugu film industry going to bloom in the near future?
Do you think, generations later, the question of what came first, the OS or the gadget, would pop up?
What technologies will the year 2055 bring us?
What will be the best technology in 2025?
What is the difference between color and colour?
What are the different practices of wearable computing research?
What do we need to live on the moon?
Technology: What are the economic advantages of computerized machines vs human workers?
What is the process and how do you create the exterior of products such as Nest, GoPro, Dyson Fans?
How do you think the internet will change in the next 20 years?
Where are we now in term of touchpad technology and related computer science?
What will be the most amazing technology innovation we encounter in 2017?
If you had to categorize all technology into 3-4 groups, what would the groups be?
When will Microsoft announce a new/refreshed Surface Studio?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile wallet industry be?
Why will ISPs block all cloud storage services without net neutrality?
What are the most interesting software trends right now? And which trends are being overplayed?
It’s been a year that I haven’t been doing backend programming. How can I keep up with the latest trends?
How is technology going to transform the world in the coming 50 years?
Which was more difficult given the time and technology: landing a man on the moon in 1969 or the plot of Interstellar in a "not too distant future"?
What is Taobao's strategy for the next 10 years?
What kind of technologies can be used for upgrading cafes?
What will technology be like on Earth 10,000 years from now?
I am terrified of the level of automation world is moving towards. Are you?
Why, do you think, some older people have trouble adapting to new technologies?
What will be the latest CRM technological, conceptual and execution breakthroughs that will shape how brands connect and relate to customers in 2017?
What will be the future of Oracle apps technology? Is it better to move towards Analytics in near future?
When will 3D printing become an economical manufacturing technology for mass production?
Which technology trends are most destructive?
What are the latest innovations in mechanical engineering?
What are some career options available after studying Nanotechnology?
What would be different if Mars had complex life around our level of civilization, and had a similar biosphere to earth?
What are the global trends in mobile university learning?
Why are scientists saying we will have a population implosion in the next 50 years?
What are some things that digital technology can never replace?
Which technology is better for future in BI technology?
What are some difficult tricky brain teasers that will get me thinking?
Aside from AI, what other technologies do you think will change the upcoming world?
What are the steps towards camel milk technology in the future?
What is the most exciting technology company out there at the moment and why?
What do you think computers will be like in 10 years?
How technologically advanced will the world be in the next 10 to 20 years?
Will we ever reach a limit in technology and science?
Could Microsoft be benefiting massively from the WannaCry ransomware attack?
With the existence of many online tools (Mobile IM, Facebook, WhatsApp) do you think the email technology will be dead in the next 5 years?
What are some everyday technologies that originated in the field of rocketry?
Realistically, how long does humankind have to wait for self-sustaining colonies throughout the solar system?
Has the internet ruined mankind and mankind's future?
Will there be a device that can control human thoughts wirelessly?
With Robotics and Automation fast becoming a part of our daily lives, what does this mean for laypeople of society and what occupations will they have?
What sort of technology is needed to be able to record our dreams? Will this ever be possible in the future?
What are general expected certification trends of 2017?
Is it possible for the whole Internet to ever go down? How or why not?
What are the practical examples of ferrocement technology?
Where do you see Wait But Why in 5 years?
Who is aware that the world is going another direction based on technology?
What will be the internet trends for 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Healthcare cybersecurity market?
What’s next, after the internet and mobiles?
What is the next big thing after Facebook/ Twitter?
What crazy thing can you think of that we will have in the future?
Why do people think all tech industry workers are rich/six-figure earners?
What will be the future technologies for IT jobs?
How do websites like softwaregeeks and kinguin sell genuine windows OEM licenses for one fifth of the normal retail price?
In your opinion what will be different (technological, social, political, etc) in the world twenty five years from now? How much of a difference? How much the same?
How can I get expert help for implementing wearable technology at workplace?
What were the major advancements between the XT and the AT, that made the AT seem like advanced technology?
Is Peter Thiel's deceleration of progress-criticism wrong because GDP (the measure a large part of his line of reasoning depends on) does not reflect the economic reality generated by technology?
Is our current technological rate of improvement faster than what it used to be?
How do I select the best microcontroller for a specific application?
What is the new technology that could be a game changer in coming years?
Is technology dividing us apart?
When you are looking to replace technology in your business, how do you go about evaluating the technology?
Will rejuvenation become possible in future medical technology?
What might be the greatest change that can happen in the field of cooking in the upcoming years?
What is the newest thing, in terms of mobile tech, which is poised to grow exponentially in the future?
What are the most recent technological developments which have appeared in cars?
For future education needs, what is more eco-friendly: books, or tablet computers?
What is the next big thing, that we can expect from Quora in terms of feature, as there is lot happening with others in internet space?
What is the latest emerging technology in ECE field?
What will be the upcoming trends in Underground Mining Equipment market?
What future trends could reverse the worldwide trend of urbanization?
Do you think we'll be immortal in 25-30 years from now?
Would you relive some periods of your past if technology allowed us to do so?
What's the future of media industry in the next 10 years?
Which mobile technology is used in India?
What are upcoming trends in the Aerial Imaging market?
What is the future of Scala? Does it have the capability to replace existing technologies like Java/Ruby?
Which sites should I visit to keep myself updated in computer science?
What are the opportunities for ASEAN IT companies in Europe?
How should I scale my future from now?
Will an overall increase in intelligence and technology eventually destroy religion and the primitive instinct of violence?
Looking forward what are the next, probable, asset bubbles to burst in the next 5 years?
What will be the replacement for mobiles in future?
Is it rational to assume that such advanced technological humanoids were unable to predict the destruction of Krypton?
What future tech would you want to see in your house in the future?
What technology will disappear in the next 20 years?
What is the next big invention?
Will human demand for data storage eventually peak, or will it keep increasing indefinitely?
How will society deal with mass unemployment in the impending Second Machine Age, when human labor becomes largely useless?
When will Gurgaon become a smart city?
What changes or improvements can we expect in the next 5 years in the way data is managed?
What's a good Tech school in the US? See details
In the future, is spaceship/fighter combat realistic or to be expected? Or will military endeavors still be primarily rooted on planets themselves?
Why are wearable gadgets generally more expensive while less functional than non-wearable ones?
Why haven't we found a better solution to replace screws?
Can technology advancement make communism a reality without the painful failure of the case in Russia?
Do you think Bajaj Autos is good in their R&D, and where do you see the future of Bajaj Autos in the next 4 to 5 years?
What is the next big revolution?
What are the RPA industry trends?
What groundbreaking technology are you excited to see evolve?
What will infantry weaponry and armor be like in the far, distant futures of military?
What will the human experience be 50 million years from now, if we keep improving our technology?
What are some great smart cities projects using open data?
What are some of the phenomena that can trigger runaway technological development and what are some of the foreseen effects?
What will be the scope of finance in next 5 years?
Will doctors be out of jobs because of online diagnoses in the next 50 years?
Which is the booming language or framework in the software industry right now which is going to boom for another 10-15 years?
Was the invention of the Internet and other information-age technologies an example of a technological singularity?
Does science fiction influence scientific thought and technological development? If so, to what degree?
What's the upcoming new technology this year?
Is it possible that it was humans from the future that were the ones that sent technology to the past that built all the Pyramid etc?
What advanced technology has been introduced in cars?
What is the best to follow the latest technology development?
What are the best technology incubators in India?
What are latest trends in hardware trojans?
What do you predict will be the highest growth industries in Asia and Africa in the next 10 years?
What are some average scientific gas price predictions for the US over the next 20 years?
What are the future aspects of staying in the infrastructure and cloud computing division in IT?
What are the new technologies in robotics?
How do developers stay relevant and up-to-date?
What does "i'll be freeloading into next year" mean?
What are the new trends in Nano Technology for 2017?
Is technology making us dumber or smarter?
Are potential unemployment figures hidden by outdated IT that many companies and even corporations use?
What is the future and scope of cloud computing, worldwide and in Nepal?
What is(are) the break through invention(s) in the yr of 2013 in any field that has(have) improved human life or become easier a lot?
Has advances in technology caused increased insecurity compared to more good globally?
What will be the upcoming trends in In-flight Connectivity market?
What is the latest technology used in spacecraft?
Why are we busier than people were 100 years (or 1000 years) before, although we have developed many technologies, sciences, machines, computers, the internet, etc.?
There are new TVs supporting Android. Will the Android TV be a success in the near future?
Will virtual reality increase or decrease tourism?
What's going to happen to printed media in the 5 to 10 years?
What is the latest growing IT technology, and what are some good training centres in Bangalore for learning this technology?
Why are some people annoyed with some popular trends? Has it always been like this before the internet?
How can technology help Indian farmer?
What top 10 technological advancements in MEP will revolutionize construction industry?
What features might the smartphones of 2025 have?
What do you think will happen to the Middle East in the next 20 years?
What are the different features of travel solutions provided for business travel companies?
Is Android worth learning for a tech entrepreneur who wants to build a social network in 2016-2017?
What are the latest technologies to be learnt in Software testing?
When will 3D printing become mainstream?
Why should I use Apache Flink when Spark and Hadoop are already there?
What future innovation will we use so guns cannot shoot random  people but CAN shoot in self-defense? Thoughtful answers please!
What new product/technology has left you amazed?
What will be the upcoming trends in Drug Delivery Technologies market?
What will happen when everyone becomes tech savvy?
What will be the upcoming trends of Flexible Electronics market?
What are some likely technological limitations? What are some examples where the laws of physics may prevent us from progressing in a field of tech?
What are some industries, if any, which will not be transformed by artificial Intelligence in the next 10 years?
What is the future of fast casual restaurant technology?
Do you think cannabis is going to be the next big thing?
Will history be recorded in a more accurate and detailed way? (Due to modern technology)
What innovations are likely to happen in the next ten years?
What are some of the touch points for customers in the travel industry?
Which latest technology is used in Android applications?
Why do you perceive technology as such a big threat for humanity?
Do you think millennials will become inept to future technology like some of our parents are now?
What are the latest trends in compliance with responsible sourcing requirements?
What is the state of the art in intelligent robotics as of 2016?
Is live streaming growing as a mode of social media? Is it the next big thing?
Was Steve Jobs over hyped?
What do you think the future holds for companies involved in residential solar installation? Will there be any LT sustainable businesses?
What impact will SoftBank's $100B Vision Fund have on the venture capital industry in the US?
What great advances in technology will be made by open source programming?
What would be the most technologically advanced blogging backend?
What are some predictions for the best Tech companies in 2017?
What is the future of smart phones design will they able to replace laptops?
Which black mirror scenario do you think is the most likely to happen in the next 20 years?
What is the latest technology in TV?
What are some of the most exciting advances in medical technology that are being pioneered now?
What are the key trends and technologies that marketers are looking to implement in the business in 2017?
What are the top 20 embedded development trends in 2017?
What is the best biosecurity?
How can I be updated about HR trends?
Why has technology favoured skilled workers over the past 60 years?
How do I find people who are so smart that can create any advancement and anything I can imagine with technology for my startup?
Is it possible to build a human transportation machine in future?
Will technology always need design?
I just found out about Arduino by chance and it got to me that I don't know any website for new programming platforms or technology trends, do you?
If a fiber-based economy meant you could build a new village or town based on the quality of life, what would it look or feel like? What would make it the most wonderful place in the world to live? What would it have to enable you in order to fulfill your needs and pursue your aspirations?
Did someone from the future accidentally leave behind some advanced technology that started this whole UFO cover-up human chapter?
Is technology driven by society or is society driven by technology?
Looking at how technology has advanced in the last ten years, where do you think it will be in the next ten years?
How can new media technologies empower people?
If you were to start over, what technology/technologies would you learn in 2016?
Is it possible in the near future that ISRO will be sending a spaceship with a manned vehicle?
Can France become the Mecca of Islam in Europe in the next 20 years?
Will Go replace Java or C# for enterprise development in the next 10 years?
What are the downsides of new technological innovation, such as drones?
What are the technologies that are used in JPMC?
Is there any hot emerging tech?
What do you mean by digital transformation?
What are the future trends in global education market?
Why does technology constantly change?
What would be the future direction of AI research after ten years?
Why aren't there mega projects happening in the US?
What is the best epilepsy wearable device that can help patients and analyze their emotions and movement?
Can I get superpowers using CRISPR (CAS-9) technology?
The year is 2050, what doesn't exist anymore and why?
In the next 10,000 years, will humans evolve physically and mentally, and how?
Why does "Doug Stevenson" like me, and he can't tell anyone?
What are most advanced technologies in the world?
Which technological courses will be in high demand in future?
Can I build a room of concrete and wood on my front yard?
How can I update from most of the recent updates in the technology in computer science?
How do I find about pic grant?
Do you think that one day we will develop wormhole or Alcubierre drive FTL technology?
How is natural selection at work in the contemporary world?  What effects is technology likely to have on the progression of natural selection?
Is web science the next big thing? How will it evolve?
What is the next big invention that a man will come up with in the near future?
In what year will the singularity occur?
What will be the upcoming trends in Companion Diagnostics market?
Which are some of the investors and technology experts I should follow from each and every country on Quora?
How do you think the modern home will change over the next 50 years?
What are some books to understand today's and tomorrow's society?
What do B.Tech students think about the future of the armed forces with technology and how technology will change the face of warfare?
Man walked on the moon in the 1960s, so why don't we repeat the feat today even though we have far more resources today, much more superior technology and massively improved computing power at our disposal?
What are some promising future applications of nanomaterials?
What are the upcoming trends in the gamification market?
What's the next process after coming up with the idea?
How likely is it that the technological singularity has already happend to another alien race in the universe?
What are the benefits and challenges of delivering by drones in the future?
What would be the specifications of your dream smartphone?
What are the new trends in librarianship?
What is the greatest technology collaboration of all times?
What are the prospects that an artificial kidney will be available in the next 5 years?
Can you be jealous of a technological device?
Which are some of the jobs that wont exist in the next 10-20 years?
What are some new technological advancements happening in shoe industry?
Money: How will people buy electronics in the future?
What will future studies reflect as being of greater impact on the youth of today, not spanking children or the technology factor?
Adam D'Angelo: What technology do you see as a big part of the future?
At what year do you see manufacturing becoming completely robotic next year or in 5 to 10 years?
What is trending in the IT industry?
After 9/11 and the internet+smart phone boom, what is going to be the next world-affecting event?
How have the advanced search features of OTAs helped in easy travel bookings?
Who are some of the most underrated visionaries currently shaping the future of digital technology?
What are some nice range tech?
What is next in terms of technology?
Why Hadoop is an important software in cloud computing services?
What are the technical skills that will be required in the next decade?
What are the main characteristics that make our car rental software unique?
What's next?
How many technological/biomedical inventions started as military projects?
How do you see news changing in the near future?
What is your take on transhumanism? Do you think transhumanism is better for the future rather than a normal mortal death?
What might be the advantages and disadvantages of foldable smartphones?
We've seen a massive increase in drones, so why hasn't this technology been adapted to make the flying car?
How will the food industry change because of technology?
What are the future trends in business in Bangladesh?
Are we heading to a future where all the tech gadgets will be using the same applications?
What new technology will have the greatest effect on individual liberty in 2017?
I am researching which applications could use GaN HEMTs, but what is going to replace these transistors in terms of superior performance? What is the next generation of power/high speed transistor that will come after the GaN HEMT?
What are the biggest challenges that the Internet of Things (IoT) will face in the future according to you?
What are the new or old software technologies/languages which are high in demand in the IT sector, and will remain in the future?
Technology: Is it possible, in the near future, that NASA will be able to send missions to Alpha Centauri?
China has recently started 3D printing houses. What, if any, is the height of 3D printing in modern manufacturing?
Will everyone be jobless in the future because of automation?
Imagine you're building a hotel and have carte blanche, what tech services or robotics would you put in?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in ten years (2017)?
What future technologies could be widely available to the masses if consumer PCs were 100x faster as they are today?
How can libraries make better use of technology?
What will be the most important trends in Customer Experience industry over the next several years?
Will the current system we are in (monetary-based economy) fail within the next decade?
When will someone make the iHuman?
What are some inventions/technologies that will most likely remain unchanged in one hundred years?
Can anyone share real life examples of Apache Flink? I am planning to learn this technology but firstly wants to see its implementation in real world.
How can we use the internet wisely?
Are creativity and innovation in the field of arts (music, painting, literature, movie, etc.) limited?
If Singularity University wants to inspire and inform, and generally have a greater global impact, why can it not make lectures and talks from their graduate program available to everyone, at least subsequent to the completion of the program?
Who are the most outstanding futurists alive?
Which design degree will be needed in the market in the next 10 years?
What are the big ideas in science (or technology) which are likely to shape the technology of the next 10 - 15 years and why?
What will be Quora's main source of competition over the next ten or so years?
What are the next expected technological interventions waiting to happen in Cricket?
Should I enter the banking sector in the next 10 years?
Where do you wish to see Baidu in the next 5 to 10 years?
Between lawyer and doctor, which profession will become obsolete first and why?
How do you predict the energy production makeup will be divided in 10, 25, and 100 years from 2014 in your region?
How can we design robots with emotions?
What's your grown up Christmas list?
Which technology you feel will be prominent during 2017?
Technology: Will we be able to replace actors in movies with the avatars/3d models of our preferred actors in the future?
What is the latest technology in lung transplants?
What emerging technologies might Quora integrate into its systems/infrastructure in the nearest future?
What are your top five predictions for the next 20 years?
In the future when technology reaches the smallest point, will we see the return of room-filling computers for intense use such as life-like games?
What is the Indian growth story for next 10 years?
What are the best blogs on the latest in eCommerce technology?
What will be the future trends in electronics industry?
What will the robotics revolution look like and when will it happen?
What are some of the distribution trends in the Travel Technology industry?
How is wearable technology changing the world around us?
In modern times of affordable gadgets and smartphones, is it common to see people busy in clicking the moments instead of enjoying them thoroughly?
Which technology needs improvement?
Can nanotechnology, organic chemistry and physiology join hands to create the artificial heart, especially a synthetic pericardium, in the future?
What is the biggest problem the world is going to face in the next 10 years?
What are some uncanny predictions that have been made in the technological world?
Augmented reality is the future. How can I invest in it?
What trends in values, technology, or business can give us hope for a sustainable future for our planet?
What are the future trends of Proton therapy industry in Germany?
What would Tamriel look like if it ever reached the technology we have today?
What is labour augmenting technological progress?
What is the next big thing? In June, Andy Rubin saw AI and quantum computers.
What technological advances have helped the world to become a global village?
How will virtual reality transform porn?
What will the world look like in 2075?
What are the top trending hot technologies in the IT industry now? (Like Cloud, Big Data etc)
How would the world be changed if moderately priced flying cars were available?
What are some ideas on the topic of technology advancement?
What will be the upcoming trends of Isostearic Acid market?
What are some of the coolest innovations?
Will we be as incompetent as today's old people at technology in the future?
What infrastructural changes does a transition from 4G to 5G network demand?
How do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
How do I get .com, .net, or .in domains for free?
What is the IT technology that’s hot on the market and expected to grow in the future?
How do you think the Real Estate Industry and the role of Realtors might look like 10 years from now?
What are some things humans will always be limited in? Regardless of how technologically advanced we become, etc., what we will we never be able to achieve?
Can the male reproductive organ be modified to have multiple orgasms like women in the future?
As automation is coming fast, what will be the most useful skills in the next 10 years?
What are the current and future regulation challenges for the collaborative economy?
What is the most exciting / promising developing technology in spaceflight propulsion?
In the near future, could most countries get available space technology like the way most countries have aircraft technologies now?
Is evolution a technology? Is randomness the byproduct or source of technology? What role does novelty have in creating tech? What creates technology?
What are some examples of modern day technology that validates or surpasses science fiction in the past?
What is the biggest mistake ever made in the history of technology?
How do you imagine phones in 2050?
Is it good to be a year down instead of carrying a backlog for next year?
What will people do in ten years that currently seems far fetched?
There are numerous reports on how technology such as robots and AI will take human jobs, what can I do now to safe guard employment in the future?
I created myshortcut.net for developers and users. Do you see the potential of becoming next big thing?
How have advancements in technology affected graduation rates and grades?
What is the latest technology in developing web application?
What implications on the legal field do new and emerging technologies have?
Disney is able to charge the battery of your smartphone wirelessly. What are the major upside and downside of this technology?
If humans stopped innovating technology today, how much would AI advance/change current services in the next decade?
How will technology revolutionize the health care industry?
When will next generation batteries be commercially available?
What will happen once robots and computers can do most jobs that people have today?
What are the recent emerging industries?
Which major technology companies are possibly going for an IPO in 2013 and 2014?
Which books are preferred to know about modern technology and future innovations?
What are the different scenarios of humans going extinct in the technological singularity?
What role will Wikipedia and Quora play at the time of technological singularity?
How did the Me 262 revolutionize jet technology?
What is the scope of a Muslim student in Canada, who is afraid that majority of world would be xenophobic by next 10 years?
What websites do you read to keep up to date on all the latest news about medicine and health?
Can Singapore survive for the next 100 or 200 years?
What will consumer electronics look like in 10 years? 25 years? 50 years?
What are Top 10 Internet of Things Technologies?
Which is the most technologically advanced black country, without any significant white minority?
What are some examples of budgeting component for Transfer of Technology?
What are the inventions that are yet to be invented?
Will the rise of social media and technology continue until we are completely disconnected from each other or will society naturally reject it after a point?
Do you know where there is a payphone in your area?
What are some of the travel trends followed by the travel technology companies in 2017?
If today you were offered to own a futuristic home robot (something like the Jetsons family had in the futuristic cartoon), what are the few widly desirable things you would want that robot to do for you?
What do people working in the technology sector want to see from the next UK government?
What according to you is the next big thing that the future generation will take for granted?
Will it ever become scientifically feasible or even beneficial to conceive/nurture a human fetus (or any form of life for that matter) in a vat instead of naturally?
What are some potential innovations happened in India in the past 5 years that impacted globally?
How has wearable tech changed your life for the better?
Are H2O-driven cars ever going to be a success? And will they replace today's electric cars?
How do you see the usage of cellphones 20 years from now? Will it increase or do you think the technology will completely change?
What will the science and technology be like 1000 years from now?
How do you know if a meme is outdated?
How would you like to see technology change in the future?
Are we empowering social media networks with enough database information to manipulate and dictate the world by deciding what would be the world's next big thing?
What is the future impact of smartphone usage in humans?
What is the best future technology you can imagine?
What are the coming new technologies?
Can immortality be achieved in the next 20 years?
What are the current technologies being used for facade cleaning, esp for buildings with uneven and protruding surfaces?
Why is there so much hurrying in life for everyone? Why do people work day and night as if the world is going to end soon?
Will foldable phones happen this year and will it be the next big thing?
What is the future of gene therapy? What is the latest update to this technology?
What will happen in the next 5-10 years for certain (for example, global warming)?
Could a civlisation as advanced as ours emerge after an apocalypse, considering minerals and oil are less available now?
What are the needs and roles of technology forecasting?
What book should I use for the latest trends and technology in the fields of mechanical and automobile engineering?
What are some technologies that exist but aren't commonly used or known about, that are significantly better than the current technology in use?
What are the things that make sprinters big?
What videos showing a vision of a future do you like?
Are earthquakes really unpredictable? There is a minimum timing notice that we can use. Can we use the latest technologies to save lives with prevention?
Why are only smac technologies called as digital technologies?
What is the future scope of SharePoint?
Does a Linux-based desktop OS have a future?
How do I aware about technology daily?
Is the Nokia Morph phone concept real? If so, how long will it take to launch?
What environmental changes have occurred due to technological changes and what are the impacts of technological changes on human life?
Is there a limit to technological progress?
If demand for coal were to increase over the next 5 or 10 years, how would that happen? My impression is that this is unlikely. Am I wrong?
What are the warehousing trends in 2017?
Why can't artificially intelligent robots learn to do politics?
What futuristic technology from Ghost Protocol is close to or in existence?
What are today's frontiers of nanotechnology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Protective Eyewear market?
Will it be possible for people from the future to see what I have seen all my life (like a movie)?
How can you access the computer of the future?
Which is the best technology available to us presently?
Today's wireless communication is primarily using electro-magnetic waves. What's beyond using light in future?
What is the future of ICs (integrated chips)?
What is the "client/server" technology wave Nir Eyal mentions in his book "Hooked"?
Will our system of government have to change in order to comply with the exponential rate of technological growth and the society-changing innovations that will appear in the coming years?
How we are going to consume information in the future?
What are some amazing things to expect in 2014?
Which technologies will influence or even change the way we do sports? I'm thinking of things like endomondo for running, the way that you can design and print your own shoes in the store, the game of geotracking and so on and so on.
Do AI simulates help create new advanced technologies?
What are best entrepreneurs long term vision?
How do I shift my carrier from Java to the Hadoop platform?
How has the travel industry been impacted by chatbots?
What will be the upcoming trends in the in-vitro diagnostics market?
How do you track topics of professional interest, online?
Currently there are only 65-70% of the world's population who have access to the Internet. How would a world look if 100% of the world's population had access to the Internet?
How can we integrate technology with human bodies in the future?
What is the best book for automobile engineering that has the latest technology?
What is the significance of hiring an API developer for your travel business?
Have you ever heard of the data visualization and integration company, Edge Technologies?
What is the worst use of technologies nowadays?
What are the most prescient comments online about a technology company posted some time up until 2000?
Given the rate of scientific advancement, by how much will the average lifespan increase in the U.S. within the next 80 years?
Is it possible that at any given point in the future, technology will fade away?
What are the latest trends in Airports and control towers?
Is it possible in future to create a device which can detect smell or odours?
What is blockchain technology?
What are the growth prospects for LIMS vendors in Asian countries such as Singapore and HongKong over the next 5 years?
What are web-based software available to search and categorize patents?
Which Arduino board should beginners buy?
What is the next "big thing" in computer technology?
What additional features can smart phones have after about a hundred years?
A New Frontier for Civilization?
Far into the future, what will our age be known as?
How many years will it take before we are all cyborgs?
What parts of our lives do you imagine we'll automate in the future?
What's the most advanced technology created by a non-human?
How do I start a travel agency business in 15 days?
What type of antenna is used in mobile phone receivers?
What is the latest technology for schools?
What is your wishlist for iOS 7?
How can one see the future of the telepresence industry?
Any predictions on this years shorts?
Would it be possible in the future to buy sleep?
What are some things that are absolutely known to be realistically unachievable?
What will be the upcoming trends?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
What is your vision of the future of our species?
Why is technological progress slowing down?
What are the upcoming technologies in IT which will be in great demand in the future?
What technologies would we need to make an expansion through the solar system/galaxy (including population migration and trade) feasible?
Why is Amadeus software in great demand for the Travel agencies in Saudi Arabia, Dubai and other middle east countries?
Do you believe that the pace of life has increased with the development of technologies?
What should I pursue after a B. Tech. in CS in the near future if I would like to be holding important posts in technical companies?
Which are some of the applications of graphene?
What will be the upcoming trends in Adipic Acid market?
What is “industry trends”?
Is the software industry going to end in next 20 years?
What material will replace carbon fiber?
What are the new technologies that have come in the last ten years?
If someone proposes that you invest in an app that happens to be the next internet big thing, would you do it?
Why we need technology?
What could be the societal changes in 20 years for technology, tradition, food habits, etc.?
How soon could humanity spread to other worlds?
Is it possible that all countries come together to develop new space technology?
What is the next big thing in mechanical Engineering field?
What are some of the teenage clothing trends right now?
What will be the future implications of the advancements in manufacturing technology, as described in the Feb 12-18th, 2011 issue of The Economist (magazine) cover story The Printed World?
Have any messaging apps implemented voice-to-text as a default setting?
What is most important innovation that has turned weird with time?
What is the best solution for analyzing industry trends?
How technologically advanced are we really?
What do you think will be the most important technology of 2016?
If something replaces email will people still be able to use email?
What are the most essential and necessary technologies used in the crime lab?
What are the latest technological inventions around the globe?
I need a minimum of 50LPA in the next 10 years. Will Robotics help me achieve this?
What are some things that would revolutionize the world?
How will the next generation learning spaces be?
What are some of the frustrating/inconvenient things that we still go through as they have not been addressed by technology advancement?
What are the hot trends in big data in companies right now?
What current technologies can I learn?
Will we ever see a star in real time?
What is the latest technology of processing aluminium dross?
What are five major laws in digital technology?
Why do fashion companies never develop new technology?
Is the rate at which globlization and technology is advancing, contributing in most Americans getting left behind? Or is this just a basic assumption?
Is Jack Ma correct to say that AI will cause more social pain than benefits over the next 30 years?
What is Sasol’s technology?
What decade brought increased technology?
How do I change the world in terms of technology?
In which countries will we see the most economic progress and highest average income rise in the next 10 years?
What would a current age evil genius have to do in order to take over the galaxy?
What do you predict is the next advancement in writing systems?
In what year do you think we will all become batteries for the machines that eventually take over the world? Can you describe the sequence of events that lead up to this? Let's get creative and have fun with this one.
As a senior COBOL developer, should I do PMP or learn some new technology, like big data or ETL, to save my future?
How do I find a rainmaker for the technology field?
What are the new IT Technologies?
What are the odds that we will ultimately (at any point in our future) be able to successfully resurrect/clone Wooly Mammoths, Dinosaurs, and other forms of extinct life?
What is the future of smart phones?
Which site use angular?
What's the next big WordPress powered idea?
What technological advancements will most affect our lives in the semi-near future?
Is Ray Kurzweil right that humans will soon have hybrid thinking?
What is the one thing that stop IoT from being used by everyone in the world?
What's going to be popular after wearable tech?
What’s the next big thing in computer science engineering?
What are the prospects of the venture capital industry in terms of automation, or you being replaced by robots?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What is the technology used in Samsung Pay for the Galaxy S8?
Have you (or someone you know) ever lost a job because of social media?
Where will we be in the next 200 years? What possible inventions will our future generation see?
Technology: Will Fresno ever become the next Silicon Valley?
What would India be like in the technology field after 10 years?
What sources should I follow and read everyday to keep up to date with new technologies and events in the IT industry?
What will be the energy mix in the next 20 years?
What does Balaji Viswanathan think of Boston Dynamics' Handle?
What are the upcoming changes for Indonesia in the next 5 to 10 years?
Do you need something that isn't existing today? (Technologies, etc…)
Should I study CS or Engineering -- where is the future of technology?
How did LED technology change the world?
What are the recent trends in ECE?
What is SAR in mobile, and what is the highest value of SAR?
Will ResearchGate be relevant in 5 years?
Is there a limit to the advances of technology?
Will the internet continue to advance?
Which is a more revolutionary technology - Quantum computing or Neuromorphic chips?
Are tech startup the only quick and scalable startups? (either product/service/manufacturing)
Technology: Are electric airplanes possible in the future?
Where do you see the Manipal Institute of Technology in the next 10 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the distribution automation industry?
What college majors will see the most technological and scientific innovation under their scopes of study in the coming 20 years?
What will teaching children about their parent's friends and family be like in 10 years, will we be browsing Facebook like a photo album?
When did you start noticing the impact of technological devices on your life?
What is Flatspace Technology?
Will complete sex changes, including all internal organs and full fertility, ever be possible?
Has the tech customer service model failed?
What are potential revenue sources for wearable devices? (Wearable cameras, gyroscopes, EEG, heart rate, blood oxygen monitors, GSR, and more)
What are the latest startup trends in B2B tech starups?
When will Starbucks use Voice-First ordering systems?
What commonplace aspects of contemporary life would seem very futuristic to someone from the past?
What are other great essays similar to Vaclav Smil's The Next 50 Years?
Will technology affect a few people?
Is there an app for matching underprivileged kids with pre-screened adults that want to take them on adventures, teach a skill, do a sport, etc?
What are some future gadgets?
Are we humnas really getting advanced as predicted decades ago?
Can a microstrip antenna with negative gain be useful for wearable devices?
What is the current technology in testing?
Will smartphones be the centre/base of all wearable gadgets in future?
What are examples of countries that chose to hoard a valuable resource until it became obsolete?
How does the threat of emerging technology reduce recidivism?
3 for 3: What are the top 3 things at the forefront of CIO agendas for the next 3 years?
In light of recent flash memory advancements, will DRAM become an obsolete technology?
Which field in science and technology will be more promising, in next five years?
What technologies will make food and housing almost free?
Are there new technologies coming, or they have just stopped forever?
Will science and technology ever allow humans to simulate the formation of cellular life from simple building blocks such as atoms, amino acids, diatomic gases, etc. using a computer? Why?
What is going to be the most sought-out software technology in India in the near future?
Do you think there will be a social network better than Facebook in the future?
What is DTMF technology?
Can you define shaping technology solutions for the future?
What are some new technologies that will allow disabled people to live with more independence within the next decade?
What is the next big thing in diagnostics?
What technology will replace FTP?
What will the world look like in 20 years? What role will nano, AI, robotics, genetics play? How will they affect our daily lives?
What are some foreseeable technological trends in how we use electronics to access the internet, our data, or more?
What will be the impact of smartphones in the world’s market by 2020?
Could someone create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology concepts and super advanced theoretical technologies?
What do you think are the 5 next big things?
What is the future of simulation in the age of nanotechnology?
Which tech companies do you think will grow most over the next 5-10yrs?
What are the global trends and developments in the alloy and special steel sector?
What will cities be like in 2050?
In the age of digitisation and hyper-personalisation, can we expect that future can lead to a Man Vs Machine battle in technology?
What are the 2017 trends for online videos?
Mainly after the 90's we've seen an explosion of progress related to technology. What are the expectations of the next 30 years?
Even if in the far future we had advanced technology would we be no match for aliens technology?
Is haiku a rising trend in social media?
What is MMX technology?
What is the next communication evolution after the internet?
Which Technology can an automation tester of 10+ move to IoT, Bigdata, Salesforce, DevOps and why?
Is Rails going to be relevant in 5 years?
‘What came this year will not come the next year.’ Is this principle applicable for all subjects in ICSE?
Does the invention of video definitively make books obsolete?
What will the next generation of coffeeshops look like?
Is the space combat that is seen in Ender's game a realistic speculation of the future. Or will the distant future of military engagement still be rooted on the surface of planets?
Which advances faster, technology or medicine?
What are the upcoming technologies in 2017?
How has technology changed sex?
What is the latest advancement in fabric finishes?
Won't humans become irrelevant as our technology eventually surpasses the capabilities and intelligence of our own minds and bodies?
How can we avoid becoming a hive mind in the Internet age?
What are the limits to information transmission/reception capacity as the communication platform shrinks in dimension?
What is the best way to gain knowledge on how the future might look like?
Will smart watches or technology implanted under the skin become the big tech of the future?
I'm 23. It's 2016. Do I still have to care about a retirement plan?
What kinds of changes will the world undergo if instant teleportation is possible and becomes very common?
Why aren’t the latest farming technologies used in India?
What would computer be like 50 years later?
How can we reduce our dependence on technology?
What will be the new technology that will come in the automobile industry?
What is the most exciting thing about 3D printing? Where do you see it being applied the most in the future?
What is the most modern train?
How will the VPN industry evolve over the next 10 years?
What should we expect from the new year 2015 generally and specifically, in terms of politics, economics, technology, etc.?
Is there a word to describe the feeling that you're living in the future?
How much demand is there for CPQ Cloud technology?
What are some examples of technological advances?
What are latest Enterprise Data Storage technologies being majorly used?
Does TiVo have a future?
If you would suddenly find yourself and 50 others on Earth with absolutely none of the tools humankind has manufactured/developed so far, what would be the first thing you would do besides survival?
How do I improve the sale of biscuits with new technologies?
What is the next big thing in the software industry that we can expect?
What are the most useful and innovative pieces of technology that should be created in the future?
What do you think will be the next huge technological or scientific innovation, and what will its impact be on business?
What is the future scope of IBM WODM technology?
What did you do/think/feel when you found out that the cure for death will be within the next 20 years?
What are the major upcoming Internet technologies for 2011?
What will be the future technology?
What is the future of religion in the next 5 to 10 years? How will it affect Buddhism?
What are the various features of car rental software system?
How is technology affecting the way we live? And why?
What major changes will take place in our society in the next two hundred years?
Are written communication methods due to technology like emails and texting, causing a decline in verbal skills? Are our abilities to communicate verbally and face-to-face endangered?
What are the manifestations of evolution in the current era apart of the technological development?
What is the next big thing in real estate in India?
Will human cryopreservation ever be an easily accessible technology?
What kind of PM methodologies will emerge in the near future?
What are the trending technologies and which technology should I learn for better career prospects?
When mobile becomes old-hat, what will the next big thing be?
What are some ideas for a play on the topic of futuristic schools?
Is technology ruining the innocence of love in this tech-savvy era?
What is going to be the next 'big thing' in tech that'd create a new revolution?
What are the technological trends in education?
Can Artificial Super Intelligence become a god?
What is the future of the networking industry? Which network technology could shape our future in years to come?
How might public restrooms change in the next century?
Which is the most futuristic country?
If you came out with the next big thing after apps would it make you a trillionaire?
What is the future of product design for hardware startups?
How will technology change hotels in the future?
What do economists predict will happen if automation makes millions of jobs obsolete?
Are you achimant by technology?
To improve technology in Nigeria, what must be done, and how?
How can I design a movie watching EQ app?
What are the best sci-fi books that try to depict the next century?
Are there going to be technologies that will allow already living humans to live much longer?
Why do crocs prefer to be in water and not land like small lizards?
What three technological advances do you think we will make in the next thirty years?
What are some emerging disruptive technologies, the legal implications of which most lay people have yet to imagine?
What will the upcoming trends in the exploration and production (E&P) software market be?
What will happen when technology makes most jobs obsolete? How do we ensure people have money with no jobs?
What fields are going to be the most viable in the next 15 years?
What are the latest trends in training technology?
Which are the top 10 upcoming technology innovations of 2017?
What can we expect from mobile phone camera technology in the next few years?
Is it plausible that physical money will become obsolete within the next century?
Which is a better phone to buy, Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime or Moto G4 Plus?
Theoretically speaking, what do you think is the next great industry boom?
Is autonomy going to change the future and why or why not?
Then v/s Now: What are the things that are changed in these 10-20 years?
What will be the (near) future topics in information systems research?
Has technology become a crutch for dysfunction?
What are some latest advancements in the field of data analysis or some latest opensource libraries or trends?
Will Westworld be the next big show?
What types of Internet companies will benefit the most when billions of new interest users come online in the next few years?
Is the tech industry displacing more jobs than it is creating?
Will computers surpass the brain on all fronts in the next 25 years?
If I made a blog about programming and design, would you like to be a contributor?
In what areas is the United States ahead of other countries?
How would one go about future technology or “potential” technology market value estimation?
What is the latest technology used in batteries of UPS?
What would be that instance why humans will eventually defy gravity?
Is it now technically feasible to build a hoverboard? How?
What are converging technologies? And what is the future of them?
What are the latest career trends in 2017?
Can the Tesla Powerwall/Powerpack technology contribute to "world peace" by reducing conflicts over energy (mostly oil)?
When we will have better online project than Google?
What will the world be like with new technologies? What are these new technologies, in regards to the future, in your mind?
Technology: Is it correct to say that we have made less progress from year 2000 till today than was made in previous decades?
How long into the future and by what foreseeable technological means will muggles be able to replicate various Harry Potter magic?
What will be the state of AI technology in 30 years?
Is it necessary for my travel company to have a mobile presence?
What is the best way to cope up with managing so many technologies and stay updated?
What are some of the emerging criminal justice technology innovations that will impact society?
What are some great websites/ other sources for the latest internet trends and businesses in the US?
Can we live on the moon some day?
What technology, once invented, will have the biggest effect on society?
What are some technologies that we need but can't produce?
What will be the upcoming trends in the sports protective equipment market?
How will the role of actuaries be different ten years from now?
Will technology leave me behind if I don't understand cloud technology?
What are the examples of technology that are theoretically possible but are centuries or more away from being invented?
What are the latest trends of insurance?
How important will underwater drone technology be in the future?
What are the technologies that will survive the next 10 years?
Are there technological developments that could make air travel drastically cheaper in coming years?
How good is civilian drone technology going to get over the coming decades?
In the future will people put microchips in their children to thwart kidnappers?
What are some conservative predictions about artificial intelligence over the next 50 years?
What will replace android and ios in the future?
What are some mind blowing technologies that are not so popular now?
Can anyone help me in learning coding in Apache Flink with examples? I have gained basic Flink knowledge.
Which new technologies require more research for better implementation?
How is technology impacting the makeup industry?
Archives and Archiving: How should humans make a time capsule that survives a billion years AND can be found by the next civilization in one billion years so they can figure out what the heck happened here?
Are initial consumer applications of virtual reality being over-hyped?
What is the future working in TCS?
How do you see wearable devices advancing in the next 10 years?
Is technology an extension of ourselves?
In the same vein as the Atomic Bomb and the Internet, what is the next radical technology that will forever change the world?
How are encryption methods going to change in the future?
What is the new current technology?
What is Canada's biggest challenge in the next 10 years?
What are some recent trends in IT in India?
Using the latest technologies & maneuvers, what speeds can we hope to achieve in space flight?
What would you suggest to make the new website in the leading edge of current trends?
Which latest technology should I prefer (learn) to stay in IT companies?
Would you rather have a flying car or a week-long trip to outer space?
What will be the leading realm in the next 5 years?
How far will the technology change our life in the next 50 years?
How close is medicine and science to enabling deaf people to hear?
Will we ever be able to stop working?
What solutions can we expect from genomics in the next 5 years towards a diagnosis and cure?
Which is the newest technology in today's date?
What are the latest/new technologies upon which I can deliver a presentation for my class?
What are some big world problems that could probably be solved in fifty years?
What are some growing industries in the next ten years that I should invest in?
If the future turns out good could I spend the next 30 years doing nothing and then in 2045 use cool awesome singularity technology with basic income?
Will the future of virtual reality be big?
What is the next generation of computing?
What are some of the most new and interesting technologies in IT industry?
What are some good examples of "augmented reality"?
What is the significance of Google Trips in the travel business industry?
How do you conduct a FTO Patent Search?
What industries are emerging now?
3D Printing: Can there be road printers?
How will Apple Inc.’s stock perform in the next 5 years?
What are the new technologies in sensors?
Is our next generation going to forget basic abilities, like writing, painting, basic maths, and poem recitation due to advancing technology?
What is the future of PeopleFluent technology in India?
What are the greatest disadvantages of technology?
What are the impossible technologies that became possible in the last 10 years?
The internet caused a huge leap for mankind. What do you think the next big "thing" will be that will change everything as we currently know it?
Where do you see Syria in 5 or 10 years?
What is the current trend in Education and Technology?
What are the revolutionary technologies or areas for software developers coming in the next generation for career prospects, apart from big data?
What is technological revolution?
What are the most controversial technological developments of the 21th century so far?
What will be the game changing SEO Trends in 2017?
Do you think libraries will disappear in the future?
Are embedded RFID chips in the human future?
Google has almost killed all online dictionaries and lyrics websites. Who will be the next victims of Google's dominance over the internet?
When the singularity comes, would it be recommended to merge with technology?
Does Putin's authoritarian traditionalism oppose technological advances?
If we really wanted to, could we make the ultimate time capsule?
How good is Banasthali university for btech in information technology and how are the placements?
What are the emerging technologies in the market?
What are the uses of snake robots to mankind in the near future?
Time Travelers: Can you describe the technology you used to get here from the future?
How can Electrical Engineering contribute to the development of modern Indian defense technology?
What is the most anticipated tech of 2017?
What are the trends/techniques/tools to code HTML/CSS in 2016? Haven’t coded for years. My task is to turn PSD into responsive pages, no JavaScript.
What will be the upcoming trends in Peptide Therapeutics market?
What technologies present in trending?
Where will Google’s new Chrysler Pacificas be driving?
How did the three technological revolutions impact the world?
What would be the biggest problem that would be faced by the world by 2030, and could it 'possibly' be solved by better technology?
Is a year down better than going next year with backlogs?
Are there any futurists or science fiction writers that predicted the Internet ahead of its time?
Can we go to the future?
What are some forms of philanthropy currently trending in 2017?
What are the new technologies that will change the world in the coming years other than AI and IOT?
Doesn't it amaze you to see how much technology has evolved?
Do we have technologies that can take us to the stars?
How does the increasing of online enthrallment predict how future generations will handle social issues?
What are good postgrad programs that would tackle the future of cities?
What are your dreams for the future of work?
Will the average life span continue to increase for humans as our technology and medicine become more advanced?
In the future, what invention do you think we'll use to exercise without doing much on our part at all?
What will the (tech) world look like 5 years from now?
Is this technological era never going to come to an end?
Does the current state of technological advances makes us think less effectively?
How will our lives change in the next 5-10 years?
What traditional inventions and technologies have smartphones replaced and will probably replace in the future?
What are your views about Globalisation and Protectism? Which of this is more dominant in next 10 years?
Will automation and AI make us more creative?
What are the new upcoming technologies in 2017?
What are the latest trends for kitchen back splashes?
Which are the latest mobile app trends in 2017?
What are the big trends in development of APIs?
What aspects of life today will seem strange in the future?
Will the demand for developers continue to increase over the next decade?
Why doesn’t Mark Zuckerberg wear a wristwatch?
Is the OpenWater device similar to the wearable fNIR system created by Drexel University?
What could be the major breakthrough in space technology in next 50 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in the Unified Communication market?
What medical advancements are we close to achieving?
What would be the most high-impact X Prize that should be created?
Can Samuel Petuhov change technology forever?
What will archaeologists of the future be able to learn about the Information Age?
What is the biggest technology revolution ever coming over the next 10 years?
What is the technology that lasts long in the future?
Which Indian companies are focusing on becoming a digitally native vertical brand?
Is IOT the next big thing in IT and what skills would one need to enter this area?
Where do you think Derrick Rose could go next year?
Is human achievement declining?
When will SMSes be obsolete?
What are examples of companies that leapfrogged first-movers by only adopting new technology after it matured?
How will plumbing industry be affected by new technologies?
How do you envision Quora after 15 years?
How will people survive and pay bills in the future when automation replaces all or most jobs?
What are the technologies most commonly used in Middle-East India?
What is the future of conventional studies in 10 years?
What are the newest technologies available in computational mechanics?
What will be the biggest industry in the next decade?
If you were a billionaire, what technology would you bring to the world, Manhattan-project style? How and why?
What are some ways technology is changing us for the worst?
What is the compensation and career progression of a SAS analyst over 5-10 years?
How will the smartphone change in the future?
Can violent crime be eliminated using an implant that would cause temporary paralysis whenever someone is about to commit a violent act?
What will be the upcoming trends in the furniture market?
What is the significance of Virtual Assistant in the latest travel industry?
What are the best websites to know about the latest technology?
Should we, as a rapidly advancing technological society, be impressed by the release of waterproof cell phones?
What if a new theorem was proved that triggered runaway technological growth. What changes will result and how will he/she be seen? Is it possible?
How fast is technology really advancing?
What changes will we be seeing in the Indian IT industry in the next 5 years?
What is our future trending technology in IT?
What improvements do you expect to see with the internet in the next ten years? Twenty?
What is the most innovative city / area in Europe at the moment?
As technology gets better and better, why does everything keep exploding and catching on fire?
How will Facebook change in 10 years?
Will it be possible for individuals to own rockets (cost wise) for space travel in the near future?
What are some of the best pieces of science fiction technology?
Is India a market or Producer of wearable technology?
What are the latest trends in hardware?
What breakthroughs can we expect from neuroscience in the next 10 years?
How much funding has TheCollegeFever raised?
Luis Von Ahn: With the technology of instant conversation translation essentially here, do you see a convergence of not having to "learn" a language in the future?
How dependable can the upcoming AI technology be considered?
Is hidden rail a reality or possibility yet?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever Googled and was the answer even close?
Why is it important that you hire a good travel technology company for developing your travel software solutions?
What will be the next major trend?
How can a honeybee make perfect hexagonal chambers without any geometrical instruments for her hive?
Will Cisco survive the next 10 years?
What will Christian theism and spirituality look like when humans have evolved into cyborgs?
Is there a technology that allow men to breastfeed?
How will cameras be used in the future?
How is the startup scene in Indonesia in 2016 compared to its neighbours?
How can I find Future Tech products?
Are strict regulations a barrier to technology innovation? Can't progress and innovation in technology and framing good regulations go hand-in-hand?
I am 14. What are some things I should know that will help me the next 10 years? What are some useful things that I can do that I will benefit from in the future?
What will the next big technology of the next decade in the IT industry be?
Is augmented reality the beginning of the future technology?
What has not changed in the past 20 years?
How will future full immersion virtual reality in the mind change the way we communicate?
What is the importance of Big Data in travel technology market?
What is the next technology that will be put into SOA Suite?
What are some recent technological advancements in water?
How is technology helpful in hospitals?
How many people will have a college degree within the next decade?
As a news editor, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
Which software tool or technology is best to learn for the next 5 to 10 years in IT?
How do you aspire to change India's future?
Will there ever be a way in the future to speed up old Apple devices?
Which may be the best way to improve urban transport in the future?
How can I develop my niece’s interest in technology?
Who is the technological genius of this decade?
Can technology surprise you anymore?
Do you think start-ups specialising in robotics will prosper over the next decade?
What are examples of technology that were very costly at the start; but, over time, reduced to a nominal amount?
5 years ago there where no apps as we all know them now in our mobile phones. What technology could replace or evolve the apps in 3 to 5 years from now?
What's currently holding us back from space travel?
Historically, what are some of the common barriers to the adoption of new technologies and innovative solutions?
Will high tech devices take charge of people's life in the next decade?
How far will be the gaming technology developed in 50 years?
What do doctors think of wearable technology?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pain Management Devices market?
Is there any scope of mainframe technology now or in upcoming future?
What will U.S. special operations look like in 10-20 years as a whole?
Can I become one of the greatest DJs in terms of music production if I dedicate my next 5 years to it?
Are you planning on leaving NYC in the next 5 years?
What is mean by technology scouting?
How digital and technology could help reducing dog homlessness and abandonment?
What is programmable matter?
How will smartphones in the next 5 year look like?
What should I spend the next 20 years learning about?
If A.I. is coming for all our jobs, what are the chances we'll find long-term solutions in integrating biology with technology to stay ahead, living in a post-scarcity society, or preventing technological progress?
Can we ever live in a future like Futurama?
What are new developments in Information Technology?
What are the latest trends in photography?
What medium should I write files on, to be locked away, then accessed in 25-50 years?
Will the technology be an enabler for the future of humanity?
What do you think will be the new trends & technologies that will be released in 2014?
I am a Network engineer. What technology I should learn right now to catch up the new trends?
What will the iPhone look like, 10 years from now?
What are examples of companies that embraced consumer technologies after the technologies were already popular?
How is it possible that technology evolved so fast?
How long will it take to produce 1000 units of Smart Watches using the lastest technology? And what is the production cost of it?
What are your ideas on using technology to achieve world peace?
What are the top IoT trends for 2017?
What are some examples of technology that advanced without a scientific foundation?
Is the textile technology MSc program at the University of Manchester considered a good and prospective one? How's it like in the future?
Are there any new artistic papers that were made possible by new technology?
Where can I read the new report that Bloomberg created with a think tank, on how technology will affect work and jobs in the future?
How will the role of HR change in the next few decades?
Will the Namecoin P2P DNS or a similar technology ever enter the mainstream use?
What are some good documentaries about the future in the general sense?
Will California break out of the USA in the next 10 years?
What changes will we see in wiki in the upcoming years?
Is the technology in the future, let's say 2500 C.E., physically possible to make in the present day?
How may urban drone surveillance affect our privacy in the near future?
Could a Christian equivalent to ISIS emerge in the future?
What are the new trends in information technology development?
Which technological advancement or opportunity to witness technology surpassing imagination had the most impact in your life?
What are some websites that show you emerging tech trends or fields?
When and until every human is living in the lap of luxury what should our focus be?
What will most likely be the new technology adapted by Apple or Samsung for their phones?
What type of new technology is being used now on automobiles?
Will the robot revolution take longer than we think?
What are some interesting websites or topics about current technology?
What are the chances that I, being 17 years of age, will live forever, or at least for a very long time based on the ever more frequent technological advancements that are taking place?
How could I get a better grasp of what happens regarding technology development and how it influences my collection (if I am a digital preserver)?
Do you think cars will disappear from the cities in 30 years?
What is the future of touchscreen display?
What are the latest trends in job hunting these days?
Is the rate the technology advances in the movie Transcendence realistic?
Which new technology should I learn in order to get a good raise in IT?
What arts are emerging from advances in 21st century technology?
Can we have a chance to meet alien in the next 50 years?
What are the key trends of the social networks industry?
What will a blockchain-based life look like in 15 years from now?
What are the most exciting things that you think will happen in the next 10 years as a result of what you are currently doing?
In the the next ten years, what will be the best operating system in the world?
What are the present trends in the construction industry?
What expertise would you choose to acquire in line with the future if I guaranteed you your current salary and benefits for the next 10 years?
In the future, will one be able to talk on a phone on a plane?
What is the next big thing in enterprise applications?
Adam D'Angelo: What do you think are the next big challenges that will be solved by technology in the next decade?
What would the technology and society of a Type IV civilization look like to us humans?
How did computer storage space expand so fast over the last 15 years?
What is the next big thing in autonomous cars?
What are some real life examples of errors made by doctors, scientists or astronauts that costed one's life?
What is the relationship between emerging technology and organisational performance?
What kind of game/application features will the Vulkan technology allow in 2025?
How far are we from having a wrist-mounted holografic interface (like in Final Fantasy: the spirits within)?
What are the emerging fields to select after class 12 for a computer science student?
Will I ever be able to record my dreams using a direct neural interface?
Will South Korea launch the first 5G network at the 2018 Winter Olympics?
What is the most advanced technological device?
Which is the best technology of all time?
What is Mobile Application Development career outlook like in 2013 and the future?
What are some things  that are bound to become obsolete by the next decade [2013-2022]?
How does wireless charging work?
In the next decade, which apps will have More Success? Mobile (cell phone, carry-around laptop) or At-home apps (tv, computer, video game systems, etc.)?
When will technology liberate us from the toil of labor, in food production, transportation, and other manual tasks?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
What are some of the greatest advances in Electrical technology?
Should we stop the technology?
How will Blockchain impact the financial industry over the next 20 years?
Is America’s youth heading to worse future thanks to technology?
Which technology has a better future for the IT sector?
What do you predict will happen in the next 4 years?
What will a list of the world’s top 10 biggest companies look like in 20 years and why?
What is the next big thing in electrical engineering?
When will agriculture be taken care of by robots?
Where do you see the Indian economy in the future, in 5, 10, 20 and 50 years? Where will it stand against the economies of other countries? Is it developing at full pace?
With technology today, or that of the near future, could we create a functioning light saber (sabre)?
Why do some algorithms stop learning (e.g., stop using historical data, as a predictor of future performance)?
Which demographics read TechCrunch?
What inventions will we use in the future for human super speed?
When will the CD/DVD technology completely disappear?
What is technological unemployment and how do you think it will affect our species in the next 100 years as technology pushes forward?
Holography: What is the current state of holographic technology?
What will be the future of AI in coming future?
How can I take my future in Internet and technology to the next level? I want to be a part of Google Inc.
Will China become an autarky within the next decade or two?
What's the big thing going on with PlayStation?
Can you recommend good reference sources for the subject of global trends in mobile education?
Should I wait to be riffed?
What low-income jobs won't be replaced by technology in the next 50 years?
What kind of smartphones will people use in 3008?
How do I see Paysa employee movement/trends?
How long does it take you to do a proper patent search and which tools do you use?
What are your thoughts about Huawei?
What will the confluence between fashion and technology be like in the future?
In the future, do you think technology will allow us to buy a roundtrip ticket to the mentally disordered worlds?
What are some ways we're using technological advances to augment human memory?
How will the future generations be capable to learn the fundamentals and aquire solid skills as technology gets exponentially more complex?
Is innovation trendy?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
What will the future of drugs be?
What kinds of security innovation are essential for technology to be relevant and effective over the next two to three years?
What is the next big tech innovation after mobile phones and high tech computers?
How will the world change in 2013?
Is asking for donations on your website a feasible way to raise money for a new technology idea?
How will alternative fuels be fully implemented into American society and infrastructure?
When can we expect to see the Microsoft HoloLens in India and the world (both)? What will be its tentative price in India, and who will be able to afford it?
What's the next big thing in computer science?
What is it to be myself? How do I know what my talent is? How do I know in which field I do the best?
What advancements will we see in NLP in the next 5 to 10 years?
How is technology going to change sports?
How will the world be with technology after some 50 years?
What technologies did Ellen Stofan have in mind when she said that we could have a definitive proof of ETI in next 30 years?
What is the path forward for Fitbit as of early 2017?
Will there ever be a time when technology stops advancing?
If everything goes well, what will you achieve in the next 20 years?
Which one is closer: Human level AI or universal molecular assemblers?
What technologies are hot in the market?
How can blockchain technology overcome scalability issues in the near future?
What would machines have to sell to one another, assuming a frictionless environment?
What is the future of healthcare using technology?
Which country is the most technologically advanced? How did it become so technologically advanced?
What website would have the future products like 'pitcher that produces its own juice' 'towel that absorbs water' etc.?
What are the latest trends in the online porn industry?
Is using technology necessary in order to develop as a human being, nowadays?
What are the LATEST software TECHNOLOGIES?
The first human being that will live more than 1000 years is already born. What do you think about that statement?
Can you describe the world in 2025?
Is Alaxander Zverev the next big thing in tennis world?
Are there any jobs for doctors in Australia, who have crossed the 50s?
How did people 50 years ago predict the world would look like today (advance in technology, etc.)? How accurate were they?
While most software engineers are chasing machine learning and IoT, what are other future software areas to learn?
What will be the state of CSE in the next 5-10 years in Indian colleges?
What is the most outdated technology that you use in your workplace?
What will be the jobs in Information Technology in the next decade with a good outlook?
James Bond 007 (creative franchise): What was Q's most advanced and realistic invention?
Do you think the broadcasting of sports on TV will change in the next 20 years?
Will technology ever reach a point that it can no longer become more advanced, in the sense that it becomes too complex to learn and advance in a single human lifetime?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
How much of an illusion are the promises of a so-called crypto-future (coming technologies based on cryptography)?
How iPhone has changed our world?
What innovative gadgets would you like to have in the future?
Can someone give a brief prediction of the European market for the next 5 years?
Is VR overrated?
How will future technology affect the poor?
Do you ever find all this technology confusing when comparing the technology of the past to the technology today?
What will be the next big selling platform after Amazon?
How will life be at early 22nd century?
How do you see WikiTribune in 5-10 years?
Why does Apple use technology years after others have?
How has Scientology changed as science and technology have advanced?
How will a software developer be creating value in 10-20 years?
What does advanced technological fabrication and design mean?
What are the most interesting "Solve for X" videos?
What breakthroughs in science and technology might we make in the next fifty years that could change the world as we know it today?
Where can I find up-to-date, trending deals?
Will we have smartphone batteries that last for a week in the near future?
Can you use sun beams that shoot down to earth concentrated enough to drill into the ground?
Is there an inexpensive way to hire a patent attorney for a new invention?
What are the new technologies that are in their inception and might have a big reach?
What are the upcoming trends For website design?
What old technologies are still superior in quality?
Can someone make a credible "prediction" for the next 10 years that will surely affect our lives no matter where you live?
What do you think about the soon-to-be-launched Project Ara?
I'm 13, what new technology could I live to see?
What are the criteria for Apple to obsolete a technology?
What should I do if someone calls the pound on my dog?
Will technological unemployment lead to a collapse of the economic system if most of the jobs are done by machine?
Sports: Do you think one day technology such as drones, biosensors, 3-D computer imaging, etc., will make referees and umpires obsolete?
What technologies will be available by the 2020s?
Which are trending technology news websites?
Are smart speakers (Alexa, Google Home, etc.) going to replace a meaningful fraction of the normal speaker market?
What are the technologies that develop in today's world?
What is the top trending topic in mobile security in 2017?
What will humanity's next great leap forward be?
How plausible is the technology shown in Will Smith's movie "After Earth"?
Is it technologically and scientifically possible to record someone's dreams yet? If so, how is this done?
Can Android OS be replaced with any new technology in the future?
What will be the next big step in the sharing economy?
Why can't we replace umpires/referees with technology, given the advances in technology?
Is holographic video the future for personal communication, and if so why is taking so long to get implemented?
How does Google's API Cloud Video Intelligence work?
Will college diplomas become obsolete in the future?
How many years will pass until we get robots like Chappie?
How can I scrape data from the web to display on my chatbot?
What problems in the field of science would you like to see solved in the next twenty-five years?
What is the future of carbon fiber?
What is the future of mechatronics? Will it be as famous as computer science?
What are the current possible and practical applications that could be developed using EEG headbands?
What will be the top eCommerce trends of 2017?
What will be the upcoming trends in Commercial Refrigeration Equipment market?
What are the chances that an affordable true AI companion would be available in the next 50 years?
What are the latest technology used in civil engineering sites?
Why do we think of the future as very high technology?
Could there ever be an 'artificial' Winter Olympic games?
How has technology changed socialization?
How well is Microsoft regarded as a company within the Silicon Valley ecosystem? (2017)
What are some unique startups that can we expect in 10 years of time?
Are we overestimating ourselves in terms of the the technological advanced humans will make in the centuries to come?
How could Chatbots impact the travel industry?
Are there any activities a human will always be more adept at than AI irrespective of how advanced it becomes?
Is this statement true: "The Blockchain will be to assets what the Internet was to information?"
What is the scope of nanotechnology in future?
Will we continue to have technology for the blind in the future?
Will the science and technology needed to build nuclear bombs (at least as powerful as the fatman bombs) become commonplace in the future?
What areas of the US consumer tech industry have the best growth potential in 2017? Why are they ripe for growth?
What is the best future technology (after 2017) according to you?
What comes after apps? Will we move onto something more permanent or is the web still the future?
What do you see as the areas of greatest concern for technology as we move into the future?
In the next 20–40 years, who do you think will be the most respected researcher in computer science?
How do electronic devices capture light?
How does it feel like being exposed to a new world and technology after a 15+ year of coma state?
What are some thoughts about the Nintendo SNES Mini?
Is Quora planning to incorporate video into their interface in the near future?
Which new technologies have emerged over the last fifteen to twenty years have had the most impact on our lives?
What are some job types that will exist in the near or remote future?
What do you think is the major advancement in the field of aerospace in the last 5 years?
Technology: Will the exponential growth of supercomputers ever slow?
Where will the next big fight for oil be?
After two years in TCS, I want to learn new technology so I can switch in the future, as the technology which I worked on (i.e. Lansa) has no scope. What technology should I go for?
I am a front end developer with 3 years of experience and a strong desire to continue in my field. What could be the technology in my field that I can adapt for the future?
What will the upcoming trends be in the ADME toxicology testing market?
What are the best tech gifts available this year?
What's the practice of architecture going to be like in the near future? What changes will we be seeing, given the fast rate of technological advancement?
Where can I get some cool ideas for decorating my room, my computer table and the walls?
What was it like going from MIT student to TV host?
What are the pros & cons of wearable devices?
Will today's technology become obsolete in the next 30 years?
What are the reasons of scientific and technological advancement of Japan?
Are videobooks going to be the next big thing?
How do mobile technologies support learning?
What are major fitness trends of 2017?
In 2014, what are the scarcest resources?
How would the atom sized transistor change the world?
What do you think is the future of Augmented Reality? Is it going to be a technology of future or just another gimmick which will fade over time?
Could driverless vehicles become the norm in the foreseeable future?
What is the problem definition and problem description for software trends?
If landing on the moon was possible decades ago, why don't we see other nations doing the same thing now that technology is way more advanced?
Is there a Voice First device like Alexa for children?
When is Amazon Go going to take off and be mainstream?
In the next ten years, what growth do you expect to see in protein therapeutics?
What are the latest emerging technology for software operators?
What are the design processes for products launching in 2017?
What really big technological leaps have happened in the past 10 years that had nothing to do with computers?
What are some of the major problems that the world would be facing in the next 25 years?
What is the limitation of improved technology?
As advanced technology allows us to quantify more abstract things, will society shift towards utilitarianism?
What are recent advancements in measurement and evaluation in education?
AI can make our world better. Yet Stephen Hawking has warned the dangers of it. How can Google fully harness its potential while keeping it safe?
How do you check if someone has high honesty and integrity to work with and becoming business partners for the next 5 years?
What are the benefits of hiring a Travelport developer for your travel business?
Do you know about Skillvent Technologies?
How can you make sure a message that is supposed to be delivered to someone 500 years into the future will reach that person?
What researchers are leading in Human Enhancement Technologies?
How do you imagine technology will advance within the next 30 years?
When will advanced technology make humans obsolete?
What should I choose at the age of 27, salary or latest technology for work?
If you find a phone a hundred years in the future and give it to scientists today, what hypothetical advancements would be made in technology?
What is internet today and what will it be in future?
When will traditional Television be a thing of the past?
What are some technological improvements that will come about in the next 50 years?
How do you define a smart home?
Is there a recognized measure to extrapolate the current level of clandestine or secret technologies?
Will technology bite us in the ass?
What is in trend to start a business or startup in 2017?
What are the most useful technologies?
Are there any available bands, smart watches, or other accessories capable of recording audio in India?
Will we inherit data?
If you had all the money in the world, what is the next big thing you would likely invest in?
Considering sportswear technology and genetic editing advancements, how will the game of basketball look 100 years from now?
Will there ever be a replacement for the Scantron any time soon?
Is it a moral imperative for a technologically advanced species to design life?
What must be changed in India in the next two years?
How likely is an eruption campi flegrei in the near future (next 5 years)?
Could it be possible one day to live as hologram cartoons with computerized brains?
What is the next big thing in Hadoop, so that I can start learning it now and become considerably knowledgeable in the field, before competition arrives?
What's the next big leap in automotive systems?
Do you think esports is the next big thing?
When will robotic fast food restaurants become the norm?
What are the top gaming changing technologies for 2017?
What are the main problems in technology/software?
Why do terrorism, crime and poverty continue to be on the rise despite technological advances?
With Twitter pushing Digits, will phone number verification/sign-in be the future?
How would life be like under the technological singularity?
Could we go to any planets in the next few decades if we put most of our economies into it?
Is so much technology advancement good for us or are we all doomed?
What kind of shape-shifting technology exists in 2016, and what does the future hold for it?
What is the next trend in car lighting?
What are the biggest, coolest, or most significant applications of relational search?
What's the most promising new industry in the future?
Are humans too dependent on technology? Why or why not?
Is technology making us more lazy?
Which company will be remembered 100 years from now, Apple or Google?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
What is preventing photonic computing from going mainstream?
What are some realistic technologies which could result from the findings in the research article, Genomically encoded analog memory with precise in vivo DNA writing in living cell populations, authored by MIT's Fahim Farzadfard and Timothy K. Lu?
What will Technology Be Like in the 2020's I heard that its Gonna be Awesome and Is that true?
What is the next big medium for content creators? And does it exist now, or will it involve a new technology?
When is the next Evento version coming out?
What are new engineering technology proposals on going?
What technology training will be most desired in the next 3 years, when tech employers are looking for professional employees ($50k+ per year only)?
What jobs should I be considering for 5 - 10 years from now?
How does the Israeli society see the future in the long run? Are they optimistic about the world in the next 20 or 30 years?
Is the dependence on computers a good thing or should we be more suspicious of their benefits?
How does one identify if the market is going to quickly grow in the future?
What do you think the world will be like 10 years from now (2017)?
What are the latest development in biotechnology?
Why are US corporations using their more advanced technologies in other countries?
Which promising field of technology are you studying or building a business in and why?
How do you learn current technologies by yourself?
What are the future prospects for a bio technology student after graduation in central government?
Will technology have a limit as Michio Kaku once said?
What are the productivity related activities that you could potentially, if not already, get done in an automated manner?
Will industrial engineering become obsolete?
Which new/trending technology should I learn before my final year vacation?
How does ultrasound generate localized acoustic radiation pressure?
What do you think we will be able to achieve with technology by the year 2025?
Will Appian be around for the next ten years?
What do you think about the ASIC verification engineer careers in the next 10 to 15 years?
Are adblockers killing the internet monetizing?
What are the technologies that will dominate 2017?
What is the smallest possible diameter hole that can be drilled using the latest technology, and by which process?
How can I inspire my customers by having a good travel technology?
Is it worth buying a gaming laptop for college?
What's the next big thing that is NOT Data or Computer Science related?
If we are progressing so far in science and technology, why haven't they proved evolution yet?
We've had the personal computer, internet, cell phones, what will be the next great technological discovery that will innovate the way we live?
Will most finance/banking jobs like accounting become automated in the near future?
What popular website isn't going to survive the next 10 years?
Will supersoldiers be created in near future?
Will computers ever be able to perform creative tasks?
What does Trumpism and Putinism share in common (e.g. hatred against the future, modernity, technology, innovation and progress)?
Which is the tech review (blog/channel) that you refer before buying stuff? And, why?
How have you seen the world and technology change over the last 30 years? Do you think the rapid advancement of technology is good or bad?
How do I ensure my security company survives as the future rolls in?
What are the industries that would be booming in the next 5 to 10 years?
Do you have some new companies in your area/country which you think may become next BIG thing? What makes them so special?
Why is Data Science and Big Data removed from Gartner's Hype Cycle 2016?
Will technological advances and advancing cultures lead long term to the extinction of the human race?
Apart from technological advances, how has warfare changed in the last few hundred years?
We are developing an online marketplace. How do we automate real-time, accurate pricing and availability of the products on our website?
Can Ethereum be the next big thing after Bitcoin?
What will be the impact if the number of people with computer science degrees doubles by the next decade?
What will replace screens in the future?
Is it a smart idea to buy wearable devices?
What is the new trend in animaton today?
Why are advancements in technology growing exponentially?
What are Bill Gates’ expectations for the biggest issue technology can solve in the next 10 years?
What new technologies are likely to be developed in the future (in 100yrs)?
How did partition revolutionize crypography?
What new devices will be introduced within the next 50 years?
Do you ever worried that may be in the next decade you are going to lose your job due to those super computers and robots?
Is it true that military technology is 30 years ahead of civilian technology?
What are the current trends in technology this 2015 and 2016?
Why does ponchos become the versatile trends today?
What is the latest technology in a data warehouse?
What are some scientific concepts which were accepted absolutely a few years ago, but have been refuted now after advanced research?
What are the main advantages of using car rental software for your business?
As a young person, what are the odds that I will walk on the Moon one day?
What is the Latest Technology in software testing?
Does the IT (Computer Technology) of Canada have potential in the near future?
What's the likelihood that the hype around the Nokia 3310 coming back is true and the phone sells a lot of units compared to Apple or Samsung?
When do you expect the Internet of Things to actually globalise?
Which technologies failed in the past but will succeed in the future?
What are some of the best newsletters to subscribe for increasing tech knowledge?
What percentage of CFA jobs will machines take in the next 5 years?
Is there such thing as being big boned?
What are the top 10 future technologies that are still under a development phase?
What should be my next big move?
How can I lose my best friend without hurting him?
What are the latest environmental control technologies used?
What will the world look like in 500 years? What will be the population estimates, major powers in the world, evolution, extinct species, technology and life expectancy?
Is there any existing or upcoming technology that can replace dialysis?
What are some interesting websites related to current technologies?
Which is the latest technology in science?
What works of fiction best depict possible futures for technology and its impacts on humanity?
What are the life-changing gadges to have?
Will the Android 5 Lollipop still exist in the next two years?
Investors: is Nokia worth your investment in 2017?
What are the characteristics of big data?
How far can technology take us?
What social, psychological, emotional, and physical impact will our current use/misuse of technology have on us in the future?
Do you think tech valuations will go down in the future?
What is Leader Technologies?
When will 3D printing food become an affordable household reality?
With technology these days or in the future, can telekinesis be a reality?
Is Internet going to break up into separate, nation controlled networks?
Do you think the guy with super speed would be able to beat the sentinels in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
What organizational design changes, if any, do you see are needed to take advantage of technological changes?
How long will it be before we have digital wallpaper that can display any image at the press of a button in our homes?
Why can't we harness the power of lightning?
How do I learn about the latest technology and modern techniques, like polyhouses, in agriculture in India?
What is the next advance you see in manufacturing in 5 years?
What could we accomplish in 1500 years?
What is the anticipated increase in Spaceship speed over the next 50-100 years?
What is the primary technology or development that allows drones to exist en masse now, but not ten years ago?
What are the best sources to keep up with meta-trends in digital transformation?
What is next after automation?
What are some of the new technologies in the software field?
Is the future of innovation in Silicon Valley or elsewhere?
What technology is required to build a teleporter?
What is your prediction for global developments in the next 10 years?
Which is the most technologically advanced motorcycle in India?
How can you search for prior art besides browsing existing patents, since you can't Google it, because your search request might be displayed on Google Instant and give away the invention?
What would be the implications on technology if battery technology was 100 times as efficient as today's lithium ion cells?
Is there a MOOC/course/app/website to know all the up to date technological advancements in the world so that we can analyze them to plan a career?
Can AirBnB overcome its regulatory hurdles?
What are the future trends in analytics?
What are the emerging technologies and most unknown technologies, for a paper presentation to compete with others?
What is the most advanced piece of technology you've seen in your life?
What will be the upcoming trends in the bunker fuel market?
Which courses or certifications should I do to build a good career in virtual reality or augmented reality?
What fields are the future of computer science?
The Future: What good or bad developments can I see taking place in our world if I live until 2100? 2200?
What do you imagine are the biggest leaps in technology that we can expect in the future?
What are the new trends on the block?
When will AR technology surpass smartphones?
What is a tech bubble?
What are the new technologies in automobiles?
What is the latest technology in robotics?
What are the latest developments in the electronics industry?
What new kinds of jobs will be created in the next 10 years?
What are the biggest problems facing humanity in the 21st century?
Will Guwahati develop in the near future?
How do I keep myself updated on foreign opportunities regarding technology?
What are the best audio gadgets?
How do identities shape technology and business in the context of today, as well as for the future?
Why does it appear that technology makes huge advancements every year that can be seen and applied in the field, while medicine slowly progresses?
What technology did people in the 1900s predict in the future (e.g., for 2000)?
What are the trending fields in technology in 2017?
How would you image Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality evolving in the next 10-15 years? —  and what will their impact be on society?
What are the trends in chemical manufacturing today?
What did you once consider futuristic and never believed having at some point, that you own today?
What are the technological advancements in design?
How likely is it for the outermost layers of our brains to be entirely artificial by the next decade?
What is the future of the film industry with the technology of today? Brainstorm with me and drop your ideas, so that we can build a new system together .
If the Warm-hole was made in future, In what way they Fix the destination to other Dimensions?
What STEM skills can I learn now that will be transferrable to something relevant 20 years from now?
How has battery technology evolved in the past few years, and how can it evolve further?
What are best, useful and advanced tools or hacks not every body use, that make you feel lucky you live in 2015 e.g software, technology, device, etc?
Can smart technology really take us to a planetary civilization level?
What are some outrageously false predictions about technology in this millenium?
What are the new areas in life sciences that will have profound impact over the next 50 years?
Will there come a point in the future when all areas of knowledge, including the sciences, become complete, so that no further study is required? If yes, will jobs become unnecessary?
What will be the next big thing for getting into orbit?
What are the best technology analyst blogs?
Will snakable connection cables be much more common in the future?
What is the latest trend in Digital printing?
Are we going to have problems with the capacity of the radio spectrum in the near future?
Will electronic virtual assistants ever master our language?
How long until we are able to digitize human consiousness?
What is the next big thing in the real estate world? Either you move with the trends or get left behind.
How has the internet infrastructure evolved over time and what is its future?
If you could paint your own future for the next 20 years, how would it look like?
What are the latest technological advancement in recent times?
What is the latest technology now?
What is the main goal of Samsung's $1 billion investment in AI technology?
In the future, 50 years from now, there will be a lot of cars flying about over the roofs of our houses. How will we be able to protect ourselves from the failing vehicles falling down?
Will the population in India rise or fall in the next decade?
What are the areas in banking where technological advancement are needed currently?
Will technology & science make prisons as we know them obsolete?
What is Nanotechnology and what India is doing recently?
LinkedIn and tech websites are obsessed with Hyperloop, autonomous drive, and AI. Why is nobody excited for optical computing?
Will future technology be able to move Earth out of its orbit?
Visualize how you would like to spend the income you earn over the next 30 years. What will your top 5 expenditures be?
When will the humanity be able to fully control Earth?
Who believes technology from the FAR future already exists and that governments are just holding it back to release it in stages?
How do you want Quora to change with respect to privacy during the next 5 years?
Is there a way to keep track of what new technologies enter the market?
What advances will we make with DNA technology in 30 years?
Do the pros outweigh the cons associated with these advancements in robotics?
If you can have the intelligence/capacity of the famous people like Einstein, Tesla (whomever of your choice) for one day what will you do?
Will there continue to be prepaid phone companies that offer unlimited data in the future?
What is an anti-technological society?
What advancements are happening in medicine now? What advancements will happen in the future?
What will be India's military position in the world in the next 10 years?
Is the definition of technology changing?
How will technology affect our lives by 2020?
What will iOS be like in the next 25 years?
How do you think the culinary industry will evolve in the next 10 years?
What is the future of international students in USA for next 5 years?
How will the translation industry change within the next 25 years?
What trends will affect the legal profession in the coming years?
How is investment banking going to change in the next 10 years?
What will armoured fighting vehicle development in Asia look like for the next 20 years?
What is going to be the next "big thing" in the next 25-50 years?
Has there been a rapid progression in materialism recently or has the advancement in communication technology, just brought it to our attention?
What is the next big thing in cryptocurrency?
What's next after smartphones?
What are the most exciting problems to be working on in the high end audio market over the next two years?
In the future, could new industries and new technologies create wealth beyond our imaginations?
What will the upcoming trends be in the functional food ingredients market?
How many technologies are used to manufacture a compact disc? What is the future of physical and portable storage?
What changes according to you would the next social revolution bring about?
What are some mind blowing hover bikes that most people don't know?
What are the nano technology used in the construction of pavements?
What will the upcoming trends be in the distribution automation market?
Who will our enemies be in the next 50 years?
What will be the future of flight services after 50 years in India?
What are high quality house frames such that include HVAC or other advanced technology?
What is the latest technology used in formwork?
The rate of automation outpaces the rate of job creation designed for those who lost their previous job as a result of said automation. What is the solution?
What is the future of Lykke Exchange?
What trends are we likely to see in enterprise tech in 2017?
Why is Spain not as technologically advanced in space as some other countries?
What are the biggest ways in which the world 20 years from now will probably be different from today? What are the biggest "X factors" (changes that are not probable, but are possible and could be huge)?
We always talk about where we have gotten in 20 years. How much technology would've developed? What's humanity's future? But what happens to us today?
What are the latest manufacturing trends and how can Nestle benefit from them?
What are the best majors for ambitious young people?
Start: What's the first step to take after coming up with an idea for a company?
How do customers benefit from the growth of travel technology?
How will the world be like in 2040 with regards to AI?
What is the latest irrigation technology?
Why do some people eat dogs and cats?
When will the military become obsolete?
How do you become an “early adopter” of the next big thing in the tech world?
What is the next big MLM?
Do you think the rapid advancement of technology will cause the world unemployment rate to skyrocket in the next 30 years, and if so how can we adapt?
What are some technology shifts that will create massive opportunities in the next decade that have not been hyped by the media?
If in the future we can live in a virtual world so real we don't know the differences, could that not become the world we call real and never leave?
What every day device is begging for new technology?
Explain at least two major civil rights policies over the past 60 years and their impact. Do these federal actions have a direct impact on you?
What are the latest trends in pre-engineered buildings (PEB) and structures?
What is some advice for starting a business 5 years out? I'd like to open a gym in 5-10 years from now. What should I do now?
Will we be using iPhones in 10 years?
Are there any companies that are working on artificial intelligent systems such as those shown in the movie Her (2013)?
Why don't banks rewrite their software with the latest bleeding edge technology?
What are currently the most technologically advanced tanks in the world and what nations have them?
What are the estimated sales of voice assistant devices in 2017?
We all know digital is the next big leap. How can we foresee highly-skilled demands/domain-specific needs changes in the banking industry?
What are the main bottlenecks that are delaying technological singularity?
Will SIM cards be eliminated from mobile phones in the near future?
What is a cool new tech devices?
How far will technology advance in the next 200 years?
Can blood be replaced with something other than blood and still keep a person alive?
What technology will developers need in the next five years?
Is Marshmello the next big thing in EDM music?
What jobs will be highly paid in next 10 years?
Is the future of technology based in real-time data analysis?
I am a huge fan of Moto GP. How can I keep myself updated regarding all the events? Is there any app for it or something?
Where do you see technology in future for example first internet and computer era then smartphone, app, v.r so, what is going to be next big thing?
Does not it necessary for the number of diseases to be reduced while technology is so advanced?
Are there any plausible Interstellar propulsion systems on the relatively near-term horizon (next 10-20 years)?
What would super fast nano technology physically look like?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ultrasound Devices?
In the near future, can man possibly hike and reach the summit of Olympus Mons?
What are recent technology trends on which I can do my project?
What are the most meaningful problems to solve now given how primitive the human brain today will probably be relative to technology enhanced brains of the future?
Where can I get information about new technologies, tools, automation, scripting, etc.?
What's the most effective way to find patent prior art?
What is the latest or an upcoming technology/topics related to security, cryptography, or digital signature for delivering a technical seminar?
What is the next big platform for marketing?
When will facial recognition technology be able to perform reliable search in video?
Which futurists should be recognized as the most accurate? (Ex: Asimov, Kurzweil, Toffler, Sagan, etc.)
What makes you most optimistic when you look at the next 25 years?
Can future technology make us immortal? It is just a hypothetical scenario against natural consent. If it is possible, what would happen as a consequence?
Which are the best tech applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What will be next breaking technology trend in 2014- 2017 era?
What do you think has been the greatest technical innovation in the last 10 years?
What is future trend in hospital?
What are some of the major design trends we will see emerge in 2017?
Which computer language will grow and will be on top in next 5-10 years?
What building architecture advancements will we see in 100 years?
What new features would you like in a consumer car that aren't currently available?
Which tech company rules the Tech Future?
What will happen when everything is automatic?
What will the Android platform be like in the next 25 years?
What is the likelihood of Google buying/merging with Verizon in the near future?
Can scientists of the future create simulated consciousness states akin to heaven and hell?
What ‘geo – economic’ region in the world offers the best business development opportunity in the next 5 years?
As new technologies continue to improve quality of life and make it easier and easier to be content, how can one stay motivated?
Theoretically, could a computer one day : (1) pass a state bar exam or (2) successfully challenge a human opposing counsel in court? Would a computer make the "perfect" attorney or judge?
How will the world be transformed by the digitalization?
Will we be able to watch Blu-ray movies on mobile phones in the future?
In the future, will technology be advanced enough to be able to travel back or forward in time?
What's the future of the open web?
How will airline costs be affected in the next 5-10 years?
Monitor screens are evolving to have greater resolution but BPC seems to remain constant at 8. Why isn't there a demand for greater color variety?
What do the latest developments in technology mean for life in the least developed countries?
What will the upcoming trends in the pharmacogenomics market be?
What technological hurdles do you assume we will overcome in the next 300 years?
Willl we have weapons capable of destroying planets in the near future?
What will be the future of mobile phone after a 30 years from now?
Do you have an idea what will be the next Facebook or Instagram within the next decade?
Do you have a weird relationship with technology and why or why not?
What's the upcoming new technology now?
Can you think of any ideas which are science fiction today but which will be common technologies in the next 50 years?
What's the current stage of full immersion virtual reality?
What are the technological advancements to favour Thanksgiving during 2016?
Where is the aeronautical/aerospace industry heading within the next few years? How do I keep up with this industry?
How would you make an Iron Man type-suit based on existing technology or technology that would likely be possible in the future?
Which areas should India really focus on right now and where can technology be used to tackle those issues?
What will future earthlings think of past earthlings who mandated cars for transportation/destroyed the environment, if future technology is a genetically engineered horse-hybrid?
What is going to replace the Internet?
What do you think the world will look like in 400 years?
What is the latest technology that's used in smartphones?
Now that space operas, dystopias, and cyberpunk have become somewhat dated, what is the defining vision of the future in the 2010s?
Do you think desktop PCs will ever become obsolete?
What could we achieve in terms of technological advancement if most of the world's money was used?
What are some industries with potential growth in next 5-6 years in India?
What are current technology developed by IBM?
Is India capable of becoming number one in advanced technology by 2050?
What are the major trends in jewelry in 2017?
Will content be king for the foreseeable future?
What are the new trends in information technology in tourism?
Besides Concorde jets, what are some examples of a new technology being adopted in modern times but later abandoned in favour of older technology?
What is the upcoming technology in networking?
What excites you about the future of 3D printing?
How will technology change our lives?
Would humanity be technologically more advanced nowadays if years were longer?
What is the best way to keep abreast of the latest developments in machine learning?
What technological changes will happen over next 7-10 years?
What are the new trends coming up in society?
What should I do to improve my skills in technology?
What is beacon technology?
Will most innovations in the next five years focus on quality of life improvement for the upper, middle, or lower class?
What home color trends for 2017 are you most excited about?
What are the latest technologies to stop the spambots?
What are the odds of cryogenics developing in the next 100 years?
What is the best way of learning T24 technology?
What will be the change in technology after 50 years from now?
What will radio be like in the next 25 years?
What is the future of video games? How will we go beyond virtual reality?
How fast will computers be 50 years from now?
What are the future technologies in the IT industry that will be in huge demand?
If Moore's law is coming to an end, does that mean that iPhones won't be much more powerful or faster in 10 years?
Will accessibility features on smartphones improve?
What will be the state of human technology in 5 years?
What image do you get when you imagine yourself after five years? Where do you want to see yourself?
What scares you most when you think about the next 25 years?
How do hoverboards work?
What do you think the future will be like 25 years from now?
What capabilities and limitations should computers be programmed to have at the point of the technological singularity?
What has been the biggest innovation within the past 5 years that most people know nothing about?
What are some demographic shifts we might anticipate should designer genetics technology become feasible in our lifetime?
Would 3D printing be massively embraced in furniture design and application in the future?
Which part of bacteria is used in rDNA technology?
What startup will have the biggest social impact in the next 10 years?
What one book would you suggest if I want to be a billionaire within next 10 years?
Within ten years, what is the one product you hope will be invented for your own use?
Will humanity ever be able to harness the power of matter replicator technology, as is used in star trek?
What are your social media predictions for 2014?
What are some common flaws in mobile devices?
Where do you see the world technologically in 2120?
Elon Musk and his associated companies are doing some great work using technology and engineering to advance our world. Who else (either companies or people) is doing similarly exciting work with technology right now?
What are the upcoming Android Wear 2 smartwatches in India (2017)?
Who is Roopam Sharma, and why do people compare him to Steve Jobs and Elon Musk?
Will there be something better than the Internet in the future?
What are the current Business Trends?
Can bad guys create a microbe that causes a zombie outbreak/epidemic?
Keith Rabois: How do you see internet transforming 20 years from now?
How is technology going to impact education over the next 25 years?
What are the basic travel technology aspects that will help customers to grow their business?
Could the future internet technologies (search engines and social networks) answer this kind of questions like: "where are my keys?"?
In the future will children be asking their parents if they can invite their friends over that they met on the internet?
What are the specific aspects that make car rental applications inevitable for your travel business?
Will we be as technologically challenged as our parents and grandparents when we get older? Or will we be as tech-savvy as our children? (I'm a millennial)
Will scientists achieve their goal of curing blindness by 2020?
Is technology moving faster than our learnable and human adaptable ability?
Are we ready for a bear, or a prolonged sideways, market for approximately the next 20 years?
What is the next technology that the world is waiting for in the next 10-15 years?
How did Chinese make phenomenal progress in aviation technology? Will they be able to surpass US technological superiority in near future?
What are the pros and cons of Adobe Project VoCo?
How many upcoming national parties do you see in the next 10 to 15 years?
Do you envision a world where, in the next 20-25 years, going to an educational institution and getting a physical degree will be even relevant?
What is the biggest trend?
Have sticky notes become less popular in the digital age?
Why should I buy a smartwatch?
What will financial institutions be like in 10 years from now?
Technology: Ten years from now what electronics will we be carrying?
Which event is more likely to occur first? Encounter with extraterrestrial civilizations or sentient machines civilizations?
I believe, one day soon, Wi-Fi will be available to every corner of the world through satellite, and may be free. What will happen to companies that sell phone services and cable services then?
What is next big thing in electronics?
How does someone become tech savvy?
Will there come a time in the (maybe distant) future when Quora's algorithms will choose the best answers without the need of humans (up/downvotes, PeopleRank, etc.)?
Which are top highly payable technologies trending in market for 4 year experience developer?
What would be the next big thing in chemical engineering?
Will there come a time when there will be no innovation and technological advancement?
How can I remain relevant when technology is advancing so rapidly?
What do you think about the book "Exponential Organizations" by Salim Ismail?
If you could put 3 items in a time capsule to be opened in 200 years, what would they be?
How will technological development change the relative attractiveness of living centrally?
Can we be reborn due to genetic recombination in the near future?
Is it okay to spend huge amount of money in finding planets which are hundred's of light years away, which cannot be reached with the current or near future or maybe distant future technology and then pat each other's back for that finding?
How can I know the recent innovations and technologies in automobiles?
Is AI the next big (Good / Worst) change for the world?
What are the names of some (around 15) nano-materials along with their applications in modern and possible future industries?
Why do people resist technology changes?
What are the recent trends in HRD?
Is there any course on medical wearable technology?
Could society adapt to a more decentralized world where technology create new opportunities for disruptive and collaborative global economies?
If I have an invention idea and have built it what are the next steps to take to make it appear in stores and make millions off it?
What is Nutanix road map in the next 5 years?
What are some of the best uses for augmented reality (AR)?
Which are the best technological sites?
What is the future of technology business?
What are the latest programming trends this year, 2017?
What area the latest trends in menswear?
What is the latest advanced gun?
Will the TV become a two-way device?  If so, what are the implications?
How do previous generations of chatbot differ from the latest?
What will be the future home automation feature that people won't be able to live without?
Why did Apple acquire RealFace, the AI facial recognition company?
What are some of the main theories about mindcontrol and erasing memories?
Why is it important to maintain the online presence of your travel website?
Is technological advancement the downfall of civilisation longevity?
What is the third stage of tri state logic device in digital electronics?
Did humans create any new sense using new technology?
How do open source hardware companies avoid patent infringement?
Imagine Earth in 3015. How would you think a daily life would go then?
What are some big medical advancements we are getting close to achieving?
What do you think the next big movement will be in America?
Why India can't adopt latest technology as developed countries?
What are the trends in technology in year 2017?
What will be essential for a operating system to survive in the market 5 years from now?
What will the next internet gold rush be?
Will a place like Westworld exist in the next century?
What will be the upcoming trends in Variable Frequency Drive?
Why is Mexico more technologically developed than other Latin countries?
Why are passengers asked to switch off all electronic devices before takeoff and landing?
Is the next big thing predicted or created?
Are talk therapists in danger of being replaced by technological solutions?
What are some new technologies that are user-friendly for people above the age of 65 or so?
Is there a way to tweak Word to make the canvas look grey in a dark theme?
Who has been in the forefront of the high-tech revolution and how/why?
What is your opinion about the trending hactivists ‘Legion Crew’?
What is the new technology that has been adopted in the civil engineering field in the year 2017?
Do we really need advanced technologies like artificial intelligence or augmented reality?
How do I keep up to date with each and every new technology around us?
What is the most trending Gadget right now?
In the future, will computers make human intellectual endeavours obsolete, as computers, not humans, become the new problem-solvers?
What are the latest technologies introduced to the automotive industry?
How far beyond can we go with nanotechnology?
What is the future of big data and Hadoop online classes?
Just how far can technology advance in the smartphone area?
Which are top 5 stocks in your country that showed tremendous growth in the last 5-10 years?
What are the leads and trends in new high-tech products now?
Will technology in the 2020s decade be similar to Corning Incorporated’s vision?
What will be the upcoming trends in Medical Adhesives and Sealants market?
Why is the thicc trend a thing?
What are the current technology trends that are already in the market this 2016?
Why are so many people predicting the death of the smart watch within an year?
What does the current trend line for die progress units vs. time look like?
What is the coolest current or up and coming fitness technology?
What are the options for a 7.5 years experienced tester (female) for switch job role for next level survival in IT industry?
Do you think demons are inter-dimensional beings with advanced technology?
By 2050, what jobs will robots not be able to do that humans can? Why?
Why is a luxury resort hotel the first commercial business to deploy Voice-First devices?
Should I go to college? I'm turning 20 next year and I haven't achieved anything. The reason why I didn't go was I had dreams of being an entrepreneur
In what ways has technology made us lazy and how will new technologies make us lazier in the near future? 
What are the biggest projected changes in consumer technology over the next fifty years?
What is the impact of wearable technology over the healthcare sector?
Will the Star Trek basic income payment come true in the next 10 years?
What technologies require further development to make personal "Back to the Future" hoverboards with existing technologies used in drones?
What will be the upcoming trends in the electric vehicle market?
What interface is the best for closed "IoT" systems securitywise?
What major scientific discovery, breakthrough or project would probably make headlines in 2016?
How would apps like WhatsApp verify accounts if SMS is obsolete?
What are the recent advances in surface measurement?
What is the future of automobiles in Pakistan in the next 5 years?
What are the various features of Online Travel Agency (OTA)?
Will the next big thing be Electric Energy storage systems?
What is the latest and greatest trend in your country?
What are new trends in biotechnology for 2017?
What are the technological advancement (ongoing) effect on fertility & society?
What are the upcoming trends in the ostomy drainage bags market?
In the next decade, which professional career group will occupy the top?
What are the recent trends to make a house in Kerala?
How do you think Vietnam's economy and government corruption is going to change in the next 5-10 years?
Is it possible sometime in the future to develop technologies similar to those used in the movies: The Matrix and Inception?
What is the next big thing in farming and agriculture?
What will be done in biotechnology and nanotechnology in the future? Do they have any dark sides if we become advanced in these technologies?
When (or if) humanoid robots (as depicted in popular sci-fi) are invented, will they be the typical robot we all know, or will they be different?
Time Travel: 10 15 2013 isn't today they went to in back to the future?
Which ASEAN cities will emerge as a global center for politics, business, tech, creativity, the arts, entertainment and science in the next 20 years?
What kinds of suppliers are most likely to benefit from the coming 'internet of things' boom?
Realistically speaking, what will our architecture and technology look like in the year 2100?
What is the on-going trend in IT or Which technology/concept is going to omnipresent in the next 5-10 years?
What is the Amazon Go Store, the new retail shopping experience and why is it important?
Do we live in the best time of civilization?
What are some details about technological advancements related to the marine field?
What do you think with be the next best technology?
Should we be ready to fight, or rather harness, the technological singularity if it ever arises? If yes, how and why?
Will lasercom for small satellites be viable in the next 5 years? The next 10?
Will Venezuela become a "normal" democracy in the next 10 years?
Which software technology in the future has potential?
What is the differentiation between OTAs and direct booking features?
How important will tablet computing be for professions in the future?
What's your top 10 technology news page?
Will a company ever achieve a market valuation of 2 trillion (US) dollars in the next 10–15 years?
What are some possible applications of having knowledge of future events?
What are the skills needed and the genuine sector to invest myself in to become mega rich within the next decade?
What are rather new technologies?
If you had a technological superiority over the rest of the world, what would be your steps to establish utopia?
What are the benefits of White label Travel booking System?
Would you like what you are today 5 years from now?
What could potentially change daily life like the internet has?
Which is the better way to learn Hadoop technology? What are some technologies that will have the better scope in the future?
Why is the sub-Saharan part of Africa the most backward in the world in terms of technology and societal advancement?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ophthalmology Devices market?
What is the closest thing to a science fiction AI do we have today?
Should I look for some other technology other than AS/400 or prepare myself for CAT as it is my career aspiration?
Human being what do in the next level of better technology?
Over the next 6 years, what do you want to see Quora become?
How can we know how advanced is the technology the governments own?
What are the latest technologies in the world today and where can I read about them?
What would you do if your 10 year old skill set is outdated in the new technology world?
Will computers ever be able to have the soul of a human?
What do you predict will be the future disruptive technologies & types of startups that will effect how we use & interact with the internet?
Could you see yourself in a relationship with an OS/Technology in 15 years?
How did Charlotte Coliseum become obsolete so quickly?
What are the benefits of wearable technology?
So I recently watched the movie "Her" and now that Microsoft has integrated Cortana into Windows 10 and introduced Hololens, does anyone else see how fast the future is catching up to us?
How important is technology?
Will 3D printing really change EVERYTHING?
What is the future of technology in transportation?
What are the new thing that we can implement by using IOT?
What's the trend of computer's development in future?
Why are banks slow to adopt new technology?
Which major technological products will continue to exist in our present century?
What is the future of digital wallets? If they're not going too far, what's the next big thing?
What will be the trends in medical imaging equipment market in upcoming years?
What do you think is the next big thing in 2017?
What would be the best future technology in computers that's going to play a vital role? And what would be the best resource for that technology, if I want to master it by myself?
How does your country view the United States in terms of science, technology, and innovation?
Will we likely have the technology to reliably reverse male vasectomies 10-20 years in the future?
How soon will 100% eco-friendly autonomous cars be affordable?
Which technology is in demand for IT administrators?
What's your predictions for SPWR in the next decade?
What are the latest scientific developments in the field of food science and technology in Canada?
In what ways was Snow Crash incredibly prescient?
Can we make phones calls like this?
What is the best culinary magazine to subscribe to in order to keep up with the latest food trends?
How do you predict that Internet culture will change in the next 10 to 20 years?
Which subtitle software is being used by prime focus technologies?
What is that incident in the past that has put smiles on your face and has the probability of repeating itself in the near future?
What is the most modern metro?
What is the future of IBM Cognos (Varicent) in the IT market? Is it a stable technology on which I can rely on for my future growth?
Where can I find research reports, articles, etc. about the latest trends in store design, specifically in India?
What are some advancements (in science and technology) that Indians did a lot before the world did?
Will smartphones in the future support Braille displays?
What new technologies might be invented in the next 50-100 years to combat environmental degradation?
What are the latest technologies introduced in automobiles?
What are the benefits of using car rental software for your business?
What are the most interesting future applications of BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy)?
What artificial senses could humans possess in the near future?
What would be the next the fourth industrial revolution?
Is any language going to grow bigger than JavaScript in the next 10 years?
What future technology idea could last forever and you could proft indefinitely?
What is the next likely breakthrough in Computer Architecture?
What is the future of SailfishOS?
What are the best 3d printers technology that people should have in the near future?
What are the possible technologies or research areas that will rule the future?
Which experimental but expensive technologies today will become cost effective in five years (2022)?
What is the latest technology used in .NET worldwide?
Could Google Glass be used by governments to facilitate total surveillance?
What are the latest technology trends in corrosion inhibitors (oil and gas industries)?
What do you think would be the top tech gadgets in 2040 ?
If humanity survives the next 30,000 years, what would we be doing? What would it mean to be human?
What is the future of employment?
What are the advanced/futuristic technological possibilities with a consistent and infinite (power) source of energy?
How would the people from Bangladesh be using Facebook after 50 years?
Which jobs are the most threatened by future technological advances?
Is the next big thing really self-driving cars? Will people really accept this?
What is the inevitable to happen in the future based on today's technology?
How many products are using USB Type C so far?
Can I quit my job after being approved for a house loan?
What are five predictions for the IoT in 2017?
What do you think the longest lifespan is that a person can have?
What are some of the best technical hacks?
Which are the biggest websites using Backbone.js?
Looking at the trend of technology inventions, what kind of technology advancements will we witness by 2050?
Could ships with bionic tail possible and more efficient than those with helix?
What are some of the touch points that can be capitalised upon in the travel industry?
What are the latest technologies in football in all aspects like training, refereeing, etc.?
Which wearable device are highly awaited in 2017?
How do I keep myself up to date in today's business world?
What are the hot (latest) technologies that have huge requirement in the coming 5 years?
As the annual CES continues and new products are introduced, does anyone see the advantage of the new curved hi-def tv's?
What does trustless mean when it comes to a technology?
What is the best, most efficient process for me to utilize technology and apps to read online web articles at a later time (via an app, Kindle, etc.)?
What will be the greatest global issue in the next 50 years?
When the mass deployment of robots causes widespread unemployment how will the general consumer have money to buy what the robots produce?
How many miles an hour does light travel?
Where do you want to live in the future?
What are the big trends in ed tech in 2017?
Will there be a shortage of pathologists in the USA and Canada in the next 10 years?
Will Google glass be next big thing?
What are the things likely to happen in the 22nd century?
What is it like to be in the latest technology cinema in the USA?
What should BPOs do to stay relevant in this digital era?
Does technological advancement promote narcissism?
What is a good fibre optic OTDR mini portable unit?
What is the Newest technology?
Can a man and a machine merge in the future?
What role, if any, would draftees play in a potential WW3? Does modern technology make "cannon fodder" obsolete?
What, according to you, could be the next Google?
What is the earliest future state of human technological advancement beyond which it is impossible to see?
How has the technology moved on for rocket engines in the last 50 years? What innovations have occurred that are likely to be seen in the next 50 years?
Which are the best online newsletter/ website contains update in technology concept trend (e.g future implementation of technology or invention)?
What advancements could be done in the field of building relocation?
What are the latest technologies that will be introduced in 2017?
What is the future of iPhone? Can it stay relevant even after 10 years from now?
How do I manage my car rental business by using car rental applications?
What are the three major mistakes of travel companies that affects their growth?
What are the future industries expected to boom in a few years?
With so much advancement in technology, why are dental treatments still as barbaric as they were 50 years ago?
What is your favorite obsolete technology?
Since a lot of today jobs are getting replaced by machines, what will tomorrow jobs be?
Will iOS devices like iPhones, iPads, iPods, or Macs die off in the near future?
What aspects of our culture or technology today will be looked upon nostalgically in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Non-Invasive Prenatal testing market 2016-2022?
Which is going to rule the future tech world: Java or c#?
Are there any legal concentrated drugs in the USA for sleep?
How cheap will smartphones become in the next few years?
Is automation only related to the introduction of new technology?
Do you forsee the restaurant industry changing due to technology? If so, how?
Why do Israeli startups sell out early? Are acquisitions the new R&D for big multinationals?
Over the next 30 years, what industries will not be fully taken over by technology and still be reliant on human decision making?
How do I manage my travel activities with the help of car rental software solutions?
What can be the 'humanity-changing' inventions in the future?
How do you think technology is going to shape the future for music fans?
What would be some unusual useful uses of 3D printing?
Is WiMAX technology coming to an end?
What are the fields of business will rapidly grow in the next decade?
Why are there so little companies developing human enhancement/augmentation products/technologies?
Given the fact that technology/methodology expires in three years, why do companies ask for 5+ or 8+ years of experience in technology/methodology?
What can I earn more from in the next 5 years, being a yoga, Pilates, or HIIT-focused teacher?
What do you think will be the next major revolution in?
What new accomplishments will be made in the energy industry in the near future?
What is the most reactive element in group 1?
How can I use the market information tools to grow my travel agency business?
How will future technology affect architect/ interior design jobs outlook?
On Omegle my webcam is flipped the other way round. How do I fix this?
What can white straight men who value diversity do to make the STEM communities overall less hostile to women and minorities?
What is the next big job in the commerce field?
What is the most likely scenario for a world war in the next decade, assuming one will happen?
Is VR the next big thing in new technology?
Will Tezos replace the Internet?
What will be the upcoming trends in Inulin market 2023?
Is this type of vehicle possible?
What are the five big trends in healthcare?
Which personal decisions made by individuals in the past has influenced or directly shaped today's Internet?
How far are we from a future where everything (electricity, power e.t.c.) can be transported wirelessly?
Where is the future of the web going? In other words, what type of software will come into prominence in the next few years?
Ten years back there were no Android phones. What kind of technology changes might we see in ten years from now, that is in 2025?
What changes do you want to see in your country in the next 5 years?
How close are we to having technologically-augmented sight?
What are your thoughts about the rapid advancement of tech?
What is Cozmo tech?
How would the world be without the Internet?
As AI technology makes some jobs obsolete, will an equal number of new jobs be created?
What future advancements can be seen in optical mice technology?
What are the current trending technology/frameworks in Web Technology Domain that I need to learn?
Where do you see the World headed in next decade 2017-2027?
Will advances in technology and software put medical coders out of business?
Why is Google Brain working on unblurring pixelated photos?
What is the opposite of the technological singularity?
How much more increasingly compact will flash storage become in the next 10 years?
Do you think we will have hypersleep technology in the near future?
What are the forseeable impacts of technology taking over our social lives? How will you predict human interactions 50 years from now?
Will the future be more digital?
Did theory become obsolete?
What is the future of consumer electronics?
What is the scope for VFX in the next 10 years?
Would a 2011 Mac Pro outperform a 2016 Macbook Pro?
What is the recent trend in electrical?
Which science fiction novels realistically predict future technology?
What is a 3D password?
Will an Ansible, from Ender's game, or some technology thereof ever be possible?
What will be the next thing after holograms?
Do you feel sad when you see 1985's expectation of 2015 from "Back to the Future Part II"?
Which one is better VU 32" smart TV or Micromax 32" smart Android TV?
What can be the next big thing in technology (condition - with low capital intensity)?
What's the future of Apple in the next 10 years?
What information would make foresight professionals more successful?
What material things in our lives are changing very slowly despite all the technological advances?
How could I encode something that even people with technology a century from now couldn't decode?
What old technologies could by resurrected as the hot next big thing?
Will a Super NES Classic come to market this year or the next?
What large technology companies will see declining revenues or stagnant growth over the next five years and why?
Which knitwear styles are on trend now?
Within the next ten years, what will the biggest breakthroughs in medicine be? (tech, cure, etc.)
What will be the next physical storage medium after the compact disc?
What are the latest electronic protection and electronic support features in latest air defence systems?
How do I know about upcoming technologies in software?
What will the upcoming trends in the powder coatings industry be?
Which domain has scope of getting more IT projects in next 5 to 10 years?
What is the scope of Android Wear in the near future?
In what pace is the technology growing?
What are some things that will be better in the next 10 years than they are today?
What would advanced nanotechnology be like? What are its likely limitations?
Moving from the "Information" Age to what seems to be "machine" age, what do you expect to happen? Where will it put humanity?
Which mobile company is going to rule the market within the next 5 years?
What thechnologies, do you think will see/have 10 years from now?
What are the latest trends in digital marketing​?
Will human evolution in the future be more biological or technological?
What's our future going to be like? Will it be a future of science because the technology that we have is evolving, or a wasteland future because of global warming, etc.?
What advancements in chemistry and biology do you see unfolding within the next few decades?
I have a technology blog where I write about the technologies that is already defining the future. What would you like reading on it?
Adam D'Angelo: What new technologies can be anticipated in upcoming years that are currently non-existent?
What are some amazing facts about magnets?
Do you know about Parasive Technology?
What are the present trending IT technologies we can learn and live with in the USA?
Is Chemical Technology the future and why?
What are the hot topics of the coming 5-10 years?
How will the technology change after 5 years?
Will we have these type of computers in the near future?
Where can I get sources for the latest wireless technology?
How much do you think humans can technologically and psychologically advance?
What industry(s) will likely spawn a new Bill Gates?
How has shipping technology changed throughout the years?
What are the most awesome technology in 2017?
What can I read to update my knowledge about the latest technology in cars?
Which technology is trending now in IT industry and will come in trending after 2 years?
What is the most advanced space technology?
Is Instagram going to be the next big thing?
Will solar technology change the way we live?
Which stock can be 20x in next 20 years?
What are your biggest goals right now that you hope to accomplish in the next 5-10 years?
Which are the best technology applications on Play Store that give the latest updates on world technology?
What tech innovations will be huge in the next 30 years?
What will be the fate of both the USA and Russia in the next 10-20 years? Who will have more supporting nations for them?
What will be the upcoming trends in MES & ECQM market?
As AI tools for programming develop, how will the role of the programmer change, and what skills will become more important?
At first, it was a click, then a touch. And after that, what's next in digital interaction?
Why do we still have physical passports? How long will this last for?
What childhood fantasies of yours (technology wise) have become realities?
Why is an outdated technology like SMS so costly?
What are the most important questions a parent must ask themselves before buying any baby monitors to monitor their child in the baby crib?
Could a person establish a utopia if he had enough money?
What kind of legal and IP issues do you see facing AI companies in the next 5 years?
As technologies are emerging in the future what is the future scope of infrastructure services in a storage and backup?
What is the future going to be like?
Is the Hadoop framework technology useful for the future?
Will Peter Thiel become the Chief Technology Officer of the United States? Why or why not?
What is your one unique thing that proves we are living in a sci-fi world?
What do you think will be the next major piece of technology that everyone in the world will have?
What is the real gain in being able to switch things remotely as being promoted by the Internet of Things (IOT)?
How is Dropbox going to change/shape our lives in the next decade?
Can Utopia achieved through Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI)?
What will be the upcoming trends in Ediscovery market?
Is Newlight's "plastic from air" a plausible technology?
What could be future power technology?
Is the technological singularity much closer than most expect?
What are some technologies that movies predicted correctly?
What are the vital features of the car rental app?
What is FPGA? How does that works?
What is the recent technology in recruitment?
Technology: how can technology enable more sustainable lifestyles in 2025?
How will the HR department evolve over the next 10 years?
What will a website look like in 10 years? Will they be self-maintaining (i.e. Grid)?
When will iBeacons become mainstream?
What could be some disruptive ideas in the next decade?
What's the next big company to work for?
What is the impact that Raspberry Pi will have on the world 10 years from now?
When will the next revolution in the human society take place?
What are the new storage technologies?
What do you think will be the next bio technology item / thing to take off in the next two years?
What kinds of jobs will disappear over the next 25 years? What new ones will take their place?
Which companies in Guntur and Vijayawada can offer VR technology like a VR lens and videos and games to experience it?
What technology is going to replace PDF?
What are the best sources for getting updated with latest discoveries and life hacks?
What are some great ways to find useful application for new technologies?
How long until there aren't many jobs?
What's the most promising emerging industry?
What technological advancements are still necessary to replace police officers with automation?
What jobs will soon be replaced by technology?
Does a stock fall under the umbrella of the Internet of Things?
Is monogamy going to die in the next decade because it is too easy in the modern world to cheat?
What are the most likely ways science might significantly reduce the need for sleep in the next 25 years?
How will 3D sensor technology change the world?
What is the future of the start-up called "VIA"?
How far are we from a bionic/prosthetic hand capable of playing the piano?
How many jobs will be replaced by technology until 2020?
Could a "Jetsons" type skyway ever exist in our world?
How does Brian Roemmele stay on top of so many different technological verticals?
What will be next big impact on digital India according to Nostradamus?
What is the available home automation technology in the Indian subcontinent?
Will Ethereum still be popular in 5-10 years?
How much of the content that is currently available on the internet will still exist in some form in 1000 years?
Where in the world is the most electric car friendly?
How does technology impact the future of news and media?
Will jobs such as waiting tables, picking up trash and assembly line production become obsolete?
In terms of technology, what is the future of hotels?
What are the latest web technologies to learn in 2017?
Will we ever see a day when advances in technology could prevent death?
Why seeing with tongue technology is not developing anymore?
What do you think the world will be like in 10 years?
How will the Internet of Things shape the future?
What is the future of home-services marketplace? What kind of technology would help accelerate that development?
How long does it take a prior-art and patent search?
How will the corporate lifestyle be in the next generation?
How will the large-scale obsolescence of today's professions due to technological advancement transform society?
How can I validate a new product technology?
What will be the top fintech trends in 2017?
Are iBeacon or augmented reality really the technologies of the future?
What is the future of hospitality?
Which is the best gadget magazine?
What role will computers play in 2035?
Is the US going to collapse in the next 5 years?
What should be next big thing in India to start a startup with?
What is the name of the standard document that defines the main groups of manufacturing technologies?
Would Steve Jobs have predicted the future and passed it on to the present boss at Apple?
What are the latest gadgets that can grab the attention of others (not including smartphones)?
If revolution to a post-capitalist economy were to occur, in what ways could the replacement economic system support the centuries-long trend of technological advancement or not?
What technologies could pave way to the future brain computer interface?
Will more cell phone carriers start offering unlimited data in the future?
Where would you put $1m knowing that you can not touch it for the next 10 years?
What is your opinion about on-demand economy and its progress in the near future?
Where do you see CA as a profession in the next 10 years?
With today's technology, why do hotels still feel the need to provide wake up calls? Will they ever stop providing them?
Which is the best personal safety wearable device out there?
Which industries are in their "wild west" phases?
If somehow in the future, the speed of light could be broken by man made machines, could we create some sort of time travel?
If someone from the 2010's or earlier suddenly appeared in 2073, what would be the most difficult thing to explain to them about life in the 70's?
What is the next step for video games industries, after wanting to reach high-quality video rendering?
What is the best innovative technology for the blind?
What are the requirements to work in Boston Dynamics as a mechanical engineer?
Stephen Hawking: We are now technologically advanced. Can't we capture the state of universe to some extent and then predict the future (not exactly but to some extent)?
What mind-blowing technology seen in sci-fi movies could potentially be reality in the next 50 years?
What is going to be most important future technology?
What will America be like in 50 years if it stays on the same course?
What prior art is there that could invalidate Apple's '647 Patent?
How is it possible that people were coming up with better ideas hundreds of years ago?
What are latest trends in industrial automation that can be taken up as a manufacturing business?
Why don't we melt snow instead of plowing it and creating snow hills on intersections that block visibility?
When will IoT become mainstream in how we experience cities, the world, Retail, the internet of screens and analytics that is truly pervasive?
If humanity had no concept of war would we be more or less technologically advanced?
Why Is Neo-Futurism still not a mainstream thing?
Which technical jobs are in demand due to increase in latest technology?
Will technology accommodate evolution or will evolution accommodate technology?
What things must be included in Indian sports policy to make it the most comprehensive for our upcoming generation in next 20 years?
As Bitcoin starts to mature in the next 10-20 years, will it replace or supplement cash or currency?
I am planning a campaign where a communication will go every quarter to the team and would like to move out of the traditional e-mailers and HTML formats. Any suggestions?
How do you see the feature film industry changing in terms of filmmaking technology in the next 5 years?
Is it possible that we may eventually integrate a worldwide “common” language for online communication, apart from whatever languages are spoken geographically, or is the increasing accuracy and efficiency of translation devices likely to make this unnecessary?
How do I follow the latest trends in the travel technology market?
What’s the future of journalism and technology?
Will future technology ever go beyond our reach?
What might be the future for humans who choose to be cut off from technology?
What are some of the best tech credentials and certificates one can get before university?
What scares you the most about technology?
What is life without technology?
What are some of the best uses of bluetooth?
What all new technology and experience do companies demand these days from freshers?
What are future trends of training for creativity?
What is your plan for your company in the next 5 years?
What are the upcoming technologies that are going to be implemented for Solid Waste Management?
In 2030, what will people look back on as the most archaic and primitive everyday technology or tool that was used in 2012?
Will paper ever become obsolete in India?
How can I keep myself updayed with latest marketing startegy?
What jobs will robots free up in the future and what jobs will it increase?
What have been the biggest technological advancements from 2010 to 2016?
What is ransomware?
Astrologically, is a saint expected to lead the country in the next 10 years?
What processes will be automated within the next ten years?
What is the state of virtual reality research and development?
What are the disadvantages of lifi technology?
What are the current trends within the legal industry?
Based on recent trends, is modern website design becoming more confusing and overly artsy for the end user?
I just had a minor accident what should I do? CA.USA.
What is the advanced technology in IT fields?
Is Google Helpouts a competition to Quora? What is your view on the current scenario and near term in the future?
What is the cheapest coworking space for 2 people in the Bay Area?
What will be the next big thing in 2017, after Google, Facebook and Twitter?
How will the world look in next 100 years?
What is the next big thing in IoT?
What area will 3D printing impact the most?
What are the latest sunglasses which are trending this year?
Which is the most technologically advanced airliner?
Is the slowing down or rolling back of technological progress considered anti-technology?
Will we have more technology to overcome in the future?
In the future, will it be possible to trade with energy instead of cash?
What are some international technology conferences?
What is the latest technology in PHP?
What are some interesting technologies that can remove pollutants from the air that countries or the world could buy to improve regional or global air pollution?
What are the emerging technologies in construction industry in India?
Why would adversarial network be “the coolest idea in machine learning in the last 20 years”?
How can technology help in providing staffing solutions?
Is it possible for an IT experienced person to move to current IT trends?
Does the essbase technology has future?
Is artificial intelligence the next big thing in India?
What are the trends of futures of CRM?
What technology might replace video?
What is the future of drones in India? What are the steps taken for drones by the government in the recent past? How can an individual use drones for various purposes, which are beneficial for the public only?
What new technologies do you think will become ubiquitous in the next decade?
What will technology be like in the 2020s decade?
I'm doing a prior art search and found a patent publication. How do I know if it has converted to a patent?
What will be the future of internet content? For example, some 4 years back it was YouTube. Then Facebook. Then came Instagram, Whatsapp, etc. Here comes QUORA. What will be the next one to rule the internet?
Is the transistor ever going to become obsolete?
What will bathrooms be like in 20 years?
Will automation and advanced technology reduce manufacturing costs to make automobiles cheaper for consumers in 2020 as compared to 10 years ago?
What are some things that Google is doing right and some things they should focus more on?
What are going to be the future products that will be based on technology and services?
What effect will process technology reaching its limit have on the near and distant future of electronics industry?
When will the smartphone era that the iPhone 1 introduced in 2007 be over?
What products/services, in your opinion, will change the world within the next decade?
How much will Patanjali grow in the next 5 years in whole world? Will it beat HUL?
What technology are used to pay high salary?
What will be the upcoming trends in Hypodermic Needles market 2016?
Do people need Azan in the world of smart tech, smartphones, and wearable tech?
Are there any new, emerging trends in the consumption of pizza in India?
What is Gigya for?
Why isn’t America supportive of new technology transportation systems?
What would be some impossible inventions?
Where can I get the latest and recent trends or innovations in research areas?
What do you think computers will be like in the next 35 years?
Internet Technology What awaits the Internet for the next 10 years, what's likely to change?
Will there be technology to upload our memories, thoughts, knowledge and skills into a database from our brains by the year 2134?
What parts of the culture or technology of today will people find amusing or disdainful in the future?
What trends will we see in politics 20 years from now?
If technology advances so that people can live for 200 years, how will relationships, careers, and social networks be structured?
What happens after the JAM?
What are the best mobile solutions for Online Travel agencies?
If you had an opportunity to bioengineer any artificial tissue or organ, which one would it be and why?
What do you think would be the biggest tech revolution of the next decade?
What happens to people when machines and computers can perform a task more efficiently?
In what year will we see the first person celebrate their 150th birthday?
Is the laser TV the next-generation display technology?
Is there any new discovery in technology recently?
Could food for basic dietary needs one day be provided by the government due to GMO technology advancements?
Which technology or products will become common in 2017/2018?
Where should I go to university next year?
What will be the future of Google, Apple and Samsung after 50 years?
Did Samsung acquire Harman for $8bn to bring Viv Voice First technology to cars?
What is the latest technology used in events execution?
What will people use consumer-grade 3D printers for?
Which technology has the brightest scope among PHP, Java, and .NET?
Is it foolish to save for retirement given the expected gains in human longevity and the emergence of new technological paradigms like AI?
What is meant by technological change?
What are the cringiest trends of 2017 so far?
What are the leading trends of new high-tech products this year?
What are trending IT technologies in life science industry?
What jobs will people in the future do?
Will new sexes/genders become possible with the introduction of augmentation?
How will Trump address and facilitate innovation the technology sector?
How can ONE reach a visionary entrepreneur for a next big thing product mentoring?
Who will be the first Lawnmower Man?
What sort of technology will allow humans to build colossal structures in space?
What types of engineering face the best opportunities in the future 8 years?
What are recent electronics technologies?
How do I find the next big thing like Bitcoin?
What kind of experiences are very uncommon today, but will become more common in the future? In other words, who is living "the future, today?"
What will Window OS be like in the next 25 years?
Which programming language will have more demand in the next 5 years?
How will the world change in the next 10 years?
What do you think is the possibility of success for a decent MMORPG being programmed with virtual reality in the next 5 years?
When might we see 500TB hard drives on the market?
Will teachers be replaced by technology (robots, the internet, etc.) in the future?
As technology and physics advance, will quantum communication one day be possible?
I only have one eye. Will I become truly disabled once 3D glasses take over?
What will be the upcoming trends in Zinc Citrate market?
Does Alexa affect Amazon’s stock price?
What do you see as the areas of greatest potential or promise for technology as we move into the future?
Which technological solutions can be used to gain super-human physical or mental processing skills, biologically?
What do you think about the latest patchworks trend?
What exactly is Fintech and how can you get involved with it?
How close are we to discovering everything we can imagine?
How can we design smart devices and wearable apps?
Do you know the hottest trend in bitcoin business industry?
What is “mobile malware”?
What will be the new technology in 2025?
If the world were to be robbed of a 100 years worth of technological advancement, how would life have been today?
What will be the future of radiopharmaceuticals in the coming 5 years?
Is there a chance that we could see Google Glass (or similar) used by millions of people in the next 5-10 years?
I think IoT will rule the future technology. How can we make IoT devices of low cost?
Is the Buzztouch app builder worth the effort? Does its lack of native features make it obsolete?
Which tech giants are investing the most in AI and what are their long-term plans?
Future of Work: Which are going to be the top 10 requested jobs in 2025?
Now that we have got every technology at its best, what would people need/be interested in, in the future?
Which technology has a demand in the future and has more survival chances?
Why do some people say VR contact lenses are the future in VR?
Does Jimmy Wales think Wikipedia will cease to exist in the near future?
What is smart city surveillance?
What will Australian foreign policy be in the next 20-30 years?
When will we know that the singularity is here and now?
What trends do you spot in the music industry 5 years out?
What are the top cons/scams from the past 5 years until today?
What is the next generation in IT (Information Technology)?
What is the future of 3D UI for business applications?
Where is technology heading?
Will CA profession be outdated soon (10 years) as we see drastic changes through technology?
What kind of technology do we need right now, but technically it would take years to build?
What are the prospects for a significant increase in PC computation power over the next decade?
What is the next big thing after Bitcoin?
What technology skillset will be most in demand in 2017?
What do you see as the future for society?
I am currently preparing a TEDx (conference) about Humanity 2.0. Who should I particularly invite as a Speaker? 
What are your suggestions for good 40-inch LED TVs?
How will navigating the Internet change in the future? Outside of an Internet of things model?
What would be the condition of the IT industry in the next 5 years?
What do you predict about the world in 2030?
How will IoT (Internet of Things) make world preemptive?
What are some of the must-see technological innovations?
Which is the most reliable 16 GB memory card available in Indian market?
What are some technologies that are going to shape the world in the next five years that are still not well known by people in general?
Is there a chance that Apple/Samsung/LG might launch a hybrid laptop/tablet in the near future?
What is a potential future of crowdfunding idea?
What type of technology do you think will be the new norm to have at home in the next couple of years?
What are some of the latest advances in the field of surgery that will be revolutionary?
Will Apple adopt Bitcoin in the future with its mobile pay NFC technology?
What is the future of a Quiz App in India?
How is the world going to change in the next 50 years?
What field has the largest amount of technology advances removed from the public ability to use it?
How can understanding consciousness and the brain change the future of humanity?
What are some spatial technologies that are used in Australia?
What will Quora be like in 50 years?
In what ways would the field of documentary-making change in the next decade?
If we spent 6 trillion dollars a year on science what would be the result after 10-100 years?
What's in tech today?
What is the future of industrial automation in hyderabad in the next few years?
What is TDI technology?
What are the latest risk management trends?
What has been the general trend in the furniture industry towards the adoption of new technology and going online/e-commerce?
What will some upcoming trends in the telecommunications API market be?
What are some examples of technologies that were once hidden from the public?
How can I start a career in IOT technology?
What are things to do next after finishing a development program in a banking industry?
Will operations jobs become obsolete in the future due to AI?
What are the best trending gadgets in 2017?
Is technology destroying our memory?
How can I get more information about Google's smart contact lenses?
What are the implications of the Internet for liberation movements?
What are the best books on the progress of technology and its potentially ill affects on society?
What is the opinion on the futurist, Gray Scott?
When will the first major disruptive technology start to replace a big, noticeable parts of the human work force in the coming years?
How do you feel about technology?
Will water desalination technology become feasible in the third world?
What technologies will emerge 10 years from now?
Where could the drone industry be in the next 10 years?
What is trending right now in the world?
What is the next advancement in tractor manufacturing?
How will wars be fought in 50 years' time?
How much growth in msbi in next 5 years?
How can smart baggage solutions help travelers?
How can I raise awareness that true AI is about to become reality and we need to prepare?
What would the cost of Internet Technology be if someone could buy it?
What makes a BMW a BMW?
How has digital technology changed the buyer/buying process?
What does Trump presidency mean for tech trends?
Will there be a rapid demonetization of the cost of living in the next 20 or so years?
Where can I download a Steve Jobs and the Next Big Thing ebook or pdf version for free?
Can Islam survive the next 100 years?
Is the technology in Horizon Zero Dawn possible within the next 50 years?
What is the demand for Mule ESB technology in future?
What social and economic consequences would arise if a true AIaaS (artificial Intelligence as a service) offering was available to anyone?
What is good to specialize in, Android app development or web development (HTML, CSS, SQL, etc) or both?
Which countries are the most receptive to new technology?
What should I learn about to create the next big innovation in technology?
How many Quorans have found out about Consiglio Devastations in the last week?
What are some of the most complex & the most advanced technology mankind have ever invented?
How far is science from creating the miracle-generator?
Are women destined to become significantly more dominant than men in American society over the next 50 to 100 years?
How can we prove that we are not in a technological singularity?
What is the application and use of brain to brain communication and how do you deliver the skill and training gap through that technology?
What is the future we are moving to? What is artificial intelligence?
What will happen if I don’t crack the trend.nxt exam held at Wipro?
How could ISB in just 14 years of existence develop as an international brand which none of the IIMs ever could?
What are the emerging technologies and program initiated by top institution of India?
How powerful will computing power be in the next 50 years?
How can technology combat the Pleasure-Pain cycle in the Future?
What is the mobile technology uses by Pakistan?
What tech products are trending right now that I should buy?
Which disruptive technology has the most potential?
What are some revolutionary things that you predict will occur in the next 10 years?
What are the most forward thinking and future reaching quotes?
What are some predictions for the market of computer programming in the next years?
What are the top 5 challenges or obstacles that Otterbox faces in the future?
How will the Internet of Things change everything?
What are new software technologies in 2017?
What is the Radio Garden?
What are the top 3 car rental apps for Windows phone users?
What is the next big thing in cryptography?
Is there any recent advancement in magnetic nanofluids?
How is Apple shaping mobile culture looking ahead into the next decade?
How will a technological singularity affect capitalism and the market?
What's the next big thing in smart phone tech?
What is the name of the ideology of our digital age?
What does “push the human race forward” mean?
Why does every decade hate the next decade in popular music?
What will be the consequences when nowadays kids' favorite toys are computers, smartphones and tablets?
What are some things that you think will no longer be used in about 10 years’ time?
What are KM trends in 2017?
What is the next big thing that is going to happen in India in terms of employment of youth?
What are some of the most accurate technology & science predictions ever made?
What is the next big thing you are working on? Do you think you will change the world again the way you did with Wikipedia?
What are going to be the biggest emerging trends in smart devices in 2017? Why are they on the way up?
Will everyone become homeless when automation takes all of our jobs?
What major change will happen in China in the next 10-20 years?
What are some of the things you can't do in spite of the technological advancements in today's world?
Which from the following will have a stronger impact on the next 10 years: Internet of things, Big Data, virtual reality, 3D impression or drones?
What are a few industries that will flourish in the next 10–20 years?
What if Google decides to shut down? Will Indians be able to live without Google? Shouldn't we need something like Google like how China has one?
What will be the upcoming trends in Car Rental market 2016?
What are the things that Odisha people are unaware of that will happen in the next 10 years?
How will car rental software and apps help in providing better service to your riders?
What are the latest technologies that are over-hyped?
What is the latest technological outbreak?
What will be the upcoming trends in Electrical Enclosure market?
What is one technology or a technology update that was readily embraced by the general public from the get-go?
Can you briefly explain "risk and finance technology"?
What is the emerging new gadgets?
What is the future of innovation? Internet is full of technology, you think of anything, it's online. What next?
How will biotechnology develop and how will it change our lifes in the next decades?
What will be the upcoming trends in Actinic Keratosis market?
Would the Internet help society on all senses from now on, considering technological advances?
I would like to visit Japan next year, probably for 20-30 days. What are the things I need to take care of?
Will weed be legalised across the globe in the next 10-50 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Infusion pumps market?
What are the latest trends in database?
How does virtual reality help us in the future?
How different do you think you would be now if these technologies didn't arise in the last 20 years?
What is the best technology for a project management application?
Which futuristic device can replace the cellphone in the far future?
Are there any scholarships that cover everything from studying expenses to luxuries, such as a car (transportation) and the latest devices/technology?
Which future technology are you most excited about ? Why?
If you were to bring a piece of technology to the moon, what would you bring?
What is the hottest trend or technology in software testing?
How do I switch technology after working for 6years on obsolete technology?
Will we as humans ever be able to change the human genetic code to make Parkinson's, Tourette's Syndrome and other neurological diseases an issue of the past?
How good is the IIIT-D? What are its future prospects?
What are three technological devices that have reduced privacy?
What kind of realistic revolution can improve the general public's well-being considerably in the next 10 years?
What are the sources which can keep me updated about latest Information Technology skills/news?
What do you think about the future of libraries when modern technology puts thousands of books in your hands?
What is the future of our life when we speak of DT (data technology)?
Is the Arab Spring going to end in the next 50 years?
What is the most wanted technology to learn with ASP.NET?
What are the Booming IT technologies that are prevailing in Canada?
What is the best future technology according to you?
In the future, will it be possible to illegally download a pizza?
What do you think of wearable watches?
What do you think will be the developments/changes in the area of biorobotics, in the next decade or two?
What advancements are happening in mathematics now? What advancements will happen in the future?
How would the world be, if in the future, everyone would have an infinite supply of energy and food?
What is the cost we're paying for the technological advancements?
Which is the booming technology in the upcoming years in the IT industry?
What is the future of revenue for consumer internet companies?
Why do we have trends?
What is some everyday technology today that would also be around us two decades later?
What's the next big thing currently in the Silicon Valley?
What do you think is the one thing that advancement in technology can never change?
Is it possible for a display to be indistinguishable from reality?
Which of todays companies will still be running in the year 2100?
What are the top 10 technology breakthrough from the last 5 years?
For what reasons might Windows 10 fail?
What are some promising technology you wish had more funding?
How likely is it that something highly disruptive will happen to the western society in the next 20 years?
Why is it a common belief that a reliance on technology is detrimental to the future of our species?
What was the most important period in BMW's company's history and why?
Looking into WWDC 2016, it seems Gadgets, apps, phones are all shouldering the burden of conveying our emotions. Is that something Good for humanity?
What are the hottest consumer technologies for a new grad to work on in 2017?
What triggered the three technological revolutions?
How do you think cars in the future could float without using magnetism?
What's the next technological step after Apps?
What will be the upcoming trends in Power Tools market?
What is the next big technology which I can learn and then survive in information technology field?
What is core I technology?
What are the current limitations and challenges in scramjet engine technology?
How do you envision the human race 1000 years from now?
Of all the scientific understanding of today, which is most likely to seem stupid in 100 years?
What is the most promising field in biotechnology for the next 10 years?
Does search query on a web search count as prior art?
Will there always be prepaid cell phone companies that will offer unlimited everything?
What is the future of Simfo NDT institute of Technologies?
What technology advancement or growth will there be by 2025? Or just what will it be like in 2025?
What things should I do/read to get updated with the latest technologies?
Do you see EduTech companies replacing classrooms in the future?
Do you think lining up for food, groceries, and other services will be considered old fashioned in the future due to technology? Why or why not?
Are we heading into a dark age when automation takes up everyone's jobs and a few who own the machines rule the world?
What is the next great leap forward in the world of semiconductors?
As far as technological advances go, what things do you expect to see 50 years from now?
Why did Google change its name to alphabet?
What will some startup trends be in 2017?
What are the most accurate articles you've read that talk about predictions on wars in the next years?
How does new technology influence you as a worker or a leaner?
What are some of the most exciting things that technology might bring in the next, say, ten years?
Will we be likely to see female military leaders anywhere within the next decade? If so, who is a likely contender?
What is the coolest technology that you wish existed today and that you think will exist in the future?
How can I make the lake healthy having technology to monitor its health? What are the latest and productive methods?
What, if any, technological innovation would be required to allow humans to perceive a new color?
What will be the upcoming trends in Pharmacovigilance market?
Which devices are considered as a technological miracles?
What are the chances of Canada making it to the top 5 world economies in the next 15-20 years?
Will computers replace physicists in the coming decades?
What should I read for the latest trends in technological development in the automobile and mechanical sectors?
What is the latest information on Alzheimers?
What are some ideas or next generation apps or invention which can make a CS student billionaire within 2.5 years?
What problems do you face often, and do you hope technology will solve the problem someday?
Why do Chinese adopt technology trends faster than Western people?
Which streaming services will be the must-haves in the next few years?
How hard is it for programmers to keep up with new technology?
Will malls still exist in the US in 2025?
Is any doomsday (99%+ end of human life) device possible with today's technology?
What will be the possible future of tech start-ups in India? Is there any hope of it gaining impetus in the present scenario of "Make In India" campaign being so vividly propagated?
If Lord of the Rings was remade in the future, 15-20 years+ from now, would it surpass the greatness of the previous movies, considering the technologies that would be available in the future?
How will work and jobs change over the next 10-20 years?
Why has automation become such a big thing recently?
What is the next food tech trend?
If technology keeps growing, when will smart phones be a thing of the past?
What is your opinion of the gold industry as it stands today compared to what it will look like in 5-10 years?
What is special about SkyActiv technology found in latest Mazda cars?
How feasible is Ray Kurzweil's prediction that computers will pass the Turing Test by 2029?
Besides silicon, what other raw materials were turned into modern world technologies?
What will the car be like in 2050?
What are the latest AI's which are very advanced in their work and are reshaping the future?
How can process automation help organizations grow their digital business?
What changes can we expect in the next decade in the way the world buys and sells energy?
What are the latest technology that can be associated with the development of data structure?
What are some jobs/things/ideologies/practices that will become obsolete in a couple of decades?
With the advent of future technology such as advanced robotics and AI will capitalism eventually die out?
In the near future, do you believe that advanced cloud technology will enable physics to deliver not only data but processing power to us as well?
What new products should Google create?
Is the Internet of things the next trend to change and hopefully improve humanity's wellbeing?
What are the new advertising technologies/platforms emerging in the market?
How will humanity change as major problems get solved?
What is the best wearable technology in 2017?
What are some expectations you have for future technology changes?
What effect will technology have on kids less than 5 years old when they are about 25 or 30?
How did travel websites with booking system modules grow over the last few years?
Will devices disappear altogether?
Can India do space exploration in the next 10 years?
How would personalised genomics revolutionize our love relationship?
Is there an increase on dependence in technology?
What is the future of networking technology?
Do you believe the gig economy is durable?
With current technology, can old kinescopes be sharpened and improved?
How do you defeat superior technology?
How can emerging technology advance human intelligence?
Will cable be replaced by streaming services (Netflix, Hulu, etc.) in the next 10 years?
How can I develop an idea into an actual Android app?
In the future, will Google be a car manufacturer, or will they sell automotive components that help facilitate autonomous driving?
Why there is so little technological progress between times of Old Republic and Star Wars?
Which is the most technologically advanced country?
I know it's early, but what are we seeing as wearable trends for SS17?
What are your thoughts on the new social network called gab.ai? Do you think it will become the next big thing?
Where is the micro-server market heading?
How will the world evolve in the 21st century?
What behaviors or technology of today, have surprised you the most?
Can we develop a technology which could alter climate, in order to make it more suitable for human living?
Is it possible that gunshots will be close to silent as technology develops?
What does Quora do to combat negative effects of authority bias?
Which countries will have the lowest unemployment in the future?
What is technology transfer and why it is important?
What would be today’s technology had we never realized the value of binary numbers and harnessed it to produce digital technology?
What role will humans take as technology improves and takes over human tasks?
What's the longevity of Quora? How long can the platform last (with respect to practicality/monetary level)?
Are there people in technology or bloggers who would interested to try new technology and share the feedback with a community?
Could you recommend some books about interesting medical technologies, like for example 'the epigenetics revolution'?
How far behind is India, in comparison to current global technological/scientific advancements and standard of living?
What is the latest technology developed using a microprocessor?
Have there been any updates on Kaede Uber?
What will the upcoming trends in the mining equipment market be?
What is your wildest imagination about our future technology?
Is information technology the future or how many years will it be in the industry?
What has been the implications of Sub-Saharan Africa taking over Europe in population size?
Is there any vacancy for fresher in technology sector at Adobe?
What are the recent technology in Java?
What will happen to low-wage jobs when 'the machines' take over?
How has the advancement of technology affected recruitment?
Why does big data Hadoop technology and services forecast?
Could genetics uncover the key to immortality within the next 30 years as Ray Kurzweil suggests?
What are some mind blowing inventions that most people don't know about?
What are some of the deadliest tech?
Why haven't uncontacted peoples developed more advanced technology than what they currently have?
What are the latest trends in software engineering? Request
How will education change in the next 10 years?
What are the new technologies in control engineering?
What's the next big thing in data science?
Is there agism in the technology industry?
Has the rate of technological growth affected the rapidity of social or civil progress?
What are business trends and techniques for future innovations?
Is virtual reality dead?
What sub-verticals of FinTech are most likely to get disrupted in the next 5 years?
Solar technology is rapidly advancing, which is the best businesses in India?
How do optical heart rate sensors work?
How technology advancement has helped the media?
Which IT industry technologies do you think will emerge at the top, in 2017?
What, if any, are the downsides to building either subterranean or underwater cities?
What are the new technologies in Information Technology that will lead to extraordinary success in the future?
About what year will computer technology replace conference interpreters?
How will technology change warfare over the next 20 to 30 years?
What technologies could ease the burden of looking after the growing number of old people?
What are the key trends in payments industry for 2017?
Fabrication: Why do we still need people in factories?
What forms of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years?
Can new technologies be used to protect the public?
Can technology ever take over politics, i.e., by overcoming the resistance of political forces seeking to maintain the status quo? 
Which sources should I follow in order to be regularly updated about the latest advancements in automobiles?
What will military combat technology be like in the far, distant future of the universe..?
What's the latest development in robotics?
Will man be replaced by computer in the future?
Does Definitive Technology W Studio sound bar now have W7 and W9 surround capability?
How can I make much money in the next 5-10 years?
Is technology impeding the human species' ability to evolve?
What will all the people whose jobs have been replaced by articificial intelligence do?
Most visions of the future include floating devices/vehicles. How exactly would a floating bike or hospital bed work without fans, rockets, or magnetism?
Could super artificial intelligences create any kind of advanced technology we can imagine in the future?
Is the near-future portrayed in the Ghost in the Shell series plausible?
How can I find a job in information technology after being disabled for 10 years?
What voice technology is Facebook's 'Building 8' working on?
What is the next industry to be taken over by the internet?
What is the future of social networks and how do you think their design will change in the next 10 years?
What is the future of semiconductor manufacturing technology?
How far are humans from being able to fly like birds with high-tech equipment attached to their bodies?
Does haptic technology help the blind better than voice technology?
How much would Project Alamo be worth (if it were on sale)?
What rules and guidelines do employees of medium.com have for using medium.com?
What is the future of friendship?
Which job describes a person who will be able to create new technologies, such as headphones, speakers, sound systems, perhaps even a wider range of technologies such as a TV?
If technological singularity is achieved, what use can human beings be to sentient robots?
Will there come a day in future when 3D printers will be on every desk?
What will the world be like once software has eaten everything?
Why is the pace of development in transportation lesser when compared to the pace of development in communication?
What piece of new technology (not yet invented) are you most looking forward to?
What will be the upcoming trends in the nosocomial infection treatment market?
What could be the alternate method to sell water, instead of one time use plastic water bottles?
How are art start-ups like Cupick, Paintcollar, etc. doing in terms of profit and sales? Isn’t it too hard to sell art on merchandised products?
What techniques do you think marketers will use in the next 5-10 years to attract consumers?
What is the most technologically advanced display?
What might be the world after 10 years from now?
What are the latest developments in packaging technology? What can we expect in the future?
Why hasn't there been a viral cellphone game in 2016-2017?
What is the next big thing in ecommerce?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
In about five years, most of the developing world will be accessing the internet on mobile devices.  Will this lead to more or less armed conflict?
What do you think technology will be like in the future?
How can I stay updated on science?
From a scientific standpoint, would it be possible in the future to one day build a biological human being through bio 3D printing?
Which high tech weapons and clothing from futuristic games do we have now?
What is the relation of Asia to the world ten years from now?
What are the improvements you guys will be doing in the near future?
What are the entrepreneurship opportunities in healthcare during the next 30 years?
I have an invention and don't have the money for the patenting process so I can start a crowdfund. Can I receive a microloan for this type of thing?
What is going to be the new technology trend 5 years from now?
How will US TV industry change over the next 5,10,15 years?
Will KBNNO be the next generation of batteries?
Will we need a driving license in 2040?
What is your view on Bitcoin and blockchain technology and how do you see this technology affecting the future of the United States?
What is a technology strategist?
What are the least "flavor of the month" industries?
What will conversations be like in a hypothetical future where information and memory of first-hand experience can be transferred instantaneously between two people?
What is Quora going to be after 10 years of evolution, till 2025?
Is the future name of india going to be "india.com" or "the dot-com country"?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
Is it possible to make a necklace that will vibrate if another necklace is near? If yes, how?
Why should technology not replace the referee system in sports?
What will be the cheapest mode of communication in the next 5 years?
What are some awesome things that will happen in the next 5 years?
How do we best educate children, with respect to technology, for a future we don't yet know?
Based upon what we know today, what important technology innovation needs development within the next five years?
How would the world change if the rate of technological progress became higher overnight?
What are the tools that will rule the IT industry in the next 20 years?
What current trends do you think will be made fun of in the future (e.g., slang, games, etc.)?
Is post-phenomenology the next big thing in philosophy?
Is interdisciplinary in research the next big thing in humanities?
What trends do you see taking place in the education industry in the next 5-10 years?
Will we have flexible smartphones in the future?
In the future how will we know if we're in a simulation or dream?
What are some new trends in siding for my home?
Which institute teaches interior dealing with the latest technology?
What is the new technology in Android?
How do I stay current with business/technology trends?
What purchase of 100$ or less has positively impacted your life lately?
With a finance background, how can I be part of the innovation when most of the innovation are associated with technology?
Will automation take over accounting within the next few decades?
What is the next big trick in freestyle scooting?
Has the quality of stories improved because of advances in technology?
Which technological advancement would you most like to see occur within the next 100 years?
Do you think Kendrick’s next album will be a classic 20 years from now?
What are the three latest river cruising trends in 2017?
Will machines replace humans?
What is the future of Nigerian economy in the next 5 to 6 years?
What improvements will Microsoft make to Hololens over the next five to ten years?
What is the Cost of Big Data Hadoop Training in Bangalore?
What is the future of IBM Sterling OMS Developers in next 5 Years?
I really think Tesla was on to something with his Tesla towers. Do you think we'll ever have wireless power? Does not having Tesla towers hold our potential back (ex: electric cars, planes, any other motor) or was the power grid really the best way to go?
Will the future of headphones/earbuds look alike?
What is the future of NFC?
How have religions managed to exist & flourish, even with advancements in science & technology, open-minded people and a growing world?
What are the new technologies available for constructing buildings?
What will people in the future think about? Will they like what we like today?
What are the criteria for selecting a travel ticketing medium for online booking software?
Which major technology companies will no longer exist in 50 years?
What's it like working at TFT (Think Future Technologies) Gurgaon?
How do I best possible model future risks for Organization? (on hold)
In 50 years, will we have the technology to live forever?
What will be the next big tech company (like Apple is now) in 20 years?
What's the latest book for PHP which involves the latest features and techniques for an intermediate developer?
What is the future of digital technology? How do you think people will use the internet and digital marketing for their businesses?
Assuming that the world is quickly and inevitably becoming less parochial, are some people greatly bothered by it?
How is the culture in Pune?
What is the likely adoption of wireless car charging in the next 20 years?
What will happen if there will be no internet in future?
Will science and technology fix/cure deafness?
What is a blyebrain technology?
What are some instances of the financial sector benefiting technological progress?
As a video editor, how can I make a decent living? What segments will evolve in the next 5-10 years?
What is next after cloud computing and platforms?
How will society regress in the next 50 years?
How does bluetooth connect two devices?
What about education won't change over the next 20 years?
Is SAN technology really going to vanish?
What are some of the latest achievements in food technology, which can be helpful in preventing food crises in the future?
What are the latest trends in horticulture?
Speculation (financial): What's our endgame for the death of the Sun?
When will technology effectively allow us to block all sound?
Which are the stocks that will multiply 100 times in the next 20 years?
What are the latest trends that telcos should be looking into?
What are the upcoming trends in the cell culture media and reagents market?
What is your reference or source for staying up-to-date on all technological news and updates?
Who do you think could be an alternate leader to Modi in the coming 5-10 years?
Do you think technological advancement has reached a plateau or will technology continue to be advanced at an exponential rate?
Is there any mobile app or software or invention banned because it could be highly misused?
How will nano particle solar absorption change energy generation over the next 5-10 years?
Can you suggest latest technologies for IT presentation?
What is the current state of maskless lithography technology?
When will the computing and monitor technology that Tony Stark uses in Iron Man (the movies) become common?
Which site keeps us updated about the IT sector?
Have you used UWB technology?
If AI could create simulates on how advanced technology works and had infinite computer power could we create anything with technology?
What jobs will be around in the future besides STEM jobs?
What are two alternative views of humanity's future?
What else can be done to help people socialize?
What certifications does a wearable device require before it hits the market?
Do any structures built in the last 50 years have a chance of being here 1000 years from now?
What would you consider the 5 most important developing technologies in medicine today?
From where does the Technical Guruji (Gaurav Choudhary) read the technical news?
What are examples of good products that were poorly marketed?
Does the United States need a viable manufacturing base of some kind to maintain a strong economy over the next 30-50 years?
What will the upcoming trends in the industrial fasteners market be?
Which RAM technology is used nowadays?
Is there a limit to technological development?
What were Isaac Asimov's 1964 predictions about 2014, and how accurate was he?
Where can I buy authentic technology databases?
What does the future of Apple's 'Pro' applications look like?
Why is my switch not giving out DHCP IP?
What does the future of innovation hold in the next 5 to 10 years and beyond?
What are the new smartphones and technologies in the market?
What are the latest advancements in auxiliary transformers?
If you had a history book from 10 years in the future, what would you do with it?
What emerging technologies are of most interest to banks and why?
What are some technological advances?
What is the next big boom in technology?
When might we expect to see a working spacecraft with an EM drive?
Is Sword Art Online- like technology likely in the near future?
Why don't I see myself in a relationship for the next 5 years?
Millions if not billions of years in the future if the human race would able to survive, can we reach a point where everything is known already? Nothing more to be discovered or improved?
Have you wondered what the world will be like in the next 10 years?
Are no-checkout stores like Amazon Go going to become common-place by 2025? Why or why not?
What's a technological advancement that would actually scare you?
Technology has changed drastically in past 30 years, but when I see electric polls I see them almost same like 30 years back. Are we lacking technological improvement in electrical field which is responsible for generation and transmission of power?
What are some examples of cutting edge technology?
What are the biggest contributing factors to worldwide urbanization? (i.e. 60M people moving to cities each year)
Is it there any new technology adopted in the steel construction field?
How did Hard Rock Stadium become obsolete so quickly?
Technology is changing so fast yet we keep people at the top from yesteryear who seem to have no idea?
Can you name 5 events that are likely to bring significant changes within the next 20 years?
What do you see as the next biggest tech trend?
How does one look up patents by company that holds them?
What should I do right now to be rich in the next two years?
Would products like Ear-O-Smart and Smart Jewelry and Accessories be the future of wearable technology?
What will come next: 3, 10, 20, 39, 85?
What will be the upcoming trends in the mechanical mine clearance systems market?
What are drone wars going to be like?
What are some of the mind-blowing facts about Quantum Computing?
What is an ideal laptop configuration for a Java developer who is studying networking, Linux, and security stuff like CEH and OSCP?
What are the issues with IOT sensors?
What types of technology are used at a crime scene?
What would humans do if the population reached its peak and technology took over all human tasks?
Would it be a good idea to replace governments with computers in the future?
Did Robert Heinlein believe that he and his wife might live for centuries, due to advances in technology? Which advances were those?
What are some jobs that will be in high demand in the next 10 years or so in the SAARC region?
Where can I find 10 years of data for metal industry?
What are ways to always stay updated on the latest technology?
What can we expect from Foursquare in the next few years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Calcium Carbide market?
What is the latest media research technology?
What is next big thing in IT services business?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
What is the likely next breakthrough in technology in next decade?
How is the travel industry impacted by chatbots?
What is the future of hair removal?
How can I start learning car electronics?
What types of brick-and-mortar stores will become obsolete in the next 10-20 years?
What major technological advancements do we need to help stop our environmental impact?
What is the latest trend (the most advanced technology) in Coronary Stent design?
Are there jobs that combine trend forecasting, sociology, economics, politics, culture, and science/technology?
What advances in technology will impact our lives the most in the future?
What are the problems for the individual & society if a Cryonics patient is revived & cured 1000 years from now?
What would you say will be the next big trend in the UX Design industry?
What features may appear in Facebook after 50 years?
How will 3D printing revolutionize housing? Could it reduce homelessness?
Will AI become like Skynet in the foreseeable future? How would it happen and how would we react?
With the rapid advancements in modern technology, are we heading towards unconsciously creating Skynet?
When self-driving cars become common place in the near future, will most automakers significantly shift their selling points from performance and handling to cabin comfort/luxury?
Why do people use the dog filter?
What will be the upcoming trends in Kerosene (Jet A-1)?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
Could we go to Mars in the next couple of decades if we put all our economies into it?
What are the latest technologies for energy conservation?
What's next after CS50x?
What are the most promising healthcare technician technologies in USA?
Do you think a 5'10 player who has done well against his varsity team could play significant time as a defensive end on varsity for a few years?
Are there any technological developments that might affect a standard-issue gent's haircut in the future?
Are you more optimistic or more pessimistic about the world's future?
Will tablets (or transformers with keyboards) replace traditional laptops in the near future?
How plausible is the development of a manned mechanical air-craft broomstick in the future? How would it ideally be designed?
What is the most rewarding and the most needed profession or knowledge one needs to have in order to succeed in Silicon Valley today and in the next 10 years?
What is the upcoming trends in Ultrasound Devices industry?
Besides tech, which industries will have a guaranteed future in the next 50-60 years?
Which technologies from the movie "Her" can we expect to see in our lifetime?
What are the three major mistakes made by travel and tourism industries?
What are the dangers of CRISPR technology and how will it be regulated?
What do people like about technology?
Where is Metaforum technologies?
How can I stay up to date on the latest news about robotics?
What is the new technology in closed circuit television?
Where is today's technology leading humans?
What are the new technologies used worldwide to avoid rail accident?
What are the features of the network, and how would it be in the next few years?
What is the future of cloud computing in India?
What will the year 2090 be like? Here are some things to think about. What are some good and bad developments between now and 2090? What issues will be controversial 75 years from? How will technology change?
Why do people believe technology is making the world better when it's also making many things worse?
Is there any scope for pilots in the coming years?
Is domain switching in the tech industry, as per interests and current tech trends, a good practice in the long term?
What's the next major step in the evolution of Quora as a platform?
What's the hottest industry this year?
What is the Second Law of Technology?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
What new battery technologies for use in the near future are being researched?
What are some of the crazy science & technology projects which will commence in near future?
If people applied the same passion to housing, food and energy issues and solutions as they do to technology solutions, would the prices of the latter things go down significantly? If not, why not?
What will the future look like in terms of technology?
What is the next big thing with SpaceX?
What is next after blu-ray technology?
What are some technologies that haven't changed much in the past century?
Is purchasing a iboll compbook exemplaire a good decision?
Is it recent advancements in welding glass?
How likely is SMART on FHIR to be implemented in the majority of US hospitals over the next 5 years?
What are the big trends you see shaping the world today in 2016?
Is there a new technology that can replace silicon-based computing hardware?
How can I know if my idea is patented by someone else?
What is an easy-to-find and cheap, germ-free material? I live in Brazil but I don't know how evolved this technology is here.
Is the future of computing centralized and distributed via the cloud? Or will tech become so small and cheap we each have amazing home systems?
Will technological innovation eliminate most human jobs in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in the lubricants market?
What are the pros and cons of technological advancements?
What are the next big industries that don't yet exist in any meaningful form?
What are some ideas that would make a big impact on the world, but people haven't figured out yet?
What are the new trends in logistics?
How is productivity improved using laptops?
What is the future of imaging science?
How will lithium battery technology evolve?
What will be the upcoming trends in the infant formula market?
Which technology will have more scope in the future in software development?
How will we cope with the unemployment after the wave of automation? How will the world look like?
How do you believe social media and technology will change the way goods, services, and experiences are designed, manufactured, and distributed in the next decade?
What is the best way to continue to benefit from modern social technology while simultaneously maintaining excellent human communication skills?
What will be the prospects of 23andMe in the near future in light of the FDA's authorization for their genetic test and their announced collaborations with Genentech and Pfizer?
Why are IoT engineers becoming a hot trend these days, and will this trend continue for a long period of time?
In the future, is Google likely to spin off its autonomous driving division or keep it as part of Google?
What will be going on in the future?
Which smartphone has the most advanced technology?
Given the impact of technology on the world today, should the US have a more technology-savvy president?
What are the major aspects of mCommerce app for travel business?
Is Apple too late to virtual reality?
How do I remove synced iPhone data in iTunes 11?
What were the 5 most significant scientific inventions for their time since 1917, and what might be the next, of similar importance, within 20 years?
Where can I see a graph of computing power growth for the next 38 years (2050)?
What are some recent advancement in information technology?
Computer Science: What are the advantages and disadvantages of von Neumann architecture vs Harvard architecture?
How and why will technology be our downfall?
Why does a technology become outdated before it is implemented?
What is current trending non-IT technology for MBA graduates?
What should I read to identify new and upcoming companies that could be quite exciting in the future? Financial reports of some sort? (UK)
Apart from Super HD TV's and cameras, what are the other important scientific and real life application of 4K and even higher display resolutions?
What will the upcoming trends be in pipeline monitoring solutions?
Who has the most technology in the world?
What do you guys consider to be the next big thing in the business world?
What is the best blogpost about digital transformation?
Is the advancement in technology really able to lead human to a great world in the future?
What is the latest technology to reach the sustainable city?
A plane is moving in a circular path around the transmitter of the radar. Will there be Doppler shift detected in the radar?
What is electronic imaging technology? What uses can be given to this technology?
Will technology free us or enslave us?
What will smartphones be like in 2050?
Should one buy a house in the United States given the current economic and political climate?
What is the best TV I can buy for £600 which is at least 49 inches and suitable for playing emulated games? Should I be looking for a 4k 10 bit HDR?
What are the technological challenges to replace gorgeous-looking high-paid Hollywood stars in movies?
Will iOS and OS X survive the next 15 years as of June 2015?
I heard many people say "Internet is going to collapse in 2023". What does collapse mean here and why is this collapse about to happen?
What would happen if all technology stopped working?
Will immigration be lowered in Europe within the next 10 years?
What are the latest advancements in biomechanics?
Will we ever see a day where humans embed technology into our brains?
Which European economy will come out on top in the next 10-15 years?
Which company will influence the world the most in the coming 10-15 years?
What Google Shopping trends should we expect in 2017?
Will the internet exist and still be used in the next 10 years?
What are some of the best magazines where I could learn about the latest innovations in music technology?
Why would you prefer Bigbasket over Grofers?
Will devices in the future support Braille displays?
Will the progress of technology render us helplessly reliant on it?
How should an Engineering student manage to stay updated with the latest industry and technology when the academic syllabus is way much outdated?
How will technology and automation change the nature of what our universities need to be teaching now? Does this make tenure a bad thing or a good thing?
What is next for me?
What are the best tools for managing patents ?
How did storage and memory technologies influence our lives and how will they influence our future lives?
What innovations do you see coming to the Fintech industry in the near future?
How would Yahoo! be able to overtake Google's greater prominence in the future?
What do the jewels on high-end watches do? Do they have to be precious stones?
Will giant technology companies control people in the future? Why?
Will technology liberate mankind?
What is the best wearable device as smart alarm/ smart wake up device?
What will be the upcoming trends in Metrology software market?
What is your idea about future technology?
In the near future, say the next 100 years, will we be able to reach Alpha Centauri?
How do you see web/app performance optimizations changing in the next 10 years?
What is the future of reconfigurable computing? What will be the advances in the coming years in the field?
How is Tesla storing, processing, and uploading sensor data on their cars?
Which are new industry trends which can create exponential trends?
Will tech still be a good industry for future billionaires in the next 50 years?
What current technology could impact the future negatively, and what new technology will emerge from that?
What advice do you have for amateurs who want to learn about technology and the future of technology?
How will makers of luxury watches be affected by the iWatch and other smartwatches?
Do you think that in the future humans will eventually either turn-off emotions or have an enabling system? Is this a good idea?
What will be the next big problem humanity will face in the coming century?
What are new technological trends in libraries?
Your opinion: What will be possible with wearable tech as in clothing, wearables, glasses etc.?
Is it preferable to purchase a new phone in December or in January?
What do you make of Murli Manohar Joshi's statement that Ganga can't be cleaned in 50 years?
How will technology help people in future years?
What is the way to get upcoming technology into your company?
What are technological devices?
How has the big data revolution reflected upon countries other than the U.S.?
What social trends will occur in the next 25 years?
How will Robert kirkman be remembered years from now?
Current Analysis: Do you think that we have reached a saturation in terms of technology now? Or will soon reach a saturation?
What is the future of investment banking? Will it be taken over by computers?
Researchers at Stanford University have created a prototype aluminium battery that can be fully recharged in one minute. If we take into account 3D printing and Elon Musk's Tesla success, are we witnessing a new industrial revolution?
What are some of the best blogs that would keep me updated with modern technology and advances in computer science?
What do you know about TARV Technologies?
After the GoPro and the drone, what's the next big thing in video camera?
What are the economic and technological consideration in manufacturing?
Will there be better technology for the blind in the future?
How is Jio going to provide such a heavy discount for the next 4 to 5 years and survive in such a competitive market?
What are the recent trends in the field of DSP to do a project on?
How do I lose pity for someone at least temporary?
Meals: Will the act of eating ever be easier than drinking products like Soylent?
What are the scientific and technological new inventions in the world?
Will robots take or create more jobs?
How seriously should we take Foldable Phones?
What is the future of Sony's new Archival Disc?
What is the future of SharePoint?
Will everyone be able to interact with the Internet of Things in the future?
If we were to reach a stable and sustainable global population, would our current economic systems which are based on constant growth fall apart?
How will the politics in Tamil Nadu look in the next 5, 15 and 20 years?
What are the future technologies for development?
What are the challenges in building a flying car?
Is there a possibility of a transatlantic road bridge in the next 50 years?
What do you expect as a result of the emerging trend of universities providing free access to online courses?
Do you agree, that the new communication technologies are giving us the power to sacrifice conversation for mere connection?
What programming knowledge should I acquire so I can support my daughters' educations over the next 25 years? (Both are under 2 yo right now).
In 20 years, once the military technologies are perfected, how will generals be controlled and kept healthy?
What electronic device do you think future archeologists are most likely to misinterpret, in a million years after they've all stopped working?
What's your prediction about Asia 10-20 years later?
Is the next big trend in architecture going to be the return (or reinvention) of craftsmanship and ornamental aesthetics of pre-modernism?
How would an infinite power generator change the world?
What is the difference between a microprocessor and microcontroller?
In your opinion, will a 3D printer be the futuristic robots means of reproduction?
What will happen to the cinema industry in the next 10 years?
What technologies could be used to reduce the frequency and intensity of hurricanes in the future?
What do you think about the future cars? The technology in the future cars? How far can technology go?
What are the biggest Trends in the future of work and professionals being automated and let go in 2017?
Technology: What is Raspberry Pi?
Is being good at coding a big thing?
What do you think is the next big wave in consumer tech?
How does holographic technology help businesses in the future?
Which technology is better to work with, SQL or AngularJs?
What is the latest development in information technology?
When can we have 3D screen?
What industries have had stagnant growth even with the implementation of new technologies?
What work going on currently will change the world?
Will line support roles be in higher demand in 5 - 10 years from now?
What are the future technology start-ups that could steal the deal from Google/Facebook?
What is the best free product to get IT users and clients for my new webpage https://tekkshare.com?
What is the new technology research in agriculture?
How many years before we develop the technology to communicate telepathically?
What is the biggest tragedy to ever slow the advancement of technology?
Which language should I go for, PHP or Android?
Where is the intersection of the fields of futurism and the social construction of technology?
When will be flying cars become reality in everyday life?
Which one is better to start with: Arduino or AVR?
Is Ukraine a good place to live and invest? What are its growth prospects over the next 10-20 years?
Will typewriters become fashionable again?
What form of global government can you envision emerging in the next 100 years? Is it true that Chinese emergence is a threat to the democratic model?
What are the latest trends in Automotive electronics?
Which technology is currently in demand in IT?
What are the latest embedded technologies?
What new manufacturing technologies can we expect to see in future space systems?
Will technology destroy society, because it's only a matter of time when human labour will no longer be needed?
Would the world be a better place without the internet?
What are the main bottlenecks or impediments to the development of flying cars? Is there any chance they will be developed and commercialized within the next 50-60 years?
Who died and made cauliflower the next big thing?
Why hasn't space travel technology followed the same curve as other technologies?
Just like Industrial and Technological Revolution, what possibly will be the next big revolution which would change the world order?
How do I stay updated?
Is there a wearable device to track arrhythmia?
Will we need pens in the future?
Do you think facial recognition technology will someday surpass humans' abilities to recognize one another?
What technological improvements will the third-generation HoloLens have?
Which 3 countries are most advanced in science and technology right now?
Will my job be relevant in 10 years?
What's the future of technology?
What kind of phones should mentally ill people get?
Are most women going to be beautiful in the future due to technological advancement in plastic surgery?
What is the most "advanced" technology that can be built by one person with only raw natural materials?
What is going to be the most valuable knowledge to have in the next decade?
What should one expect from the future generations considering children smoothly operating gadgets these days?
When is capitalism going to fall?
What is digital technology? Why are all IT services shifting towards digital technology? I thought everything was digital already. What changed?
What technologies of the future are becoming available now?
What would be your advice to a middle schooler in terms of what to expect over the next ten years and how can they best position themselves in school and career wise for the future with rapidly advancing technology and changing educational landscape?
What are the newest developments in encryption technology?
What are the best arguments supporting Technological unemployment?
What music potrays the current trend?
What is the next new technology/innovation that only Apple can get right?
What is the best example of technology that illustrates the 'future is now'?
How did technology change the world?
What are the top 10 technologies coming up in telecommunication sector?
With the ubiquity of big data and the ability for companies and government to track private citizens, how close are we to George Orwell's totalitarian surveillance state as depicted in 1984?
Which tech jobs are safe from automation over the next 30 years?
What can be the next big innovation in cricket according to you?
What is the best way to keep up to date on ad technology?
Technology: Will Air Travel Exist in future?
As a journalist, what's the best skill set to have for the next 5-10 years?
Why are holograms like in the movies not a reality yet and how much longer before they are?
How will programming change technology and the world after 50 years?
What are the features that make car rental software important for your business?
With all the scientific inventions that we are doing these days, is it possible to go into the future by one second?
In what ways does CES 2014 show differing trends to 2013?
What are some improvements of 5G telecoms network over 4G?
What are the areas in which technological development is necessary in India?
How do I start a marketing career in the fitness tech industry?
What is the norm of society in 2017?
Where do I get dental treatment with advanced technology?
Is PowerBuilder good? I have recently joined a company as a fresher and I am going to get training and project on PowerBuilder? Is it a good technology according to future growth?
What is the next big IPO I should be keeping an eye on?
How will the quality and quantity of news consumed on Facebook change over the next couple of years?
What is the future of trust technology?
Is the future of robotics science, technology, engineering and mathematics going to be LEGO-ized, or some other advanced concept?
What will future technology mean for humans?
Is IoT basically a result of human laziness?
Which are the best home theatre systems in India and what are their respective prices?
Why does technology advance so rapidly?
What are the biggest cases of companies that perish as a result of missed trend or failed forecast?
What is the next thing I should learn to do?
What is the biggest trend in the future of work in your opinion?
What are the latest trends and developments in automation industry and how it is going to change in future?
Given the troubles happening at Medium, what is the next big thing in independent web publishing?
What are the latest developments in the field of IT?
In what ways would society change in the next 25 years?
Have we become more civilised than our ancestors or are we just telling ourselves a lie in the shape of technology and science?
Where can I find patents related to biotechnology?
What are the trillion dollars business trends of the next 10 years?
What would a future microprocessor architecture technology be for mobility purpose?
What's the next smartphone you're going to buy and why?
What are the trends in education today?
What are the gaps (limitations) in the current trend design and development of vehicle transmission? I.e material, Methodology, Technology, etc)?
Why is battery technology so far behind?
Will anything replace texting?
Does technology / automation create jobs or destroy them in the long term?
Will we be smarter than modern humans using such advances in technology?
What are some examples of futuristic technologies?
What will be the next game changing product in coming years?
What is the single thing that could happen tomorrow and change everything?
What happened when Google tested advertising on Google Home?
I feel that I've missed out on investing opportunities like 3D printing, Apple, Netflix, which websites should I check to catch future trends early?
Are chat bots really the next big thing?
What about future technology that scares you?
Why do companies fail to migrate their web applications to the latest technology?
Advances in technology are changing the skills needed in the workforce. What skills should kids be learning today to be prepare for the future?
Do technological advances make for a higher quality of life?
Where do you see angel investing going in the next 5-10 years?
Will Siri become mainstream?
What is the realistic likelihood that mankind will be able to catch and store lightning economically in the forseeable future as a non-polluting answer to the world's energy demands?
What will be the future of the internet, 10 years from now?
What are the most exciting developments in science/technology happening right now?
What could be the future of C++ in the next 10 years?
How much would it cost to build a floating city for 100 people? How about 5 and 10 years from now?
What is top trending right now?
How does multi-touch work?
What is the second most technologically advanced racing series after F1?
Can Indians hope to have hyperloop in 10 years from now (23-Feb -2017)?
What are the coolest up and coming things in diabetes care and technology?
What new technologies does 5G network include?
What will happen when we create the first working quantum computer?
Are we better off with all this new technology?
What will the most interesting areas of neuroscience research be over the next 10 years?
Where do you see UP politics, in the next 10 years?
How will the technology we use improve within a decade?
Ten years from now, what do you think people will be shaking their heads about in regards to software, technology, or society in general?
Apart from Silicon valley which other countries do you think will be leaders in technology in the next five years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Weight Management?
Will civil aviation pilots be totally replaced by AI within the next 25 years?
What are the potential uses for drones?
What is the future of screen technologies?
What is the best way to save website articles on my iPad for the purpose of reading later (without an internet connection)?
How can a travel company take advantage of chatbots to overcome competition?
What are the most profitable industries in the next decade?
What are your views on flying cars which are going to be the next innovation in the coming years?
Do we face an Elysium (the 2013 movie) like future?
Will humans ever live online?
Which is the best book regarding the latest technology for power plants?
What are some of the most important and influential technological advances produced in the Civil War?
Which is the latest technology, in Indian IT?
If we had a device that could detect (with perfect accuracy) whether someone was knowingly telling a lie how would it change the world?
What are bouncing switches?
How do companies having old technology stack cope with the companies having almost same idea but latest technology stack?
How do people, policies, and technological advances, shape a nation?
Can AI be checked early so that we will not be eventually annihilated by it?
What is the upcoming technology in 2017?
We only think we are in the present don’t we?
How will ontology meet IoT (Internet of Things)?
Will the current tech boom ended in the same way as the dot com bubble?
How will we feed 3 billion new people within the next 40 years?
What technology is there to help midwives?
How can one travel 30 years in the past with our current technology?
Is it helpful for parents If I develop a 2-hour seminar about harnessing technology for their child's best future?
What would have happened if all the present technology was available at 1900s?
How do I keep myself updated, and increase my general knowledge, about the latest technology?
How can a candidate with 2 years of experience switch to a new technology in IT? What are the top technologies to learn?
What are technological advances of the Visayan Pre-colonial Filipnos in terms of metallurgy, architecture and writing?
Is the desire to dominate essential to our spirit of discovery and innovation?
What are the latest tech trends?
What are the career prospects of a PHP/Java programmer like in the next 10 years?
What industry will robots take over from humans in the future?
With Amazon Go, what is Amazon working on next?
Is it reasonable to assume that many major issues currently confronting humanity will be solved by 2100?
Say in 200 years, will science and technology lower our thinking and learning skills?
What will be the economic impact of repurposing DNA for digital storage, as researchers have recently accomplished (April 2016)?
Can technology help us reduce the number of gun deaths, now or in the future?
Will evolving AI lead to the technological singularity?
What new technology with capacity to revolutionize the world should we expect in the next decade(s)?
Why do people think that bitcoin will plummet because of the similarities between other boom cycles?
When we will have that futuristic dream world with all that cool technology, etc. Will we have another “future” to aim for and set as our next goal?
What future technology of Star Trek do you think will be realized in our lifetimes (aside from the already realized technologies such as tablets etc.)?
Are there any ways to use technology in the judiciary?
What is the name of that woman who releases annual technology and startups trends?
Are we capable of becoming immortal in the future with nanotechnology?
How does a Hendo Hoverboard work?
When some one gets excited about lots of stuff like technology, arts, medicine, social work etc how does one choose their correct path and passion?
What is the upcoming technology development in Database?
How would you make a high tech, protective/tactical suit with available technology?
What would be the most technologically advanced sword made be like?
What currently is the single most advanced piece of human technology?
What are some examples of technological advancements made during the Qing Dynasty?
What is the best and latest technology to learn in IT?
What else would people call emerging technologies?
How can I solve 2014^2014-2013^2013?
Is it realistic to believe that fusion reactors are the future´s source of unlimited energy?
What do you think is going to be the next big thing like the recent Jio disruption?
Can you recommend some good online publications/magazines to keep up to date in technology, IT, software and hardware?
How much will a driverless transit system in the US add to GDP?
What sort of role can technology play on our health?
What are some great books about how to market new technologies?
How can the Oculus Rift be used for healthcare?
What innovations are you most excited to see emerging in urban areas over the next several years?
In what ways can the ‘mega-trends’ of technology, demography and globalisation be regarded as mutually reinforcing?
Do you think Homo sapiens will spread across the cosmos?
What are the new technology driven manufacturing setups is best for future business?
What do you think will be the biggest changes of 2017 in technology?
What will Google be like in the next 25 years?
Does the writing of Civilization: Beyond Earth really reflect how we see future technologies and policies?
How Terahertz technology can change the world?
What is the future of the tech industry?
Why aren't people working on the clothing or the wearable part of "wearable technology"? The focus on technology is fine but clothing needs a boost.
Will the Amazon Echo Look be a successful product?
Why is it that Western societies are the most technologically-advanced?
What does unknown technology mean?
What are the next generation web search technologies?
What could you expect the next innovation of technology Would be?
Which is the best technology in the current IT market?
Where do you see Ripple in 5, 10 and 20 years time?
What were the web design trends of 2016?
What is going to be the next game changer in technology? Something like the smartphone revolution or the PC revolution?
How do I find trends about funds?
Are "Star Trek" style replicators possible?
Will humanity ever get bored with pure sciences?
Which among the new and emerging memory technologies will change the computing industry?
Are we going to see videos through radio(AM/FM) in the near future?
Can I make a feature like Alexa/Siri execute verbal and built in (automated) commands, open applications, give me system updates, learn, and more?
What will be the future trends in back office operations?
How is GSPANN Technologies?
What's with the layoff from all the software giants? We knew this was coming but not this early. So what's next? How do we know the impact is over?
Are the Hendo and Duru hoverboards real?
How does a patent lawyer conduct a patent search differently than a regular person might? How can you make your patent search more efficient?
What's one thing that will exist in ten years that will make us look back and say "Can you believe life was like that in 2013?" or "How did life exist in 2013 without this?"
What technological advancements can drive the poverty throughout every corner of the world?
Are the implications of 3D printing being wildly overstated?
What’s the story about Snap’s new Snapbot vending machines selling Spectacles?
Could a human survive 5Gs for about two days using existing or near future technology?
With the advances in technology, would going back to the moon be easy?
How can AIDS advance in the future?
What are the vital properties of an e-commerce app for the travel industry?
Where are we going with the Internet, computers and cell phones in the next 50 years?
What is the future for mechanical engineering technology?
Can Dubai become the next NYC within 20 years?
Why are aeroplane windows still so small? Has technology not progressed enough in the past decades?
Which kind of commercial robots could we imagine to see emerging in the next 3 years?
What industries will have a promising future in Saudi Arabia for the next 10-15 years?
How is digitization going to change everyone's life in the next 10 years?
What are some cool futuristic projects in progress by popular companies of the world that are worth knowing?
Will we reach a point when the majority of jobs are replaced by machines, or will we keep finding new things for us to do?
What is the best book for a general audience that gives an overview of the history and possible future of the biotechnology field in the way we have repeatedly seen the story of digital technology laid out?
What is the technology used behind epic.com?
What are some emerging trends in IT outsourcing?
In what types of intelligence, will computers surpass humans?
What is the goal of Unacademy, and what is the revenue model they will have in the next 5 years?
What were the best inventions in field of science and technology in last 20 years?
How does the present match-up with how the future used to look?
What are some technologies that are theoretically impossible and will never happen?
How can you certify that your product/app is a breakthrough (the next big thing)?
When we look back at 2010-2015 which tech breakthroughs will we remember?
Will gene doping become rampant in the near future?
How many internet companies will still be around in 2020?
If Ray Kurzweil (Singularity is Near, futurist) and Nassim Taleb (Black Swan, statistician) held a public debate, what would be their most surprising area of agreement and their most heated subject of disagreement?
As a social entrepreneur having just an idea, what is the next big thing to do to attract investors?
What is the next technological advancement in battery storage?
Will there be any day in the future without gadgets and techie stuff?
With the advancements in technology, the demand for ATCs might reduce. Do you agree?
What are the three major mistakes made by travel companies that harness their business growth?
What would be the future for C programmers? Are there enough jobs left in this technology?
Why aren't we hearing of perpetual spaceships, instead of “colonizing Mars”? What are today's technical problems with this solution?
What is smartshader technology?
Will personal computers ever go out of style?
What are the biggest areas of business that stand to be disrupted by mobile?
What will be the next technological boom after Bitcoin which one could capitalize on?
Is there any specific technology being used in Deloitte?
Could the idea of automats have a revival due to increased technology these days?
What is the next trend?
Given today's technology and massive data-gathering capabilities, is the predictive method Isaac Asimov termed "psychohistory" a possibility?
Is Ray Kurzweil's vision of the future and evolution of AI and technology still relevant in 2016?
How will the world be or look like in the next 200 years?
What are the features of OTA travel solutions that makes it different from traditional travel agency?
What motivated you or how would you inspire future generations in startup technology?
What new jobs will be created when the technological singularity is reached?
What will be the dominant battery technology used to create batteries to store power for residences, commercial, and industrial buildings?
"Live in the future and build what is missing" What would YOU think is missing in the future? What would you love to have in the future?
[opinion] What technology will be in our pocket in the next 15-20 years?
What do you mean Travel Technology software?
Are Terminators going to come alive soon to give humans a Salvation?
Why are laptops still expensive in 2017, when equivalent hardware is so much cheaper?
What phone apps do you think are a must have?
What technology do we use today that will look like an 8 track player soon enough?
What will be the upcoming trends in A2P SMS market?
What field of science has the best chance of discovering big breakthroughs in the next 10 years?
What laptop will be the first to run Andromeda OS?
What are the Latest WhatsApp tricks which we probably don't know?
If the IRR is 20% over 10 years, would it be worse or better over five years? How does cost sharing affect the result?
What is the future of doing an M.Tech in mechanical from the Defense Institute of Advanced Technology?
Would would be Internet networks like in 2025?
Is it possible that future cities could look like the image below?
What are the latest technology adoption in employee performance management globally?
What are all the simple steps to become financially stable in the next 5 years?
The EU wants to be big on big things and smaller on smaller things. Is cycling big enough to be dealt with at EU level?
What is a cutting edge reactor technology?
How do you follow emerging technologies and decide which one to stick to?
How do I get career options with big data and Hadoop training in Bangalore?
What is a good story from the past of a person adapting to technological change?
How does the burglar alarm work?
Which technology should I learn to get maximum ROI in next 5 years?
Which tech companies will still be market leaders in 25 years?
What technology was considered "cutting edge" a thousand years ago?
Is it possible to summarize the economic impact on agriculture in the next 5-10 years due to climate changes?
What are the key challenges for financial technology companies active in compliance/regulation/kyc verticals?
Is it safe to assume that a child born today will have their consciousness preserved forever?
What is the next big thing in modern day medical science?
What is the future of silicon based electronics?
Why do we need to keep developing useless technology?
Is there actually a need for troops on the ground in this day and age with drones, economic sanctions, etc.?
How will the American workforce change in the next 10 years, and what can we do to prepare?
I am new to product management, what will be the new trends in 2017?
What jobs will exist in 10 years that don't exist now and how do I prepare to qualify for them?
To what extent is NASA going to involve itself in the coming 20 years? Can someone predict the exact destination?
What news is currently trending?
What are the predictions for AI technology investments and the AI technology market in 2017?
Where do you see Sudan 20 years from now?
Which profession will be adding the most value to society in the foreseeable future?
Why are we using old technologies and becoming modern?
What are the things that will be revolutions to the next generation after 5 to 10 years?
Due to technological advancements, what are some of the issues businesses may face in the year 2030?
What are some new trends in startups?
When are drones going to be able to deliver everyday things like groceries, dry cleaning, and dinner?
Will technology destroy jobs in the near future?
What technological changes are necessary to make travel obsolete?
Do you think that having personal (animatronic or humanoid) robots in every household will be something you will see in your lifetime?
What could be something we are heavily reliant on currently but is likely to become obsolete in the near future (5-10 years time)?
What is the technology in pontoon?
How is working on Splunk Technology, What is future of it from career point of view?
Will technology be able to program a human mind in future?
What is the future of through hole technology?
Which decade produced the greatest achievements in medical and technical advancements?
When will the price of titanium start going down because of technological development lowering its cost of production and use?
What are the trends that one will witness in 2017 in context of technology based education?
What have been the biggest trends in Indonesia, or at least specific in your city, in 2016?
What is this new trend of kids, men, and legends memes?
In the next 10 years, what new industry will be worthy of our investment?
What is the difference in technologies required to build a teleporter and a time machine?
Is it possible that one day in the future we will have superheroes like Batman or Iron Man in real life?
What technologies or scientific breakthroughs that few people know about will have a dramatic impact on the future?
How will the people from 4000 C.E look at 2000 C.E?
How do I find the best travel software company in India?
Why have train conductors yet to be replaced by automated computer systems?
How might high altitude servic platforms (HAP) influence social networking in the future?
What are the blogs or forums to read to keep ourselves updated with the current technology trends in the IT industry?
What are some examples of surveillance disguised as art?
What are some websites similar to Future Timeline?
Would a large tech firm prefer to hire someone who spent 6 years developing new next gen future technology such as below, or would they prefer new graduates?
Is it possible that at one time in the future, technology will be saturated and won't be able to go further?
Will technology make terrorism easier or harder to carry out?
What could be the cost of gold in the next 10 years?
What are the latest technological improvements in slats and flaps?
How do I create a new technology?
What is the future of Apple?
What will computer games look like in 50 years time?
What are examples of prior art for Apple's new mixed tape patent application?
What do you think will be the new trends of 2017?
Why hasn't the audio technology in televisions advanced in tandem with the visual?
If the government is hiding advanced technology will it be made public?
Any predictions for what the world will experience in the next 100 years?
A century from now, what tech companies will dominate?
How far into the future can one accurately predict the state of technology?
What would be most hurtening to think after 10 years from now?
What if I am afraid of the future, technology-wise?
What can be the possible alternative of webs in the near future?
Joe Lonsdale: As we live through a secular trend of automation from AI and robotics, what is the role, if at all, of government to redefine employment/income?
How will business change within the next decade?
How long until mail delivery becomes obsolete?
What currently uninhabited planet would be the best to set up a colony on?
When will nano technology become a part of daily life and what would that world look like?
When will speech become archaic?
If China was stealing and reverse engineering technology from the US, could they then keep pace with future technological advances of the US?
When will there be enough technological advancement to have electric airplanes?
What are the broad implications of wearable technology for the future?
When will corporate AI be overtaken by grass roots decentralization and what would the result be?
cyberSurrealism: Do our man-made, information-based systems and technologies service us in the way we originally thought they would?
Are there experiments that are not feasible today but future technologies can help us to build them and unravel the secret of life on earth?
What are some physically possible technologies that we may acquire in the future?
What will be the upcoming trends in Colposcopes market?
How do you foresee the future in 50 years' time?
What are some secret technologies that the government currently has/had that we don't know/now know about?
What are the most practical home improvements for minimizing home energy consumption?
What's the next four years going to look like?
How much would our technology change if we went back in time and introduced ourselves to the cavemen?
What are the most promising startups in the Bay Area as of early 2017?
What potential new military technology could radically change world history?
How does Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology work?
What are the challenges you see coming up for Canada in the next decade?
Which is the best refrigerator for home (2017) with latest technology and trends?
What is the future of home surveillance?
How can AirBnb best adapt to future waves of technological innovation?
What will tanks look like in 40 years?
What are the most archaic industries today in terms of technology use?
What are emerging industries in the next 20 years?
Will computer science be in demand for the next 5 to 10 years?
What were the most notable tech acquisitions of 2016 and why were they significant?
What matters for future Python or Scala?
Are there any innovative Technologies that enable Direct Part Marking?
What are digital technologies?
What are some world changing biotech innovations in the last 10 years? What kinds of innovations may come out in the next 10 years?
What is your prediction for hottest sector in technology this year?
How is Evon technology?
Are consolidations in Chinese tech industries giving consumers less choice and less pricing power?
Will Snap be the next Facebook or Twitter?
What is your timeline of future innovations?
Will people be worshipping the cloud by 2050? Why?
What are the things that are existing now, which were not even thought of 100 years ago?
What will be the next internet craze after dropshipping?
What are the prospects of nanotechnology in medical science?
Which technology you wanted to see in future?
What are some of the best innovations that are most likely to shape future of mankind?
Is there any theory that people in the future are going to be mostly cyborgs and full of abilities?
What is technology like today?
Suppose we come up with a technology to understand animal languages, say of dog, would you consider that the greatest achievement of mankind to date?
What are the things that has not changed even after this vast technology?
What are some apps or websites that can help me stay digital-literate (up to date with tech/digital/IT)?
Which technology was discovered recently?
What are some examples of three technological revolutions?
Would a real-life Star Trek transporter actually kill and vaporize the person undergoing dematerialization ("energize") and at the destination create an exact copy with all the characteristics of the original person but as a new sentient being?
What undergraduate degree is best to get, assuming continual acceleration of technology, globalism, AI, and connectivity?
What is the future scope of Uniface technology?
What enterprise applications for 3D printing are going to gain popularity in the next 5 years?
What is the next big thing (that already exists but not many know about) that will have an impact as large as the creation of the internet?
What are the current technology trends going on in IT world?
What are the most insightful and contrarian books in predicting the future trend of human civilization and technology?
Does technological advancement have a metric unit?
Does anyone believe that when you die you go to the future?
Is IBM Bluemix the next big thing?
Why is Snapchat so popular and did it bring new technology innovations?
How do AR/VR devices transform everyday life?
Do you think that technological advancement has made the world more volatile?
What are some jobs (right now and not yet invented) that will be important in/change the future (STEM fields)?
What would a nanotechnology world look like?
Is Salesforce part of good future technology?
Who are the top 10 inventors of the 21st century?
What is the latest technology or innovation in V-TWIN engine?
Who will be the leader in the field of Virtual reality in 10 years?
What is it like to use Snapchat’s Spectacles?
What will the upcoming trends in the mobile payment market be in 2022?
What will the leading technology be in the future?
What is VBage Tech?
How high or low can GPRO stock go in the upcoming years?
What is the current trend in polymers?
What's going to change and what's not going to change in the future?
What would be latest and most useful technological invention of 2k16 according to you?
What are going to be the biggest emerging trends in consumer drone technology in 2017?
How can we increase our knowledge about computer technologies?
What is the next big idea or product that will change the world?
What will be the upcoming trends in Listeria Monocytogenes Infections treatment market?
What are the latest technologies used in agriculture in India?
Robotics: What would be the first profession to be dumped by technology?
Considering the threats we face, will humans survive the next 100 years?
What are the leading technologies?
What are some of the devices of future vehicles?
What technology has the best chance of replacing gunpowder weapons in the future?
What major change will happen in Vietnam in the next 10-20 years?
What could be the possible transformations that this world would undergo by 2050?
What effects may urban drone surveillance have on our society in the near future?
Of all the technologies presented in Back to the Future part II, which one(s) would you like to see most in the future?
What will bioengineers be doing in the next 50 years?
Would you rather go to Japan or Korea with a child?
What are the types of network technologies?
Do theorists work on future Technologies?
Which gadget/ technology you think is necessary for majority people in coming 5 years?
Should companies that develop technologies leading to job loss be obligated to invest in alternative employment programs?
What are the things after that you feel sorry or big mistake done by you?
What should I choose as my elective subject as per current technology trends, mobile computing or parallel and distributed computing?
Why is voice functionality on phones becoming more popular in 2016-2017? How can investors make the most of this trend?
Do you think nanotechnology or robotics and automation will make the bigger impact on society?
What will be the future of (robotic) prosthetics, in the next few decades?
What are some practical applications of bendable LCD screens?
Will blindness and deafness be cured in 25 years?
What are some of the leading companies using Cloud Computing Innovation in India?
What technology in the near future, can change the world?
Which new technologies can we expect to see in the next 30 years?
What are the next probable or possible mergers or acquisitions that can happen in next 5 years?
Will there be a significant increase in the number of women in STEM fields in the next 5 years?
What is the future of high technology industry in Indonesia?
After dot-com and mobile apps boom, what is going to be the next big thing?
What will be the upcoming trends in Global Orthopedic Oncology treatment?
What are some questions, that we will still be asking in 50 years?
What are some upcoming technologies in DevOps?
What technology will we have in the future to detect land mines?
What is new in IT?
What will things be like in Year 10?
How far can technology really go?
How can the cost of airline travel be substantially reduced? Do you think it will be in the next ~10 years?
Is technology advancing too fast for humanity to cope?
If we supposedly hit the technological singularity in 2030 and machines then develop at a rate that is beyond our comprehension, what would be people's guess of what will happen/develop (excluding Skynet scenario)?
What are background screening industry trends?
What are the latest technological developments in the means of communication?
What are the trending technologies to learn in 2017?
What kind of jobs besides technology will be in demand in the future?
Is augmented reality as depicted with headsets a technology guaranteed to be made obsolete by future advance?
Will PHP be alive for the next 10 years?
What is the future of Ethernet? Which are the other competing Layer 2 technologies? How are they better?
What are the differences between analog TV and digital TV?
What is it called when one day you used to enjoy doing things and the next day even big things bore you?
Which televisions are better: Sony or Vu?
What are the fastest emerging industries in the future, such as oil and gas industries?
How do you think the emerging technology of drones will advance within the next 100 years?
Will doctors become obsolete as technology takes over?
Is structural biology the next "big thing" in biology?
What are the latest technologies to learn in 2017?
What technology will be used in Flipkart?
Are there any technologies at all, that are as advanced as we see in some of the Hollywood movies?
Is it necessary to include prior arts in the patent application?
Will capitalism come to an end within the next 20 years?
Will Siri become cloud-based for faster and more hive-minded interactive learning?
What are the biggest obstacles to improving Internet latency in the future?
What is the impact of technology on newsflow?
Can workers be retrained as productive high tech workers?
Are there going to be any more major developments in the form factor of TV sets in the next 5-10 years?
What do you think are the most important achievements human kind has made during the last 15 years?
Will they still have braille displays and better braille technology for the blind in the future?
What would happen in the world in the next 5, 50, 500 and 5000 years if all human kind died right now?
What will be the upcoming trends in Enteral Feeding Devices market?
If you were to leave a message for future civilizations that would last millions or billions of years, how would do that?
The Future: What about life in 2020 would shock people in 2015?
Is it possible to send stored energy back to the grid or to a friend?  If so, why aren't we?
If we have free audio calls, video calls and messages from several providers, why do we want to keep paying for phone services?
Which technology has captured the market more till date and will be in the lead in the future, SAP or Android?
How do I benefit from the mobile bookings happening through the m-Commerce apps?
Would it be possible to create a computer-game character with human-level artificial intelligence?
Do you think that the usage of desktop will be obsolete in coming years?
What are the top protocols in demand in 2017 that use Elisa technology?
What future tech would you like to see?
Will immortality happen within my lifetime? Will we be able to upload our consciousness to a digital form?
What is the 2017 Microsoft exam track for a BI developer with the latest technology?
Why is the travel market in India considered as the next big industry by investors and startups?
I have 10 product ideas. How to decide which start-up I need to start?
Will it possible to live on the Moon as we are currently living on Earth in the future considering future advancements in technology?
Is technology adapted to humans, or vice versa?
Do you think the world will be a "better" place in 100 years? Or: long-run optimism or pessimism?
How will hostility towards immigrants change in the US in the next 20 years?
How has society accommodated to new technology?
What effect will robots have in the manufacturing sector and how does one enter the field of industrial robotics?
Is recreational tourism the next big thing in entertainment and leisure business?
What is the next big technology or therapeutic area for generic pharmaceutical industry?
What will warfare in 2040 look like?
Is it hypocritical to work for the advancement of renewable energy usage and use modern technology to help advance that message?
In how many years from now will the entire world get normalized under the Internet?
What are the next steps for developers?
How are art and new technology connected?
What is the growth of the drug delivery technologies market in the upcoming years?
What are new technologies in PCB?
How do I know the trends of everyday?
What is your vision of CRM in 5 or 10 years?
Why has technology not completely replaced the whiteboard yet?
What are recent trends in IT in 2016-2017?
What is the next big thing in data?
In 30 years will medical technology have evolved enough to offer someone in their 80s another 30 years of life?
Is 3D printing as a career bright in the future?
What are some detailed predictions about when human-level artificial intelligence will occur?
How can I make a nice and interesting technological share?
Which websites are using the latest & greatest web technologies?
What is the future of LoRa?
What are the 5 most promising technology trends that will have a big impact in their industry fields?
What are some noteworthy technological innovations that can be attributed to Cooperatives?
What are some awesome tech we didn't know existed?
What is the scope of Hadoop technology in the future? Is it worth it to spend time on this technology?
Does anybody believe that brain signal reading technology is already being applied to the masses?
Will knowledge be so abundant that people in near future not care about it at all?
What were the biggest US tech exits in the last decade?
Can I expect Tessa to be common worldwide in another 10 years?
What things have been replaced by technology that you miss?
Will freedom of movement within the EU be preserved throughout the next decade?
What are the latest digital tools and technologies used in risk management?
Do you think a self delivery food cart is the next big thing?
What are the best careers to work in Toronto, Canada for the next 10 years?
Does android have a future?
Currently, which technologies are more popular in IT field for freshers?
What are the best outdoor gadgets that most people should have?
Can LTE-based tech smartphones from India be sufficient to support 5G or 6G in the future?
What are top Linux distribution picks for 2016?
How plausible are the circumstances/situations portrayed in Black Mirror?
Why is there no new technology in India?
What do you think about the phenomenon that many companies develop just the same things, but separately, like the self driving car technology?
What OS does most people (common users) use on their laptops and computers now-a-days?
What are some top trending tools for IT professionals?
What technology tools do you see as being important in the future of health plans engaging with members or being more efficient?
Will we ever have flying vehicles by the next 50 years and how would it impact our traffic laws?
How would you interpret the society of today, with politics and innovations of technology being incited around?
Who contributes more to technological advancements? Research universities or for-profit companies?
Will we ever be able to 3D print vinyl records without compromising the high quality sound of traditional analog?
What is the future of Samsung?
What are the emerging industries now?
Will continued backlash toward technological progress lead to anti-technology social movements?
With the rapid advances in automotive technology, at which point does the industry take a turn for the worse?
What's next for Dropbox in the next 5-10 years?
Where do you see the United Kingdom in the next five to ten years (politically, socially, technologically)?
What is antisense technology?
My first cell phone, Nokia 3310, in 11 years became extinct and now those kinds of phone look like stone age technology. What will be the concept of cell phones or communication technology after 10 years?
How likely is it that the human race eventually will merge with machines?
How many people are employed in jobs that could be automated by currently existing technology?
Could Slack have taken off if it launched in 2004?
I'm doing some research on technology through the years, is technology a positive or negative influence over the past 60 year?
Will Microsoft survive the next 5 years?
What bionic invention other than an exoskeleton could give me super strength?
How advanced is technology now and what will change in the next 5 years?
Is it more prudent to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret?
What are the most important things to consider for email marketing for a travel agency?
Is the Swiss watch industry being disrupted by technological innovation?
Is it a new creation or trend for applying high-tech and virtual format in translation industry?
What are the biggest trends in psychological research in 2017?
What is something in your daily life that you wish you could do it practically on your smartphone?
What is the future for mechanical engineers in the field of Product Life-cycle Management (PLM)?
What are the applications of nanotechnology?
Why didn’t the Chennai Ennore Harbor officials use the latest technology to evacuate the crude oil spill from sea water?
What's the globle upcoming new technology at present?
What is the likelihood that Google will be overtaken by another search engine in the next 10 years?
Are there currently hidden technologies, technologies that are kept secret? And for what reason?
What do you think about gadgets of doraemon?
With the way society is going, will pedophilia end up becoming legal and accepted in the next few decades?
How much is the growth of travel and tourism being influenced by travel technology in 2017?
What will be the next big revolution after internet?
How did the MIRV technology come into existence? Whose brainchild is this sophisticated technology?
Why is the euro rate falling at an alarming rate? Is it going to recover? What would make it gain its former strength? Would it be possible in the near future?
What are your predictions for computer technology and mankind?
Will personal data machines like smartphones and tablets be replaced by AI in the next decade?
Assuming a worst case scenario for global warming (4.5+ C), what technologies would we need to develop to keep Earth habitable?
What is the most needed advance in sensor technology?
What are the latest technologies one has to know to work with Quora?
Will science be able to cure blindness or allow blind or visually impaired people to see again by medicine or medical devices in the future?
Will there continue to be phone carriers that offer unlimited data?
As a software developer on Ubuntu, do you prefer the LTS release or the latest version?
Why is the word "singularity" used to describe things beyond human technological advancement?
Is the tech world sexist?
What are the recent robotic trends?
What advancements in technology can we expect in 2017?
What will be some trends in 2017?
What kind of advanced technologies would replace paper bills (banknotes)?
What are the new jobs in technology?
What is getting worse with time in spite of technological advancement?
Twentieth century wars spun off civilian technology. What tech came out of 21st century wars?
Could technology advance without language?
Whenever I wake up in early morning I sneeze up to 5-15 times, how could I stop it and being healthy?
What are some entirely new markets we could see appearing in the next 10 years?
What are small stocks that have huge potential over the next 5 years?
Will there be Hadoop MapReduce 10 years from now (not talking about Hadoop other ecosystem tools)?
What are some promising start-ups in 2017?
What is it about the new trends of 2017?
How do I get information regarding the new technology that is being used by the IT field?
What will be the main evolutions in transportation in the next decade?
What has the Internet made obsolete?
What is the future of video game industries in the next 5 years?
What are the most technologically advanced means used for neurosurgery, particularly in thoracic spine posterolateral laminectomy?
Which is the present technology used to develop new project?
How can I make a Bluetooth tracker watch for kids?
If a new social-like site were released in 2014, what would the public expect from it?
Can humans build a Stargate in the near future?
What could be the traffic rules for flying cars?
Technology trends? What do you think about this technology?   http://learnandsharetoall.blogspot.com/2014/01/orcam-technology-for-blind-partially.html?
How does technology fit into Canada's future?
In the next 2-3 years, what developments can we expect in quantum computing?
What are the next wave of tech for SMEs / SMBs?
Is finance a dying field or is there great potential for future growth such as in technology and engineering?
I would like to work in one of these fields: Robotic exoskeletons, internet of things, UAVs, self-driving cars, 3D printing, wearable devices or other disruptive sectors that can change the way people perceive technology. How do I work towards that?
How do ions and memristors work? Are they really the way of the future?
Which are the best 5 Indian shares to buy for the next 10 years?
Are there any pitfalls to a fingerprint scanner payment method (with PIN), as opposed to the classic magnet/chip credit card reader?
Have there been any technological achievements that haven't already appeared in some form in science fiction?
What was the best technology advancement in 2016?
With the advancement of technology and how accessible knowledge is, is it true that this is the “greatest” time to be alive? If so, why?
Does language interpreters have a bright future, let's say in the next 15-20 years?
What will be the upcoming trends in Liquid Biopsy market?
Can we expect to see Google in the sub-15K smartphone business in the near future?
What's a future, potentially disruptive technology or business model that will be anti-competitive and result in a monopoly?
What will come after the technological age?
What are the next big releases in 2017?
Are there any startups in the patent sector?
Are crowdfunded ideas/techs easily plagiarised by big companies?
What direction do you think music is going to go stylistically in the next decade?
Is there any difference between MIT Coursera and Real Learning?
What is the latest vehicle transmission technology available and what are the disadvantages it has?
What are the travel technology trends in 2017?
How do I start a car rental business without owning any car of my own?
What is the latest technology introduce to world by India?
How do trends grow and die?
What is the future of mobile technology and IoT? Which will become more broadly accepted?
What is the technology used by sourcewifi.com?
Is it possible that, in the future, when technology is very advanced, that no one knows the basics of that technology? For example, as we build more and more powerful computers, can we forget how to build a very simple computer without using any software tools?
How likely is the next big economic crash right now?
What are the top trends of Android application development?
What are the revenues and current trends of companies?
How can a programmer see the trends in web technology that are being used the most?
What is the next big thing for computer engineers or what future lies ahead for programmers?
What's the maximum yield possible for a thermonuclear weapon given current technology?
What will happen to Earth and the human race after 2045?
The software boom made MS a giant, internet boom worked the same way for Amazon. What comes next? Space travel? AI? Virtual reality? Alternate energy?
What people need new technology?
Why, although we use the fastest new technology to do things, do we become more busy and nervous than before?
How is the Indian manufacturing industry expected to grow in the next decade?
What started some current internet trends?
What's next after mobile apps?
Would we ever reach a level of technological advancement to prevent death?
How would a future business/enterprise be different? How will emerging technologies like AI impact the way a company will be run in the future?
What has Nicholas Negroponte predicted for upcoming decades?
What are the new trends in technology for 2017?
Will people stop using email in the next 10 years?
What major changes will happen in humans in the next 1,000 years?
Assuming the VR-movement grows exponentially, within the next few years (decades) can we expect VR that connects the user on a neurological level?
Which technologies are used in the development of VigLink?
Will speech become obsolete?
What seems impossible now, that will be possible in the next hundred years?
What are some problems we're facing today with computers and society?
Is the world less predictable than ever?
When does a product technology become old and a new one takes over?
How is tourism going to increase in Europe within the next 5 years?
What are the new trends today that I should integrate into my old website?
What is a good source for Healthcare industry technology trends?
How do I deal with programming technology books that keep changing so fast?
What is the most impressive technology that is likely to be developed in the next 15 years of which most people have no awareness?
What impact would an AI have on our society?
Which technology company do you think is working on changing the world now?
What is the Future of Bajaj Hindustan share in next 1 year?
What will be the next big development after Rostock delta style 3D Printers?
What will the upcoming trends be in the clinical nutrition industry?
What are some latest technical advancements in electronics?
What equipment would I need if I wanted to manufacture hardware products in my garage?
Is bar exchange concept really helpful in increasing sales and how?
What new technologies are used in tourism?
Where could I post an ad online to hire someone to create new advanced technologies?
What are the latest trends or courses in IT to learn and get employed successfully?
Which are the most promising fields in life sciences for the coming decades?
In the future, what could we replace Picatinny rails with?
What will the future successors to Grindr look like in 5 years from now?
What has been your favorite technology of the past 5 years?
What are some recent advances in orthopedics?
How can a technology company help and contribute to the local technology community?
What technology(s) might replace electrolytic capacitors in the near future?
What is the most advanced technology common people don't know?
What is the next big thing in innovation?
You have unlimited resources and expertise to create or improve a a scientific technology, What is the technology and how would it benefit humanity?
What is next trend for Wipro technologies?
What are the next challenges to tackle in control engineering for the next 20 years?
What is current trend in mobile development?
What is paddy rice's processing technology in the recent years?
What is the latest trending poll prediction of US 2016?
Which industries will experience the biggest change in the next 10 years?
What are the best gadget to buy under 50€?
What sub-area of Data Science and Machine Learning do you anticipate to explode over the next 5 - 10 years?
How would you evaluate technology in terms of impact on people/mankind?
What do you think is going to be the next biggest thing that people are going to get interested in, whether a computer app or otherwise?
What will be the Trending technology in 2019?
What are the best technology tools and gadgets?
When was the first Voice Commerce transaction?
What are the top laptops with advanced technology?
What are latest technology that a boutique hotels should have in future in India?
Which technology would you like to be existing today, so you will buy it at any cost?
What is the best way keep up with latest trends in Event Management?
Where do I read about latest trends in autonomous driving?
As we are getting closer to 2017, which are the most hottest computer related technologies heading our way?
What are some good news resources for keeping up with the developments in the Indian information technology industry?
What is the new IT industry trend?
What are some disruptive technologies that will completely change our lives and businesses around us, like internet did?
What are the latest emerging technology in manufacturing industry?
If me and my friend get Mi band 2 and we both add ourselves as friends, are we able to know each other’s location?
Is the NWO likely in the near future (next few years)?
What big thing would you do to genuinely change the world for the better?
Is IoT the next big thing?
What is technologically advanced society?
What are the Latest Trends in Information Technology?
What are the current technology trends in cabs?
If the advertising industry is so "creative" why does it seem to hold on to outdated values and business models?
What can be the next big thing after ML and AI?
What are trending technologies related to computer network for seminar?
Is imitation the best way to learn certain style/technology of design?
What will be the future trends in electronics industry?
What do you think of 4K Blu-ray movies and TVs?
What is Fearless Little (fearlesslittle.com)?
What kind impact do you see technology having in education in third world countries?
How is AI built?
What will be the most marketable major for the next 10 years?
What are some of the top digital trends for Indian businesses?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of touchless touchscreen?
What are the latest trends in the higher education conference services industry?
What's the latest car HMI technology?
What are the latest IT technology?
What technology is coming out in the year 2017 that you're excited for?
What is the latest technology for recording sound for movies?
With current trends continuing how long will it be before there are no spots for students?
How do I learn vocabulary with technology?
How did the Old World evolve into a network of technological innovation and advancement that surpassed the Americas?
What supplies do you need to build your own telescope?
Why did you buy your first wearable , what was your motivation?
How far should we keep up with trends?
Can a revolutionary start-up be completely undiscovered?
What are the latest emerging technology in manufacturing trends?
What do you feel about the slack's message to Microsoft?
What are the cutting edge Internet technologies primed to create multimillionaires?
What are the latest trends in American male body grooming?
Is there any NEW aged membership platforms for organizations / non-profits?
Is there a way to invest in private companies without working for a venture capital firm?
Where can I get the technology news that the leading retailers are planning to integrate?
What is the application of Voltage source converters?
What are the biggest trends in IT in 2016?
Why hasn't the U.S. been able to stop hackers with the most advanced technology it has?
Is there a website to keep up with latest trends in application development?
After so much technological advancements, Why terrorism is still a big problem in world?
Should I accept an internship with Procter & Gamble in IT, or GE DTLP?
What could be the next breakthrough technology in education/learning?
What will be the technologies Facebook use in future?
What can be the next revolutionary product after iPhone?
Will your business die in the future? Can you adapt to the technological changes?
What do you think is going to be the next biggest thing that people are going to get interested in, whether a computer app or otherwise?
Which industries will experience the biggest change in the next 10 years?
Why are corporate emails in blue text?
Which has the best future sector of electronics for the next 10 years?
What will be the Trending technology in 2019?
Which are some of the predictions made by experts in the financial and technological space?
What are latest technology that a boutique hotels should have in future in India?
Which were some of the business and technology predictions made up ‘til 2030?
Which organizations do you believe to be at the forefront of developing the most advanced technologies in the world?
Is Google+ useful for business and technology related group meetings?
What can be the next big thing after ML and AI?
Will / Can Quora replace teachers in near or far future?
Which are some of the most technologically advanced companies and government to work for?
What will be the most marketable major for the next 10 years?
Why haven't we made an organic machine yet, like our organs e.g. liver?
What is the next technology leap?
Will Overwatch be the next big eSport?
What new technologies will most benefit parents over the next ten years?
What is going to be the next Quora?
What is GM’s new Voice First Watson OnStar Go and why is it important?
Is the Bible outdated because it fails to take one thing into consideration- Technology?
Why hasn't the U.S. been able to stop hackers with the most advanced technology it has?
What technologies will be possible to invent in 10 years?
What is going to be the next biggest scientific invention or discovery in astronomical field within the next decade?
Should I accept an internship with Procter & Gamble in IT, or GE DTLP?
What is your take on future of recruitment in a technology dominated world?
Can you predict the next digital fad?
Will we have the internet in the future?
Can you share a timeline or infographic of future trends in the IT space or other industries?
How would you evaluate technology in terms of impact on people/mankind?
What are some important ways technology has improved in the 21st century?
How has technology affected professions?
Is it possible for Farmers to sell their crops online directly?
What is Mutterfly's technology stack?
Do you think eCommerce would end the retail stores 10 years from now (2016)?
What could be the future of cardiology in the next 10 years?
Why do I keep seeing the word "Millennials" suddenly on the Web a lot?
Which will (or should) be the next big steps in education?
What is going to be the next big thing in the Mobile industry?
Which profession have been changed with advancement in technologies?
What becomes the next big topic on Quora after the US election?
Which field will be more relevant in the next 5 years, AI or cryptography?
What do you think of Vue glasses?
How is the storage of electricity a game changer in the power sector?
Which are some of the upcoming technologies till 2030?
What are the cutting edge Internet technologies primed to create multimillionaires?
What are the latest technologies of Apple laptop ?
What are the next trends in creating content?
What is not currently a job, but will be considered one in the future?
What are the new innovations in lighting technology?
What technology will be in high demand for remote working in 3-4 years?
What’s the most powerful battery (now and in development) with the highest energy density?
Which engineering progessions were replaced by technology?
In the future, what could we replace Picatinny rails with?
Why is Switzerland so competitive yet lesser known around the world?
What will the future successors to Grindr look like in 5 years from now?
What are some of the latest construction technology trends?
What are some iconic examples of technology products that defined and a new category?
How will increasing automation impact labor and performance in the Chinese supply chain over the next 3-5 years?
Is Twitter going to survive the next decade?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest developments in engineering around the world?
Why does my stomach bloat all the time?
What is the new Voice AI banking system called Erica by Bank Of America and why is it important?
How can I forecast all the outcomes will I have for the next 20 years?
Where do you see the future of technology going?
What are the latest trends in American male body grooming?
How do I keep myself always updated with latest technology and tech topics?
What are the biggest and best opportunities in frontier tech?
Who can I interview for a business technology magazine about upcoming training technologies?
Is there any hope for eye floaters surgery or alternate solution in future (10-15 years from now) without risks?
Which are the most promising fields in life sciences for the coming decades?
You have unlimited resources and expertise to create or improve a a scientific technology, What is the technology and how would it benefit humanity?
What are the best technology tools and gadgets?
What is next for Warby Parker in the coming 5-10 years?
Where can I get daily updates about technology?
What is the latest drone technology?
What is the Xiaomi ceramic phone and why is it important?
Where do I read about latest trends in autonomous driving?
What is your forecast for technology advances in 2017?
Where is the room for this planet to improve. What is the next big impact?
What are the Recent trending software technologies to learn to enter an IT sector?
What are the latest control system trends?
What is one digital technology that I can learn and take to market with a small team of 5-10 within a year?
What is the trend in the electronics industry for Shenzhen?
What might be the state of advances in astro-, exo-, and xenobiology in the year 2154 in comparison to the movie Avatar?
What are some of the top digital trends for Indian businesses?
What opportunities can we expect in healthcare informatics in the next 5 to 10 years?
How is AI built?
What's the latest car HMI technology?
What will the next gen commercial aviation technology be, and who is leading its field?
Where do IT professionals learn about new products?
How do you see spiritualism in the present context of technological advancement?
If there is a Facebook for healthcare 10 years from now, what would it look like?
What are the most promising advances by researchers of education? Technology? Pedagogy?
Will the major popular TV series ever get dubbed into their native languages?
Are there currently advancements in brain 'altering' technologies?
How would technology help the world?
Which technology should I choose in IT industry to get a higher pay scale?
What is the huge display they use to project information in launch events?
What are your latest thoughts?
Which is one technology/trend/concept that you will never follow or have not understood?
Which are some of the predictions made by experts in the financial and technological space?
Which were some of the business and technology predictions made up ‘til 2030?
To which technology or non-meat products should flake ice be used?
What aspects of the technology industry should we be most excited about?
What are some innovative new technology company names?
Will / Can Quora replace teachers in near or far future?
What is the next big thing in social media?
What could be the next revolution in the mobile market?
Which are some of the most technologically advanced companies and government to work for?
What are the most popular and credible tech websites?
Apart from nuclear technology/warfare, what are the biggest man-made causes that can threaten mankind's existence in the next 500 years?
Which is best gadget?
How could technology revolutionize football(American)?
What are some of the ways technology could evolve in the next ten years?
What are the best technologies to learn in 2017?
Do any of the bigger, respectable camera companies make wearable spycams?
What are the newest ways to create power? I ask because I hear that job outlook for the power industry looks good for the next 20 years.
What are the recent trends in management?
How much do you think Brexit will affect UK's ranking in Prosperity Index in the next 5, 10 years?
When nano generators become a more viable technology, where do you see the first and most widespread applications?
What are the technologies involved in de-extintion?
What is your take on future of recruitment in a technology dominated world?
Where do you see yourself in next 5 years as a software professional?
Can you share a timeline or infographic of future trends in the IT space or other industries?
How will the transportation industry change in the next 10 years?
Is it possible for Farmers to sell their crops online directly?
Why does it seem every new technology requires impossible to find rare elements/particles? Why not use abundant elements?
Who invented mobile jammers?
How does new technology create new customer demands?
Why doesn't Disney support 4K Blu-ray?
Why do I keep seeing the word "Millennials" suddenly on the Web a lot?
I am planning on making a hybrid two wheeler as my final year project of mechanical engineering. What are the difficulties that I will likely face?
What cutting edge technologies can be applied to Export industries?
Is it fair to compare the advancement in technologies in the previous 10 years to what we can expect in the next 10?
What will technology be like in 10 years time?
What is the future of Django for 2017 and later?
What becomes the next big topic on Quora after the US election?
What are some of the latest improvements or innovations in battery technology which have commercial potential?
Which field will be more relevant in the next 5 years, AI or cryptography?
Which are some of the upcoming technologies till 2030?
What are the technology and scientific advancements / progress you expected to happen by 2016 that did not happen?
What will be the next trend which will change the world?
What are the challenges for German economy that Germany needs to address in the next 5, 10, 15 years?
What are the latest technologies of Apple laptop ?
What are the next trends in creating content?
What are the new innovations in lighting technology?
Which website do you recommend learning about latest automotive technology?
What are some examples of Sumer technological innovations?
What’s the next big step in AI?
Why are all great technologies being made by men?
Will the solar energy utilisation technology be the most successful trend in the future?
How can we cope up with rising automation and advanced technology, as it threatens job security?
Why is Switzerland so competitive yet lesser known around the world?
Why haven't Facebook, eBay, Twitter, and Google been successful in China?
What are some of the ways technology has evolved in the last ten years?
What are some things we will be able to do with V.R. here in the next 10 years or so?
Are actors going to stay in the distant future or will they be replaced by technology in the movies?
I want to know what is the best way to keep yourself updated with current technology?
How do I tweak Micromax AQ5001 to make it a 4G VoLTE ready?
Which technology/innovation/trend is interesting and has the potential to influence the current reality?
What technology trends will be interesting to look out for in 2017?
I want to introduce a new club at my college related to technology. Which should I introduce?
Do you think technology will ever lead us to an utopian future? If so, what challenges will we need to overcome to get there?
Which technology is in the demand to work with?
What are the newest trends in manufacturing?
What is the one thing or technology or trend (chapter) mentioned in "The Inevitable" that would have the most impact in next 10 years?
What are the important robotic innovations in the past few years?
What technology advancements have changed your behaviors?
Where can I find news on the latest ITAM and ITSM technologies?
What is the latest emerging technologies and the development of healthcare information systems?
What are latest trends to look out for Sensor driven Application Development?
What are the most advance technologys used for in car?
Where do you see the future of technology going?
When can we expect the next NID admission?
What are the important topics to consider about digital smell technology?
What implications follow from better understanding how technological change and advance occur?
"Forget schools - the rules of the new era. Cards are getting dealt, you need aces for survival", would you buy a book like this?
What is ChatScript?
What are the trends in computer field?
What new technology jobs shall be created in the next 20 years which doesn't exist today?
Where is the room for this planet to improve. What is the next big impact?
Is progress ABL a dying technology?
What are the latest control system trends?
Is Quora going to be the next Google?
What are some good books you can recommend to get a great overview of the 'flow' of current trends and emerging technology ideas for a startup?
In what ways is technology develop?
What are the trends in mobile technology of 2016?
What are the trends to business consulting for the future?
If there is a Facebook for healthcare 10 years from now, what would it look like?
Which country has the most advanced forecast technology?
How has radio technology improved in the last 7 years?
What are the most promising advances by researchers of education? Technology? Pedagogy?
What are the latest trends in Digital Makrting?
Which are the top 5 companies that went tremendously down (or died) over the past years because of lack of innovation?
What are the drawbacks of advanced technology?
What technology should I learn for the best income in an IT industry?
Which technology should I choose in IT industry to get a higher pay scale?
What is the antonym for "latest"?
What "tipping point" is about to happen in any technology?
What is the huge display they use to project information in launch events?
What are your latest thoughts?
Which is one technology/trend/concept that you will never follow or have not understood?
What are some examples of each type of modern technology?
How long will it be before everything is in Terrabytes rather than Gigabytes?
What is the next big thing after the smart phones?
What do you think the gaming industry could look like in the next 10 - 20 years (whether you have an optimistic or pessimistic view on things)?
What's the most human-rights-fair-labor-friendly smartphone I can get in the USA?
What is the next big thing in social media?
What are the newest information technology innovations?
What could be the next revolution in the mobile market?
What are some new methods of power production to be used in the next 50 years?
What is latest reheating furnace technology?
Where could special effects go in the next 10 years?
What are the most popular and credible tech websites?
I believe that the Internet of Things is going to be a boom industry for the next 10-15 years at least. How/where do I start a career in this field?
What is booming technology in IT industry now?
Could mytrustedwill.com be the next big thing?
What are some major untested experiments in physics that might be achievable in the next hundred years?
What will be the latest email marketing trends in 2017?
What are the newest ways to create power? I ask because I hear that job outlook for the power industry looks good for the next 20 years.
What is the recent trend in paintings?
What personally is your interest in technology?
How do people feel about self-driving cars, now that we have had the first fatality, due to the limits in its autopilot abilities?
Will Facebook decline within the next 5 years, if so, why?
What is the latest technology that helps the military?
Which are the best examples of wearable tech and AR in festivals?
What are the latest trends to make money onlinefor 2016?
Where do you see yourself in next 5 years as a software professional?
How do people in the tech community decide what news to read?
What future innovations will osolesce search as we know it today?
How does the law keep up with new technologies?
What are the pros and cons of technological advances in medicine?
Why doesn't Disney support 4K Blu-ray?
Is "Aditya Nayyar" the next big name on Quora?
What are some of the newest technologies for Python?
How do I get good at using technology?
What changes have you observed in last 10 years in terms of science and technology?
What is the biggest opportunity for Indonesia in the next 5 years?
Why are cubicle air purifiers a thing now?
Is it illegal for American corporations to create advance technologies for competing countries?
Why are Japanese so good at improving their technological features?
How efficient is the new Egg shaped human powered bike when compared to cycle?
What will technology be like in 10 years time?
What is the next color of earth after 10 decades?
What would be some cool start up ideas utilizing AI in the the next 10-15 years?
Is Apple’s move to use new materials like Ceramics on new iPhones motivated partly by Google’s use of Aluminum?
Why do Arabian Gulf countries lack in R&D, scientific advancements?
What are some ways of removing a folder from my iTunes library?
What is operational excellence?
What is the best tattoo trend?
Can you put a glance on M&A and partnership activities from the past 5-10 years of some of the companies you know?
Why haven't Facebook, eBay, Twitter, and Google been successful in China?
What is going to happen to Blackberry now? Also, anyone else a huge BB fan?
What are some things we will be able to do with V.R. here in the next 10 years or so?
Are there technologies that you use currently but could see yourself stop using?
What technologies are being used by tolexo.com?
What are ways to change technology background in IT?
What cultural changes have you noticed in your country in last 5-10 years?
What does being revolutionary mean to you?
Do you agree with the claim that desktop is dying?
Is technology good for the future?
What are the latest technology trends that will shape 2017 like IoT, virtual reality, data analytics, cloud, etc.?
Will Swift be the next big thing in backend development?
Is processing-in-Memory (PiM) the next big thing in Computer Architecture?
What methods commonly used today will most likely be obsolete in the next few years?
Which are the most technologically advanced high schools in Delhi?
Is technology enhancing nature in any fashion?
What are the most advance technologys used for in car?
What are some latest noteworthy technological developments/ inventions?
What are the latest emerging technologies in IT now a days?
What implications follow from better understanding how technological change and advance occur?
"Forget schools - the rules of the new era. Cards are getting dealt, you need aces for survival", would you buy a book like this?
What are some ways technology has changed transprtation?
What is ChatScript?
Why do engineers need to keep up with technology?
What new technology jobs shall be created in the next 20 years which doesn't exist today?
Is Augmented reality (A.R.) really going to be the next big thing in technology?
What are some of the ways HR technology has evolved in the last ten years?
What are the chances of nanotechnology being used as a weapon?
What is haptic technology?
How will employment change with the coming wave of automation (or is there a reason that automation won't happen as robotics becomes cheaper/better)?
Where can I find latest happenings in software?
What technological advancements in solar technology have SolarCity/Tesla brought to the table?
What are the pros and cons of technological advances in educational systems?
How could Snapchat defend its Spectacles product against commodification?
In what ways is technology develop?
Is this slow growth economy just a super cycle adjustment from old technologies to new technologies?
Which country has the most advanced forecast technology?
What technological developments will have the greatest impact on our future?
Why couldn't we see "Powered by Google" on every self-driving car in the world, like how every computer is "powered by Intel?"
What are some amazing recent technological advancements (preferably CS)?
What are some new emerging branches of science?
What are some great cause and effect topics about technology?
How do you stay on top of marketing technology?
What was the first car to be considered technologically advanced?
What technology should I learn for the best income in an IT industry?
What is the antonym for "latest"?
Which are some of the ways to collect data on financial and technological trends?
What will Amazon look like in 20 years?
How are wearables used in the NBA to decrease injuries?
What are some latest Trends and Directions in Data Center Interconnect?
Could there be an element of sabotage in safety failure of Samsung Galaxy Note 7?
Which are some of the new terminologies people should be aware of in the business and technology space?
With so many automation how will the world look like in year 2050?
How can wearable technology improve cancer treatment?
Which is the best app to keep yourself abreast with Computer Networks technology?
Which companies are finished due to technology advancement?
What is the latest technology in cinema?
What are the top technology achievments of 2016?
Which are the top 5 tech trends that will disrupt businesses now or in the future?
What personally is your interest in technology?
Is block chain the next big thing in fintech or aidtech?
Will Facebook decline within the next 5 years, if so, why?
What industries should entrepreneurs be looking at in the next decade?
Which is the best mobile in new trends?
With the arrival of virtual and augmented reality, what everyday life activities on the Internet will change the most?
What are some of the best white papers or articles about a scientific or technological "ecosystem"?
How were the bank secured before the technology was not so advanced?
What computer would you recommend for someone to get at this time?
How safe is iolo Technologies, and what are its disadvantages?
What is the best news sources/aggregators for the software industry?
What are the latest trend in SMO?
What are new technological improvements in the commissioning process of industrial plants?
What prevented Quora from turning into Yahoo! Answers?
What are some smart financial and business decisions to make for 2017?
What technological or theoretical developments were responsible for increasing the rate of progress in artificial intelligence over the last 15 years?
Where can I see the Tirunelveli in the next 10 years?
Can Myntra be trusted for shopping clothes?
Why are cubicle air purifiers a thing now?
What is the next color of earth after 10 decades?
What technology will be the next revolutionary thing since smartphones?
Are technical founders/co-founders often full stack developers?
What’s the latest plastic surgery?
Why do futurists almost always assume that technological advancement will continue to grow at an exponential rate?
What are some new technologies that will play a big role in the NBA in the near future?
How do GDS systems work?
Is Apple’s move to use new materials like Ceramics on new iPhones motivated partly by Google’s use of Aluminum?
What is trending in property services?
What are some ways of removing a folder from my iTunes library?
What will replace YouTube in the future?
What do you believe is going to be the next big tech innovation in the world?
Which software was used in "M.S Dhoni" movie to make M.S.D look like S.S.R in matches?
What is operational excellence?
What are the latest networking research trends in 2016?
What is going to happen to Blackberry now? Also, anyone else a huge BB fan?
How would you innovate the waiting lines in theme parks to be more interactive and fun with future technology?
What are the latest technology news for India this month?
What will be the big changes in the next 10 years in terms of Occupational health, safety and wellbeing in the workplace?
Who is Tara Reed and how she make an app without knowing code.?
What are current happenings and trends in your country?
What does being revolutionary mean to you?
Where do you see physics in next 1000 years?
Will there ever be a medical way to safely help overweight people lose weight using future technologies/scientific advancement?
How do I keep technology things up to date and learn?
Where do you see Facebook in the next 5 years?
Will Swift be the next big thing in backend development?
How do I stay updated on latest service trends in Information technology industry?
Which emerging technologies have the potential to transform markets and create new leading companies?
What services are unavailable in developing countries that could be provided by a software entrepreneur?
Is processing-in-Memory (PiM) the next big thing in Computer Architecture?
How can I stop collecting tons of meta-knowledge about computer science and emerging technologies and actually start DOING these things?
What are some great ideas for positively encouraging the adoption of new technology in the workplace?
If I want to be a millionaire after 5 years from now what should I do now?
Which companies are working on the next generation of batteries?
What do you think can be the future of the legal system?
How do I improve my YouTube channel?
Who is interestred in the newest technology, in the Telemedicine field?
Is it fine to leave a company after a year?
What is trending in the online and offline security space?
What is it like to work with advanced technologies?
What is the implementation process of wearable computers or devices?
What are the latest emerging technologies in IT now a days?
What are some ways technology has changed transprtation?
What can you share about the impact of technology on various industries in the future?
What do you think will be different in the field of IT in 5 years?
Why do engineers need to keep up with technology?
What is going to be the next trend in mobile services?
What are the chances of nanotechnology being used as a weapon?
How frequent does web technology change?
What are modern trends in writing?
Does Google Analytics work on my ThunderQuote trust profile?
What is the latest technology for translators?
What are some underappreciated advances in automobile technology?
Are there any recommendation on scientific magazines that keep me updated about the amazing findings on science & technology?
What technological advancements in solar technology have SolarCity/Tesla brought to the table?
How could Snapchat defend its Spectacles product against commodification?
Has technological advancement made some companies unable to stand in business with the world?
What are the plces where technology is emerging?
How do one keep themselves abreast with the latest happening in the online world?
What is a cooler name for "IT management"?
What trends will shape talent in 2018?
What is a better option advanced technology or appropriate technology?
How do you stay on top of marketing technology?
What are the emerging trends in Information Technology industry?
What are the latest eyeglasses trend?
What are the current trends and development in statistics?
How has online advertising evolved over the years?
What is the Popular IT Technology emerging in IT market?
What technology was used in the automatic water planting system project?
What are the digital trends for British youth in 2015?
What are Snap, Inc. Spectacles and why are they important?
What are the latest technologies we can use to secure our borders with Pak?
How do I get updated with new technology use in automobile companies?
What are the top English language podcasts about market conditions and technology trends in China?
What are some of the coolest technological breakthroughs of the past few years?
Have advancements in sound technology had any effect on Foley Art?
Should I invest in new technology?
What is the difference between Dell Inspiron 3148 and 3158?
How do you see the world changing the next 20 years?
What are the technological improvement that you expect in the near future in your field of expertise?
Is the future of finance new technology or people?
What would you like stay updated about in your neighbourhood?
Which language is likely to survive in the next thousand years to come?
What technological advances have been made to prevent art theft?
What do you think the next technological age will be?
What are technologies used at Mindtree?
What are the latest technologies in IT infrastructure?
What is the best innovations in paper engineering?
What are the key considerations to assess when looking to write a whitepaper on industry trends?
Will Google Allo offer shopping features inside app?
What will the BRIC countries look like in 10 years at current trends?
What part of the Biotechnology field is going to become very profitable in the next decade?
What is the latest technology used in Benz cars?
What can we develop with the new technology?
What technologies can I use to extend ellucican advance?
What are the types of technology used today and how were they developed?
What are Stratosolar's plans in the next 5 years?
Is there any future for PHP? Should I consider moving to another technology? What is next big thing in IT industry?
How do you expect your city to change in the upcoming years?
What's the next big change in the music industry?
What are some of your favorite ways to unplug?
What are the newest skills which a manager or engineer will need in the next 5-10 years to be relevant in the industry?
What is the recent innovation in clutch technology?
Are there any plans to create self folding bed sheets?
Why there is trend of over time in IT industry?
What are some of the latest technology in mechanical engineering?
Which recent social trends seems to be finally dying down?
What are different kinds of technology and how are they used?
What is the most rewarding technology in the coming 5 years to gain expertise in?
Suppose I've developed an app which is the "next big thing" (along the lines of Uber or WhatsApp). How do I go about getting a critical mass of users?
What advancements in technology and science may improve our quality of life over the next 10 years?
Does Snap’s new Spectacles represent a form of augmented reality?
In your opinion, What do you predict the economical future for Libya in the next few years?
Which are the top 3 sectors you are focused on?
Where can I find weekly or monthly updates or news regarding Science and Technology?
What new technology has helped you recently?
Which are the technologies that can be explored in future?
What next big technology thing will be going to happen which will change human life as internet boom changed recent world?
Which was the most technologically advanced country during WWI?
After viewing the innovation timeline that shows many biotech, robotics, and medical advancements, what would it mean for your thoughts on the future?
What will be the future of mobile app technology in next 5 years?
What are the new innovation and technology in India for farmers?
What is a good example of something that is an old version of new technology?
Where do I get latest gadgets?
What is the term for the profession/field of study where people work with AI to continually refine its knowledge base?
Who are some successful women who dropped out of college, particularly in the tech industry?
What smart city advancements and technologies would improve your life the most?
How will future technology impact demographics and immigration?
What technologies can we realistically expect to see within the next 100 years?
Which are the best quotes and facts about Use of software & technology?
Would an opensource Uber App be be a huge win win?
Will Spectacles go the way of Google Glass?
How long does a aerial drone last until needing repairs or a fix?
What is the most viewed technology?
How Google impacted our lives over the past 18 years?
Where do you see Kaggle in next 10 years, Evolving to a product or consulting company?
Has there been any major technological advancements since the 1990's?
What is the mind blowing shoes design available in the market?
What technological advances did the Sumerians make?
What are the wearable technologies available in clothing? Any new ideas?
HI which are the latest technologies trending in market?
Which are some of the people you know make predictions about the future of management, technology and business?
What trend is finally dying down?
What technologies do we need but dont have?
Which wearable technology is good?
