Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
Why is the universe so strangely shaped? Shouldn't it be round around the Big Bang spot?
What do you think is outside the universe?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
Which is the largest object or body in this entire universe and the other parallel universe?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
Is there anything vaster than space?
How will the universe come to an end?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
What if there is another Earth?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Due to how vast the universe is, is it possible to find an element that is not on the periodic table?
I'm 17 and just realized that the universe is indifferent to our suffering. The universe still expands. Life goes on. What is the point?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
Is the universe also a black hole?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
If, starting today, new evidence is found that the universe is infinite, what would that evidence be?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
Does Calhoun's Universe 25 experiment portray the limits to urbanisation?
What is the future according to universal laws?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
What is the reality in the universe?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
Does universal confidence exist?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Isn't it madness to believe that we are alone in the universe, with all those stars and galaxies and planets that already existed?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
What equation can be written that represents the entire universe?
What are some shocking facts about the universe?
Since the universe is expanding, will the cosmic microwave background eventually shift towards the radio spectrum?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
What created the Big Bang?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
How long do you think was the universe in the state of pre-Big Bang?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
What is inflation in the universe?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
Is every bit of space expanding?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
What are the best things in the universe?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
How much do we know about the universe?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
What don’t we know about the universe?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
Why aren't people hyperaware of the infinite size of the universe?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
What is universe made up of?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
Is the universe a quantum system?
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
Is it possible that dark matter is present as regular matter in a parallel universe(s) but the same ‘space’ and hence, we cannot identify it?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
Suppose the multiple worlds hypothesis were verified, could we receive data from the other universes?
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
What does universal language mean?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
Is our universe in a time loop?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
Is it realistically possible to destroy the entire universe?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
I'm trying to wrap my head around the multi-verse theory and levels 1-4 parallel universes. Could someone simplify (dumb) this down for me?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
What analogy is used to describe our solar system, galaxy and universe?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
So, exactly what was inside the Big Bang before it exploded?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
Is there any way to download all seasons of the Big Bang Theory?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
How can we expand an economy?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Where does our universe lead to?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
What would the center of the universe look like?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
To what extent can our universe expand?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
When will the next universe be born?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
Where in the universe are we located?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
Who runs the whole universe?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Why does the universe talk to me?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
What can you tell about KL University?
On what does this universe stand?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
Where is the real universe? Inside our mind or outside it?
What is eternal in this universe?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Is there any void space in universe?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
Is the universe endless?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
What is the multiverse theory?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
What is the most important proof we have that authenticates and validates the happenings of the first few years after the Big Bang?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
Why is it wrong to say "The universe revolves around the Earth"?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
Could the universe have intelligence?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
Does a para-universe exist or not?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
How did the universe came into existance?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
Which national universities are ready for an attempt to clean up the universe from dangerous scrap with a grappler coming out of a small cube?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
If one made a mini model of the Universe, what size would it be?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
From where was the universe created?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
What if the universe became a black hole?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
Is there a wall or something at the end of the universe if humans managed to reach it?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Is the universe expanding due to the repulsive force of the big bang or due to the formation of new space?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
Why is the universe still expanding after so many years since the Big Bang? Why is the speed of expansion increasing rather than being constant?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
What is the temperature of universe?
Is different timeline a different universe?
Why is the universe so messed up?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
What is Big Bang Management?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
Who is Suki Yang?
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
Could our universe be fictional?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
Do circular galaxies exists?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Does the Big Bang theory prove the idea of a multiverse?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
What do you know about University of Evora?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
Could the universe be a sphere?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Where is heaven located in the universe?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
If the universe started as a singularity ~13.5 billion years ago, then does our universe stop at the light horizon?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
What is the solution if you come to know that the entire universe is against you?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
How would you describe the universe?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
How does God control our universe?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
What is the Big Bang transition?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
What is the safest place in the universe?
What is the dead end of the universe?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything. Does anything exist at all?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
Why should we select you in our university?
What is the integration of infinite?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
Why is the universe dark?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
How possible is infinity?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
How can I create a fictional universe?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
Is god dreaming the universe?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
Is the universe infinite in age?
Is the multi verse theory true?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
Is there an end to the universe?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
What are some wonders of the universe?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
What does the border of the universe look like?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
Where does the universe exist?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
What theories are behind dark matter?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
What happens in vast multiverse?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
What is the universe without human beings?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
Is the universe a circle?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
Is the universe in constant growth?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
Why does the universe appear black?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
How much infinite is possible?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
How can the universe be defined?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
Is there any end points of our universe?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
How can nothingness exist?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
Who came first, god or the universe?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
What is the best feeling in the universe?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
What does our flat universe look like?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
What are the benefits of expanders?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
For how many years has the universe existed?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
Can humans create another universe?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
What is the nexus of the universe?
How was the Big Bang formed?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
What power holds the universe in place?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
What could be outside of the universe?
What does the universe lie within?
Why is the universe frightening?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
Do we have another universe?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
What is the motive force of the universe?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
Is the universe symmetric?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
How did life begin in the Universe?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Where does multiverse end?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
How can we define universe?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
Do stars warm up the universe?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
Why is the universe called flat?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
When does a new Yuga start?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
Can we make a universe?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
What’s the best book about the universe?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
What is the scale of the universe?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
Could our universe be a fake?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
What is unique in the universe?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
How do we define the observable universe?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
What caused the universe?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
What surrounds our Universe?
What does Hubble's theory state?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
What is the depth of the universe?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
How far is the universe?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
How big is the present-day universe?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
What will the universe be without an earth?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
Can there be other universe?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
Is everything in the universe random?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
What is the best way to pull through university?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
What is the cosmic egg?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
What does the universe want?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
How do I stop singing in class?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
Why does our universe expand?
How did life start in the universe?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
Are there green stars in the universe?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
How will robots describe life?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
How old is our universe?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
What may be the size of the universe?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
What is the beginning of universe?
Where am I in the universe?
Is our universe finite?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
Is the universe a fractal network?
How did this universe came into being?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
Can the universe be a living being?
What is beyond the present universe?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
How was this universe formed/created?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
How is space time expanding?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
How do we know the universe is changing?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
Does my university matter?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
What was the first particle in the universe?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
What is the center of the universe?
Does Swaraj University exist?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
What is our universe doing?
How has the universe inspired music?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
How will technology help people in future years?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
Is there any life in the universe?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
Does the antimatter universe exist?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
What is a parallel earth universe?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
How big is Jain University?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
How does the universe work exactly?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
Was this universe designed for humans?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
Why is there a universe?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
How do you get out of the universe?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
What are the theories of the universe?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
How does our universe expand?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
Does the universe actually exist?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
What created the cause of big bang?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
How can we have differing truths?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
Why do space and time exist?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
Is friction present in the universe?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Is light attracted by gravity?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
What is a Monocerotis system?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
Does the universe end somewhere?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
What was there before the creation of universe?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
How cool is the universe?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
What is at the end of the universe?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
What programmed the universe?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Why did god create us and the universe?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Why is the universe flat?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
Is the universe real?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
Did the initial singularity exist?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
How small are we in the universe?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Why universe came into existence?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
What happens when there is no universe?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
Does universe has a end point?
How far is 40 light years?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
How do you get out of the universe?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
Why is the universe so strangely shaped? Shouldn't it be round around the Big Bang spot?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
How will robots describe life?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
What if there is another Earth?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
How can I create a fictional universe?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Due to how vast the universe is, is it possible to find an element that is not on the periodic table?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
Why is the universe frightening?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
What is the reality in the universe?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Does universal confidence exist?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
Why did god create us and the universe?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
Does my university matter?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
Does the universe end somewhere?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
Is the universe in constant growth?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
Does universe has a end point?
What are the best things in the universe?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
Is there any life in the universe?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
If/when the universe stops expanding, will the night sky not be dark?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
When does a new Yuga start?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
Is there an end to the universe?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
What is the best feeling in the universe?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
How big is Jain University?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
Why universe came into existence?
Is the universe symmetric?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
How did the scientists claimed that the Earth is 4.5 Billion years old?
Is it realistically possible to destroy the entire universe?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
Does the universe actually exist?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
How can we expand an economy?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Where does our universe lead to?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
What would the center of the universe look like?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
Where in the universe are we located?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
Is friction present in the universe?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
What is eternal in this universe?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
How big is the present-day universe?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
What is beyond the present universe?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
How was this universe formed/created?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
What is the purpose of background radiation in the universe?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
Could a universe that never has conscious beings within it be said to have existed at all?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
What does the border of the universe look like?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
From where was the universe created?
What happens in vast multiverse?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Why is the universe still expanding after so many years since the Big Bang? Why is the speed of expansion increasing rather than being constant?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
What is the temperature of universe?
Is different timeline a different universe?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
Why is the universe flat?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
Why is the universe so messed up?
How much infinite is possible?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
Does universe have friction?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
What is the nexus of the universe?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
How was the Big Bang formed?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Why is the universe called flat?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
Do circular galaxies exists?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
What programmed the universe?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Could the universe be a sphere?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
Does Quantum Mechanics prove the universe is non-deterministic?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
If the universe started as a singularity ~13.5 billion years ago, then does our universe stop at the light horizon?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Could our universe be a fake?
Is our universe finite?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
What theories are behind dark matter?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
What is the Big Bang transition?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
What is the dead end of the universe?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
What created the cause of big bang?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
What does the universe want?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
How do I stop singing in class?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
How did this universe came into being?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
If I wanted to completely destroy the universe (or most of it), what would be the best approach? Feel free to interpret the question as you see fit.
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
What is universal holding cabinate?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
What does the universe lie within?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Do we have another universe?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
How small are we in the universe?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
How did life begin in the Universe?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
Isn't it madness to believe that we are alone in the universe, with all those stars and galaxies and planets that already existed?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
Since the universe is expanding, will the cosmic microwave background eventually shift towards the radio spectrum?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
How long do you think was the universe in the state of pre-Big Bang?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
How does the university market itself?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
How has the universe inspired music?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
How can we define universe?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
How far is 40 light years?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
Why is there a universe?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
How much do we know about the universe?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
Is the universe real?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
Did the initial singularity exist?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
Why is the universe dark?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
Are there multiverses?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
What does universal language mean?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
What is a parallel earth universe?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
How old is our universe?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
If you had the capability to visit anywhere in the universe for five seconds, where would you go?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
I'm trying to wrap my head around the multi-verse theory and levels 1-4 parallel universes. Could someone simplify (dumb) this down for me?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
So, exactly what was inside the Big Bang before it exploded?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
Is there any way to download all seasons of the Big Bang Theory?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
Why does the universe appear black?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
How does the universe work exactly?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
To what extent can our universe expand?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
Does Swaraj University exist?
Is the universe a fractal network?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
Why does our universe expand?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
How far we are from center of universe?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
Why does the universe talk to me?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Is there any void space in universe?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
Is god dreaming the universe?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
How does our universe expand?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
What’s the best book about the universe?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
What does our flat universe look like?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
How universe is a closed system?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
What is universe? I’m looking for a precise mathematical definition so that we can talk about other types of universes.
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
Is the universe expanding due to the repulsive force of the big bang or due to the formation of new space?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
What does Hubble's theory state?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
How far is the universe?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
Is there any end points of our universe?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
Can the universe be a living being?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
Does the Big Bang theory prove the idea of a multiverse?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
What do you know about University of Evora?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
How cool is the universe?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
Where is heaven located in the universe?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
How would you describe the universe?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
What is unique in the universe?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
Is everything in the universe random?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
From Fringe the TV show, is it possible based on the concept of multiple universes that every persons choice results in a parallel timeline?
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
What caused the universe?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
Is life a random but inevitable force in the universe?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
Are there green stars in the universe?
What do you think is outside the universe?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Which is the largest object or body in this entire universe and the other parallel universe?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
Is there anything vaster than space?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
What is the future according to universal laws?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
What is the beginning of universe?
Where am I in the universe?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
Does the Conservation of angular momentum (as a 'recognised truth') contradict the big bang Theory?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
Is frictin present in universe?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
What created the Big Bang?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
What is the best way to pull through university?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
What is the universe without human beings?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
What is inflation in the universe?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
Why do space and time exist?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
How successful is Quantum Mechanics in explaining the universe?
How can the universe be defined?
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
Why aren't people hyperaware of the infinite size of the universe?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
Suppose the multiple worlds hypothesis were verified, could we receive data from the other universes?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
How is space time expanding?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
What is the scale of the universe?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
Is our universe in a time loop?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
What is the center of the universe?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
Who runs the whole universe?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Is light attracted by gravity?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
On what does this universe stand?
Can humans create another universe?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
How do we know the space is flat?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
Why should we select you in our university?
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
Can there be other universe?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
Is the universe endless?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
What are the theories of the universe?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
What is the multiverse theory?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
What are some wonders of the universe?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
Where does the universe exist?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
What surrounds our Universe?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
Do stars warm up the universe?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
What is Big Bang Management?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
What is a Monocerotis system?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
How can nothingness exist?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Could our universe be fictional?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
Is the universe infinite in age?
Is the multi verse theory true?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
What was there before the creation of universe?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
What is the motive force of the universe?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
What is the solution if you come to know that the entire universe is against you?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
For how many years has the universe existed?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
How does God control our universe?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
What is the safest place in the universe?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
How did life start in the universe?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
What is our universe doing?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
How will the universe come to an end?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything. Does anything exist at all?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
I'm 17 and just realized that the universe is indifferent to our suffering. The universe still expands. Life goes on. What is the point?
What could be outside of the universe?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
Is the universe also a black hole?
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
If, starting today, new evidence is found that the universe is infinite, what would that evidence be?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
Does Calhoun's Universe 25 experiment portray the limits to urbanisation?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
What are the benefits of expanders?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
What equation can be written that represents the entire universe?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
What are some shocking facts about the universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
Is the universe a circle?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
What was the first particle in the universe?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
How can we have differing truths?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
Was this universe designed for humans?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
Is every bit of space expanding?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
What is the depth of the universe?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
What don’t we know about the universe?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
Is the human mind wired to understand the universe?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
What is universe made up of?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
Is the universe a quantum system?
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
Is it possible that dark matter is present as regular matter in a parallel universe(s) but the same ‘space’ and hence, we cannot identify it?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
How do we know that parallel universes exist?
Does the antimatter universe exist?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
Can we make a universe?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
How do we know the universe is changing?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
What analogy is used to describe our solar system, galaxy and universe?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
What happens when there is no universe?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
What is the source of entropy in the universe?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
When will the next universe be born?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
How will technology help people in future years?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
What can you tell about KL University?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
Where is the real universe? Inside our mind or outside it?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Who came first, god or the universe?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
What is the most important proof we have that authenticates and validates the happenings of the first few years after the Big Bang?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
Why is it wrong to say "The universe revolves around the Earth"?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
Could the universe have intelligence?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
Does a para-universe exist or not?
How did the universe came into existance?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
Which national universities are ready for an attempt to clean up the universe from dangerous scrap with a grappler coming out of a small cube?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
If one made a mini model of the Universe, what size would it be?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
What if the universe became a black hole?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
Where does multiverse end?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
Is there a wall or something at the end of the universe if humans managed to reach it?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
What is the cosmic egg?
Why universe has formed life?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Who is Suki Yang?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
What is at the end of the universe?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
What power holds the universe in place?
What is the integration of infinite?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
What will the universe be without an earth?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
How possible is infinity?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
What may be the size of the universe?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
How do we define the observable universe?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
How does Hawking's idea that the Universe, in its most primitive form, arose spontaneously from nothing stand up?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
What happens after our universe dies?
What are the 12 particles of matter that make up the Universe?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
Why humans are not designed to perceive extra dimensions of the universe, if it exists?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
Do discoveries related to the holographic universe point also to the black hole origin of the universe?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
Is the universe expanding at a universal speed (No pun intended) or will we begin to close the gap on older matter in the future?
If the universe is made of Higgs boson, then what is dark matter?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
What is the use of spending billions of dollar in space programs?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
What does Dave Consiglio think about the One Electron Universe theory?
Are there any other Earth's in the world whole universe?
How many bytes of information has been generated by the universe since the big bang?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
Why are humans so mean and cynical in the Alien universe?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
How is it possible for astronomers to know such exact information about the Universe?
If you do not receive your proficiency certificate from reputed universities, inspite of completing your course, whom do you approach as the last resort?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
How is the age of the known universe determined?
An atom to an universe, does the scales ends here or there is possible scope for expansion?
Is our universe expanding with acceleration or retardation?
You can have all the knowledge of how the universe works, but there is a 60% chance that your brain will be literally fried, do you accept the offer?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
What is the total charge of universe?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
If there is no change in universe does time lose its significance?
There is any object in universe, which is not under the influence of gravity?
What would happen if a hollow tube was put through the earth’s atmosphere?
Even if the Universe aproaches its end (Big Freeze), would Gravity or Dark Energy cease to exist?
Is it a proven fact that we are living in a clusters of universe called multiverse?
Are there multi universe?
Are there more stars in the observable than beyond the observable universe?
How we know that the Universe is not dead?
What is the smallest change in the laws of physics that would result in the end of humans?
If God knows the future, then the universe is deterministic. Where is the free will?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
If you could make anything in the universe sentient, what would you pick and why?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
With trillions of stars & planets, intelligent life must statistically exist in the Universe. When can/why can't we end religions & move on?
When our universe is expanding, do the celestial bodies move further away from each other? Why or why not ?
Is it possible for humans to travel between parallel universe?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Is it more likely that, when mankind finally meets an extra-terrestrial civilization, their bodies will be much larger, or much smaller than ours?
How would the universe be if empty space was truly empty?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
Why would a 5-dimensional universe with four space dimensions and one time dimenion be unstable?
Could life be a multi-dimensional existence, with a better you silently watching the stupid you from a parallel universe?
How big is the earth to ants, compared to humans and the known universe?
If time came into being after the universe was created, how can the universe have a beginning?
Can you find out the creator of this universe?
Is our universe start from a big bang like what big bank theory show?
To what size will the observable universe grow?
How does dark energy stretch out the universe?
What prevents the Universe from collapsing?
What is universal holding cabinate?
New claims state that the universe has no direction. Doesn't this contradict the previously assumed theory that the universe is expanding?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
Is our visible Universe a larger version of the stimulation of star-forming molecular gas found in the galactic halo of a supermassive black hole?
Can we bend the universe?
What are the alternatives to a "block universe" theory of time? What are the most accepted? What just fascinates you?
Is the universe the surface of a 4d ball?
If I threw a baseball from the edge of the universe what would happen?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
Can something have a single occurrence in a universe of infinite possibilities?
Do we truly know why physics equations are the way they are?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
Is it possible that two universes projecting in opposite directions were created during the big bang?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
Is there a possibility to live forever, by going in space?
How can the Big Bang Theory be summarized and explained?
How do our presence effect the universe, why is our presence so important for the universe that we exist?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
If a universe does come after ours, is there a possibility elephants and other species on earth would live there?
How were the galaxies and the stars formed after the Big Bang?
What can you say about atheist, that the universe is a product of big bang theory?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
What would happen, if an object that operated under different physical laws entered our universe and was composed of something entirely different than atoms?
If God has the power to create an infinite universe, why doesn't he solve world hunger?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Would I be right if I say that every point in universe is the center of the universe?
Is there a universe without paradoxes?
In what ways is the universe changing today?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
Why do theoretical physicists peddle conflicting theories about the Big Bang (finite universe) and parallel worlds (infinite universe)?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
Does the Universe exist only because we're here to observe it?
Hypothetically speaking, what lies beyond the multiverse?
Why is the observable universe roughly the same length in all directions from earth?
In a static finite universe why would all the objects always collapse to the centre? Why won't they be able to orbit the centre forever?
Does every atom in the universe have some attractive effect to every other existing atom in the universe, due to gravity in function of distance?
Is university really intense?
How do we say universe is 13.82 billion years old?
When will we live multiverse life?
How universe is a closed system?
Is big bang an ongoing process?
To find Graham’s number if we started at the beginning of the universe to the end, using all Google computing power—how far would we be?
Do you think the human race as we know it now will every be able to find out what event happened that created the universe?
Can we be at the initial stage of the big-bang explosion which is actually making the universe to expand and accelerate?
Can the stars and galaxies be seen as cells of a living universe and the neural structured dark matter, the neurons of the living universe?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
Cosmologically speaking, what supports exist for the notion that the laws of nature could/would differ among different universes within a multiverse?
What is red shift? What does it tell about the universe?
Does expansion of space means celestial bodies and particles moving away from each other?
In the Canon Animorphs universe what were the Kelbrid like?
Did time and space exist within the singularity that preceded the Big Bang?
Why is mathematics so effective in describing the laws of the universe?
Do elephants exist in other universes?
How can I open my mind to the complexity of the Universe?
Does anyone wonder what is this universe? What is the meaning of our existence?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
Due to recent findings in the origin of the universe, is the big bang theory started to get outdated?
When did human race realise that there is a universe?
What do you think will exist/happen at the edge of the whole universe?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
Do modern Cosmologists really have any definite answers as to the origin of the Universe?
What comes after the death of our universe? A new universe? Does said new universe have the possibility of being like ours, with the same creatures?
Does the universe learn, is there inherent learning in the universe based on physical laws ?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
Could it be possible that we already know everything there is to know about the universe?
How is the age of the Universe calculated when time is relative?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
Can there ever be a civilization out there that is so advanced that it can create universes?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
What exploded in the Big Bang?
What are the main flaws of the theory that the whole universe we know is inside of a black hole?
Is Lawrence Krauss talking nonsense about humans destroying the universe?
Will looking at the universe destroy it?
Can we bend universes?
Can the "speeding up" of the universal expansion be an illusion because space is getting stretched more on the outside than the inside?
What would happen if you would place a black hole inside of a black hole?
Science can't explain the origins of 'the big bang' yet also states 'nothing can come from nothing'. Surely this theory is therefore incorrect?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
Is the fabric of space expanding, or only the matter within it?
What is the expansion of the universe? What is beyond the universe?
Is there any prediction that can be made or more understanding that can be gained by interpreting gravity as a result of expansion?
Why universe has formed life?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
How does the university market itself?
What is a good evidence that supports the Big Bang theory?
Are galaxies expanding?
Can pure chance control order?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
Did god create the universe or do you believe in the big bang theory?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
What is the key to silent infinite vastness of now?
Is there an order of quantity in the number of elementary particles that exists throughout the universe?
If for some reason the entire universe ceased to exist except for our own galaxy, would we here on Earth go on as usual?
If universe is expanding according to Hubble's law, then are some galaxies moving from us more at a speed more than speed of light?
Is it possible to find a planet as big as our sun in our universe?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
Do scientists at NASA believe in the multi-verse theory and time warps?
What does not vibrate in this universe?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
What would happen if Independence Day happened in The Expanse universe at the time the show takes place?
Which was the first word in the universe?
What was before the Big Bang and when did time begin?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
How big could the largest conscious thing in the universe be?
If the progression of time is linear as Prof Muller stated in an earlier answer—does this linearity extend way back to the Big Bang?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
Why we are not still able to find the start and end point of universe?
Why did dark energy begin to dominate the universe?
Will it be possible for humankind to colonize the universe in the future?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
If the universe expands faster than the speed of light, how is it possible to travel to an intergalactic destination with the hope of reaching there?
How will Universe end? Will it be a big crush or will it be a Big Rip?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
Can the theory that there are alternate universes be tested?
What would it mean for the fundamental nature of the Universe if Superfluid Vacuum Theory were proven thereby uniting the ToE?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
What properties would the matter left over at the heat death of the universe posses?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
How do we there is not some huge amount of matter enclosing the universe pulling the universe toward it rather than dark energy pushing us apart?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, does that mean it being drawn to something?
I want to reconnect with the Universe. How do I do it and what are the steps?
What is the probability that we are the only life forms in the whole universe?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
Why is god always unfair only to me in this entire universe?
How far we are from center of universe?
The larger the body or any object in universe grows, the cooler it becomes? Is it so? Why?
Is it possible that dark energy is the same as dark matter but outside the universe?
Do humans fit in the universe?
Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
How do you get out of the universe?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
Why is the universe so strangely shaped? Shouldn't it be round around the Big Bang spot?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
How will robots describe life?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
What if there is another Earth?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
Can a star busting attack, as in Star Wars canon, tear the very fabric of the universe?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
When our universe is expanding, do the celestial bodies move further away from each other? Why or why not ?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
How can I create a fictional universe?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Due to how vast the universe is, is it possible to find an element that is not on the periodic table?
Planck length and time act as a characteristic lower bound . Could we expect a corresponding characteristic upper bound?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
Why is the universe frightening?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
Do we truly know why physics equations are the way they are?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
What is the reality in the universe?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Does universal confidence exist?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
Why did god create us and the universe?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
What comes after the death of our universe? A new universe? Does said new universe have the possibility of being like ours, with the same creatures?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
Does the universe learn, is there inherent learning in the universe based on physical laws ?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
Does my university matter?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
Can there ever be a civilization out there that is so advanced that it can create universes?
Does the universe end somewhere?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
Is the universe in constant growth?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
Did god create the universe or do you believe in the big bang theory?
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
Does universe has a end point?
What are the best things in the universe?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
Is there infinite mass in this universe?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
Is there any life in the universe?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
Why did dark energy begin to dominate the universe?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, does that mean it being drawn to something?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
How stability of atoms could be affected with expansion of universe?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
Since everything is moving away from the center of the universe, is there any cosmological body that is at rest in respect to everything?
Billions of years ago when the universe was much denser, did time go faster than today?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
Why are humans so mean and cynical in the Alien universe?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
How is it possible for astronomers to know such exact information about the Universe?
If you do not receive your proficiency certificate from reputed universities, inspite of completing your course, whom do you approach as the last resort?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
How is the age of the known universe determined?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
If/when the universe stops expanding, will the night sky not be dark?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
Are there more stars in the observable than beyond the observable universe?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
If God knows the future, then the universe is deterministic. Where is the free will?
If you could make anything in the universe sentient, what would you pick and why?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
When does a new Yuga start?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
What would differ, if anything, travelling through the Andromeda Galaxy versus the Milky Way?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
Is there an end to the universe?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
What can you say about atheist, that the universe is a product of big bang theory?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
What is the best feeling in the universe?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
How big is Jain University?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
Why is the observable universe roughly the same length in all directions from earth?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
Is big bang an ongoing process?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
Why universe came into existence?
Is the universe symmetric?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
Is it realistically possible to destroy the entire universe?
How did the scientists claimed that the Earth is 4.5 Billion years old?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
What is red shift? What does it tell about the universe?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
How can everywhere be the center of the universe?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
Does the universe actually exist?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
How can we expand an economy?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
Will looking at the universe destroy it?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
If you take out the vacuum energy of spacetime do you get the same as what is beyond our universe?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
Why do people think that somebody or something has created this physical universe?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Where does our universe lead to?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
What would the center of the universe look like?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
How do we know that there are parallel universes?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
Why should there be a reason for everything occurring in the universe?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
Where in the universe are we located?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
Is friction present in the universe?
What is the probability that we are the only life forms in the whole universe?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
What are the 12 particles of matter that make up the Universe?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
Do we have information on the ancient star that generated the solar system?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
What is eternal in this universe?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
How big is the present-day universe?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
If the universe is a simulation, why is it so large?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
Did Big Bang occur in the space full of Vaccum?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
What is beyond the present universe?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
How was this universe formed/created?
If the universe isn't infinite, then what is outside of the universe, and what is the difference between the inside and outside?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
What is the purpose of background radiation in the universe?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
Could a universe that never has conscious beings within it be said to have existed at all?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
What does the border of the universe look like?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
Why steady state theory is not use instead of big bang theory?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
Do you ever feel like the universe is on your side watching out for you?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
From where was the universe created?
What happens in vast multiverse?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
Do modern Cosmologists really have any definite answers as to the origin of the Universe?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Would any of the Everyone Dies scenarios cause the immediate destruction of the universe as we know it?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
Science can't explain the origins of 'the big bang' yet also states 'nothing can come from nothing'. Surely this theory is therefore incorrect?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Why is the universe still expanding after so many years since the Big Bang? Why is the speed of expansion increasing rather than being constant?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
Under our current theoretical assumptions, if all matter was eliminated from the universe, would space still exist?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
What is the temperature of universe?
Is different timeline a different universe?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
Why is the universe flat?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
Why is the universe so messed up?
How much infinite is possible?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
Which was the first word in the universe?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
If the progression of time is linear as Prof Muller stated in an earlier answer—does this linearity extend way back to the Big Bang?
Does universe have friction?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
Do humans fit in the universe?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
Do discoveries related to the holographic universe point also to the black hole origin of the universe?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
On Earth we have the Northern Lights. What kind of visual phenomena might I find in the skies of other planets around the universe?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
What is the nexus of the universe?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
How was the Big Bang formed?
If light diminishes at the inverse square law how is it that any light at all reaches us from distant stars?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
You can have all the knowledge of how the universe works, but there is a 60% chance that your brain will be literally fried, do you accept the offer?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Why is the universe called flat?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
With trillions of stars & planets, intelligent life must statistically exist in the Universe. When can/why can't we end religions & move on?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
Why would a 5-dimensional universe with four space dimensions and one time dimenion be unstable?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
Do circular galaxies exists?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
If I threw a baseball from the edge of the universe what would happen?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
How did the universe get its name?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
Is there a universe without paradoxes?
What programmed the universe?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Could the universe be a sphere?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
Does Quantum Mechanics prove the universe is non-deterministic?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
If the universe started as a singularity ~13.5 billion years ago, then does our universe stop at the light horizon?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Could our universe be a fake?
Does expansion of space means celestial bodies and particles moving away from each other?
Did time and space exist within the singularity that preceded the Big Bang?
Is our universe finite?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
What theories are behind dark matter?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
Is there any theory or research before the Big Bang?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
The Atoms we are made of once were once part of a sun. Does that mean that atoms do not die? If so then what would happen if the universe collapsed?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
What is the Big Bang transition?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
What is the dead end of the universe?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
What created the cause of big bang?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
What does the universe want?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
How do I stop singing in class?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
How did this universe came into being?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
If I wanted to completely destroy the universe (or most of it), what would be the best approach? Feel free to interpret the question as you see fit.
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
Why we are not still able to find the start and end point of universe?
If the universe expands faster than the speed of light, how is it possible to travel to an intergalactic destination with the hope of reaching there?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
The larger the body or any object in universe grows, the cooler it becomes? Is it so? Why?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
How do I select our course in demeed university it depnds on marks or our wish?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
Can we look upon the universe as a big melt with planets, Suns and nebulae as phase transitions in a vacuum still shaped as a Klein bottle?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
If there is no change in universe does time lose its significance?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Why not build a simulation game about traveling the universe and exploring it solely based on real findings and observations?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
What is universal holding cabinate?
If the universe collapsed to a point, how would that be different to a black hole?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
What does the universe lie within?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Do we have another universe?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
Can we bend the universe?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
How small are we in the universe?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
Can the stars and galaxies be seen as cells of a living universe and the neural structured dark matter, the neurons of the living universe?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
Do elephants exist in other universes?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
How did life begin in the Universe?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
Isn't it madness to believe that we are alone in the universe, with all those stars and galaxies and planets that already existed?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
Since the universe is expanding, will the cosmic microwave background eventually shift towards the radio spectrum?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
How much more should the universe expand to reach a temperature of 0 K?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
How long do you think was the universe in the state of pre-Big Bang?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
If there was a “start of time”, then what happened in the universe before time started?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
Why is the center of every planet and every galaxy hot and dense?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
What would happen if you would place a black hole inside of a black hole?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
How does the university market itself?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
How has the universe inspired music?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
How can we define universe?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
How far is 40 light years?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
Why is there a universe?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
How much do we know about the universe?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
What would it mean for the fundamental nature of the Universe if Superfluid Vacuum Theory were proven thereby uniting the ToE?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
Is the universe real?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
What are the chances of all the smallest chances in the universe to occur at once?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
Did the initial singularity exist?
What would happen if a hollow tube was put through the earth’s atmosphere?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
Why is the universe dark?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
Are there multiverses?
What prevents the Universe from collapsing?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
What does universal language mean?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
What is a parallel earth universe?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
How do our presence effect the universe, why is our presence so important for the universe that we exist?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
How old is our universe?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
If you had the capability to visit anywhere in the universe for five seconds, where would you go?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
Is dark energy evidence of our universe flowing into another universe?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
I'm trying to wrap my head around the multi-verse theory and levels 1-4 parallel universes. Could someone simplify (dumb) this down for me?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
Why is mathematics so effective in describing the laws of the universe?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
So, exactly what was inside the Big Bang before it exploded?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
Is there any way to download all seasons of the Big Bang Theory?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
What do you think will exist/happen at the edge of the whole universe?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
Why does the universe appear black?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
How does the universe work exactly?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
Is Lawrence Krauss talking nonsense about humans destroying the universe?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
Why do scientists say that there may be many universes making up the multiverse instead of the other way round?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
What is the expansion of the universe? What is beyond the universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
If the human brain is so amazing. Is it possible that there is something in the universe that is above rationality?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
To what extent can our universe expand?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
Does Swaraj University exist?
Is the universe a fractal network?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
What would happen if Independence Day happened in The Expanse universe at the time the show takes place?
What was before the Big Bang and when did time begin?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
Is it possible that dark energy is consciousness, and that our collective consciousness makes up the fabric of our universe?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
How big could the largest conscious thing in the universe be?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
Is the universe older than 13.7 billion years old?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
Why does our universe expand?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
How far we are from center of universe?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
Why does the universe talk to me?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
Are there 7.5 billion universes?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Is there any void space in universe?
Is it a proven fact that we are living in a clusters of universe called multiverse?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
Is there a universal big dream explanation?
Is it fair for one person to be responsible for the future of humanity?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
Is it more likely that, when mankind finally meets an extra-terrestrial civilization, their bodies will be much larger, or much smaller than ours?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
What is the margin of the universe?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
Is god dreaming the universe?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
How does our universe expand?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
Is the universe the surface of a 4d ball?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
What’s the best book about the universe?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
Is it possible that two universes projecting in opposite directions were created during the big bang?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Would I be right if I say that every point in universe is the center of the universe?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
If the speed of light was instantaneous, what would the night sky look like?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
What does our flat universe look like?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
How universe is a closed system?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
In the Canon Animorphs universe what were the Kelbrid like?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
What is universe? I’m looking for a precise mathematical definition so that we can talk about other types of universes.
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
If you were to instantly move 13.82 billion light years away, would the observable universe grow?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
If there are different laws of physics somewhere in the universe, would they still be universal to the extent that the basic principles are the same?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
Is the universe expanding due to the repulsive force of the big bang or due to the formation of new space?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
What does Hubble's theory state?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
What is the key to silent infinite vastness of now?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
If for some reason the entire universe ceased to exist except for our own galaxy, would we here on Earth go on as usual?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
Why humans are not designed to perceive extra dimensions of the universe, if it exists?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
If the universe is made of Higgs boson, then what is dark matter?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
What does Dave Consiglio think about the One Electron Universe theory?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
How many bytes of information has been generated by the universe since the big bang?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
How far is the universe?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
Is there any end points of our universe?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
How would the universe be if empty space was truly empty?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
Can the universe be a living being?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
Does the Big Bang theory prove the idea of a multiverse?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
How can the Big Bang Theory be summarized and explained?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
If a universe does come after ours, is there a possibility elephants and other species on earth would live there?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
What are the most interesting planets in the Universe?
What do you know about University of Evora?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
What are the fundamental laws of physics who rule our universe?
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
How cool is the universe?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
Does the Universe exist only because we're here to observe it?
Where is heaven located in the universe?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
What is the fabric of cosmos made of? How can objects in cosmos curve space(time) and create gravity?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
Does every atom in the universe have some attractive effect to every other existing atom in the universe, due to gravity in function of distance?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Do you think the human race as we know it now will every be able to find out what event happened that created the universe?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
How would you describe the universe?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
How can I open my mind to the complexity of the Universe?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
What is unique in the universe?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
Is everything in the universe random?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
From Fringe the TV show, is it possible based on the concept of multiple universes that every persons choice results in a parallel timeline?
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
What caused the universe?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
Is there any prediction that can be made or more understanding that can be gained by interpreting gravity as a result of expansion?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
Is life a random but inevitable force in the universe?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
Did matter exist before big bang?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
If space is cold, why doesn't it extinguish the flames from a rocket?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
Can the theory that there are alternate universes be tested?
Does every object in the Universe vibrate in a frequency?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
Are there green stars in the universe?
What do you think is outside the universe?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
Is the universe expanding at a universal speed (No pun intended) or will we begin to close the gap on older matter in the future?
How would an atom behave if it were alone in a flat universe?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Which is the largest object or body in this entire universe and the other parallel universe?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
Is there anything vaster than space?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
What is the total charge of universe?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
What is the smallest change in the laws of physics that would result in the end of humans?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
If environment of a distant planet was made sustainable for us, would you prefer to go there?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
Is the entire knowledge of the universe knowable?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
To what size will the observable universe grow?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
New claims state that the universe has no direction. Doesn't this contradict the previously assumed theory that the universe is expanding?
Is our visible Universe a larger version of the stimulation of star-forming molecular gas found in the galactic halo of a supermassive black hole?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
What is the future according to universal laws?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
Hypothetically speaking, what lies beyond the multiverse?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
Is there is anything or any particle in Universe that do not have energy but still Exists?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
How many light years can the universe expand in a few seconds?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
Can we be at the initial stage of the big-bang explosion which is actually making the universe to expand and accelerate?
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
What is the beginning of universe?
Where am I in the universe?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
Does the Conservation of angular momentum (as a 'recognised truth') contradict the big bang Theory?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
Is it possible to prevent earth from rotating?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
Is frictin present in universe?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
What created the Big Bang?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
What is the best way to pull through university?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
What is the universe without human beings?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
What exploded in the Big Bang?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
Can the "speeding up" of the universal expansion be an illusion because space is getting stretched more on the outside than the inside?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
What is inflation in the universe?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
Are galaxies expanding?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
Why do space and time exist?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
Why are astronomers saying the farthest out galaxies that are more red shifted prove the universe is not going to collapse?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
How successful is Quantum Mechanics in explaining the universe?
How can the universe be defined?
Why is god always unfair only to me in this entire universe?
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
Why aren't people hyperaware of the infinite size of the universe?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
Could the curvature of space potentially be measured accurately enough to determine the shape/size of the universe?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
Are there any other Earth's in the world whole universe?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
Is there a particular direction we point telescopes to find the oldest galaxies? Or can they be found in every direction?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
There is any object in universe, which is not under the influence of gravity?
Why does gravity slow down the expansion of the Universe?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
Could life be a multi-dimensional existence, with a better you silently watching the stupid you from a parallel universe?
If the matter, out of which our solar system arose, contained more solids/rocks than gases would our 'Sun' be made of rock?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
Suppose the multiple worlds hypothesis were verified, could we receive data from the other universes?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
How is space time expanding?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
What is the scale of the universe?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
Are there older and similar sitcoms to The Big Bang Theory?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
Is our universe in a time loop?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
Does anyone wonder what is this universe? What is the meaning of our existence?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
When did human race realise that there is a universe?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
Can we bend universes?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
What is a good evidence that supports the Big Bang theory?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
Is there an order of quantity in the number of elementary particles that exists throughout the universe?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
What is the center of the universe?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
Can you destroy the universe by messing with time?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Do scientists at NASA believe in the multi-verse theory and time warps?
What does not vibrate in this universe?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
If universe starts at Big Bang (13.7 billion years ago), according to evolution, how much we were lucky (by percent) to become an intelligent being?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
I want to reconnect with the Universe. How do I do it and what are the steps?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
Who runs the whole universe?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Is light attracted by gravity?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
If you could and did remove all space in the universe, what would you be left with?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
On what does this universe stand?
Can humans create another universe?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
How do we know the space is flat?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
Is our universe expanding with acceleration or retardation?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
Are there infinite big bangs in the Universe?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
Why should we select you in our university?
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
How we know that the Universe is not dead?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
Can there be other universe?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
What would happen to the universe if pi=1?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
Is the universe endless?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
If time came into being after the universe was created, how can the universe have a beginning?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
What are the theories of the universe?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
Why do astronomers use present tense in speaking of expanding universe as the evidence has traveled billions of years to be seen?
What is the multiverse theory?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
How would you think of the universe being created, isn't that insane?
What are some wonders of the universe?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
In a static finite universe why would all the objects always collapse to the centre? Why won't they be able to orbit the centre forever?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
Could advanced civilizations be protecting the universe?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
Where does the universe exist?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
Is the multiverse theory (which is everything can't be explained on the basis of matter) an attempt to escape reality?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
What are the main flaws of the theory that the whole universe we know is inside of a black hole?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
What surrounds our Universe?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
Do stars warm up the universe?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
What is Big Bang Management?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
What is a Monocerotis system?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
How can nothingness exist?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
How much time has elapsed on Earth if I travel to a planet 12 billion light years away through a wormhole?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Could our universe be fictional?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
Is space expanding or galaxies are moving apart in the same space?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
Is the universe infinite in age?
Is the multi verse theory true?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
How were the galaxies and the stars formed after the Big Bang?
What was there before the creation of universe?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
Which Came first: 'The laws of Physics' or ' The God' (Creator)?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
Why do theoretical physicists peddle conflicting theories about the Big Bang (finite universe) and parallel worlds (infinite universe)?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
What is the motive force of the universe?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
How do we say universe is 13.82 billion years old?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
What is the solution if you come to know that the entire universe is against you?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
If we looked at a star 10 billion light years away, wouldn't that star actually be dead by now even though we can see it as if it was alive?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
For how many years has the universe existed?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
Are the galaxies orbitting the Milkyway in a flat plane?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
How is the age of the Universe calculated when time is relative?
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
How does God control our universe?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
What is the safest place in the universe?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
Is it possible to find a planet as big as our sun in our universe?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
How did life start in the universe?
How do we there is not some huge amount of matter enclosing the universe pulling the universe toward it rather than dark energy pushing us apart?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
What is the origin of energy in our universe?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
What is our universe doing?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
How will the universe come to an end?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything. Does anything exist at all?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
Even if the Universe aproaches its end (Big Freeze), would Gravity or Dark Energy cease to exist?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
How big is the earth to ants, compared to humans and the known universe?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
Is our universe start from a big bang like what big bank theory show?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
I'm 17 and just realized that the universe is indifferent to our suffering. The universe still expands. Life goes on. What is the point?
What could be outside of the universe?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
Is the universe also a black hole?
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
If, starting today, new evidence is found that the universe is infinite, what would that evidence be?
What are the alternatives to a "block universe" theory of time? What are the most accepted? What just fascinates you?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
Does Calhoun's Universe 25 experiment portray the limits to urbanisation?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
Is there a possibility to live forever, by going in space?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
Because space is invisible, what is the best way to define it?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
To find Graham’s number if we started at the beginning of the universe to the end, using all Google computing power—how far would we be?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
How plausible is the theory that the big bang was caused by a supermassive black hole from a different universe and dimension?
Cosmologically speaking, what supports exist for the notion that the laws of nature could/would differ among different universes within a multiverse?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
What are the benefits of expanders?
Do you consider the phrase "The brain is the most complex thing in the universe" to be justified?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
What equation can be written that represents the entire universe?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
What are some shocking facts about the universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
Is the universe a circle?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
What was the first particle in the universe?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
Is there a law of physics which states that mass must be the product of a system that has no mass? I'm thinking of the pre-Big Bang.
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
How can we have differing truths?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
Was this universe designed for humans?
Can pure chance control order?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
Is every bit of space expanding?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
What is the depth of the universe?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
What don’t we know about the universe?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
What properties would the matter left over at the heat death of the universe posses?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
What is the use of spending billions of dollar in space programs?
Is the human mind wired to understand the universe?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
Has there always been a universe?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
An atom to an universe, does the scales ends here or there is possible scope for expansion?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
What is universe made up of?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
Is the universe a quantum system?
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
Is it possible that dark matter is present as regular matter in a parallel universe(s) but the same ‘space’ and hence, we cannot identify it?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
Is infinite equal to infinite?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
How do we know that parallel universes exist?
Does the antimatter universe exist?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
Can we make a universe?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
Can something have a single occurrence in a universe of infinite possibilities?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
Does the stretching of space from universal expansion slow time? If so, could that be the reason of the redshift instead of an "increasing" expansion speed?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
What would happen, if an object that operated under different physical laws entered our universe and was composed of something entirely different than atoms?
What would be left if the universe was destroyed, and what would it look like?
If God has the power to create an infinite universe, why doesn't he solve world hunger?
In what ways is the universe changing today?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
How do we know the universe is changing?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
What analogy is used to describe our solar system, galaxy and universe?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
Have you ever stared into the vastness of the universe and pondered over the futility of human achievements?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
What is the rarest thing in the universe?
Does the dark matter present in the universe cause any distortion to the speed of the spacecraft Voyager 1?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
Does a time turner create an alternate universe or does it simply transport people to the past?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
What happens when there is no universe?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
Could it be possible that we already know everything there is to know about the universe?
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
What is the source of entropy in the universe?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
When will the next universe be born?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
How will technology help people in future years?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Will it be possible for humankind to colonize the universe in the future?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
Is it possible that dark energy is the same as dark matter but outside the universe?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
What can you tell about KL University?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
Where is the real universe? Inside our mind or outside it?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
How do we know how many galaxies are in the universe?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Who came first, god or the universe?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
How do we know the Earth is 4.5 billion years old?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
What is the most important proof we have that authenticates and validates the happenings of the first few years after the Big Bang?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
Why is it wrong to say "The universe revolves around the Earth"?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
Could the universe have intelligence?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
Does a para-universe exist or not?
How did the universe came into existance?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
Which national universities are ready for an attempt to clean up the universe from dangerous scrap with a grappler coming out of a small cube?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
If one made a mini model of the Universe, what size would it be?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
What if the universe became a black hole?
Where does multiverse end?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
Is there a wall or something at the end of the universe if humans managed to reach it?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
What is the cosmic egg?
Why universe has formed life?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
Why should we exist? In a universe with billions of organisms, what meaning does our existence add?
What might life as humans be like in the far distant future as heat death of the Universe becomes a significant issue?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
Could Universe be modelled in thermodynamic terms?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
What happens after our universe dies?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Who is Suki Yang?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
How we determined the rate of universe expansion?
What is at the end of the universe?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
Are there multi universe?
What power holds the universe in place?
What is the integration of infinite?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
What will the universe be without an earth?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
Is it possible for humans to travel between parallel universe?
How possible is infinity?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
Can you find out the creator of this universe?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
How does dark energy stretch out the universe?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
What may be the size of the universe?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
Is university really intense?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
When will we live multiverse life?
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
Are we really of an holographic universe?
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
Is the universe infininite? And if so, wouldn't it be infinite at the time of big bang 13.7 Ga?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
How do we define the observable universe?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
Due to recent findings in the origin of the universe, is the big bang theory started to get outdated?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
I would like to obtain a deep, fundamental understanding of the universe through science/physics. What is the best plan of action to achieving this?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
How does Hawking's idea that the Universe, in its most primitive form, arose spontaneously from nothing stand up?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
Is the fabric of space expanding, or only the matter within it?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
If the universe is expanding with an accelerating constant how can the universe be so homogeneous?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
In an alternate universe, every planet is a cube. What are the effects?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
If universe is expanding according to Hubble's law, then are some galaxies moving from us more at a speed more than speed of light?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
How will Universe end? Will it be a big crush or will it be a Big Rip?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
How do you get out of the universe?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
Can anyone have an idea about how the universe come into existence?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
How will robots describe life?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
What if there is another Earth?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
Can a star busting attack, as in Star Wars canon, tear the very fabric of the universe?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
When our universe is expanding, do the celestial bodies move further away from each other? Why or why not ?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
How can I create a fictional universe?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Planck length and time act as a characteristic lower bound . Could we expect a corresponding characteristic upper bound?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
Why is the universe frightening?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
Do we truly know why physics equations are the way they are?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
Is the sun orbiting the Milky Way Galaxy or some other Galaxy?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
Who planted the seed that led to the Big Bang?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
If we really have a parallel universe, can we mentally reach ourselves in the other universe?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
Is what this person says in this lecture true?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
What is the reality in the universe?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Does universal confidence exist?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
Why did god create us and the universe?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
What if the universe stopped expanding for 2 seconds?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
What comes after the death of our universe? A new universe? Does said new universe have the possibility of being like ours, with the same creatures?
Are there alien in the universe?
Does apparent randomness in the universe disprove God?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
Does the universe learn, is there inherent learning in the universe based on physical laws ?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
Does my university matter?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
Can there ever be a civilization out there that is so advanced that it can create universes?
Does the universe end somewhere?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
Can there be meaning in a meaningless universe?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
Is the universe in constant growth?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
Did god create the universe or do you believe in the big bang theory?
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
Does universe has a end point?
What are the best things in the universe?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
Can we calculate the entire energy required to create our universe?
Is there infinite mass in this universe?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
Is there any life in the universe?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
Why did dark energy begin to dominate the universe?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, does that mean it being drawn to something?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
How stability of atoms could be affected with expansion of universe?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
Since the universe created you and me, does that mean it's technically God?
Since everything is moving away from the center of the universe, is there any cosmological body that is at rest in respect to everything?
Billions of years ago when the universe was much denser, did time go faster than today?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
Why are humans so mean and cynical in the Alien universe?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
How is it possible for astronomers to know such exact information about the Universe?
If you do not receive your proficiency certificate from reputed universities, inspite of completing your course, whom do you approach as the last resort?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
How is the age of the known universe determined?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
If/when the universe stops expanding, will the night sky not be dark?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
Are there more stars in the observable than beyond the observable universe?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
If God knows the future, then the universe is deterministic. Where is the free will?
If you could make anything in the universe sentient, what would you pick and why?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
When does a new Yuga start?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
What would the universe look like if at the "Big Bang" all of the law of Thermodynamics (except the 1st) were reversed?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
What would differ, if anything, travelling through the Andromeda Galaxy versus the Milky Way?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
Have we discovered 6 parallel universes as explained in YouTube videos of Edward Mentill?
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
Is there an end to the universe?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
What is time? Is there any existence of time in our universe or we are just assuming it?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
What can you say about atheist, that the universe is a product of big bang theory?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
What is the best feeling in the universe?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
How big is Jain University?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
Why is the observable universe roughly the same length in all directions from earth?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
Is big bang an ongoing process?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
Why universe came into existence?
Is the universe symmetric?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
How did the scientists claimed that the Earth is 4.5 Billion years old?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
What is red shift? What does it tell about the universe?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
How can everywhere be the center of the universe?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
Does the universe actually exist?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
How can we expand an economy?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Will the universe end today?
Do the old Indian Scriptures like Vedas and Upanishads answer the question of Modern Physics about our Universe?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
Will looking at the universe destroy it?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
If you take out the vacuum energy of spacetime do you get the same as what is beyond our universe?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
How could we estimate the amount of stars in our universe?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
Why do people think that somebody or something has created this physical universe?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Where does our universe lead to?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
What would the center of the universe look like?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
How do we know that there are parallel universes?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
Why energy and mass of universe is constant?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
Why should there be a reason for everything occurring in the universe?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
Where in the universe are we located?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
Is friction present in the universe?
What is the probability that we are the only life forms in the whole universe?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
What are the 12 particles of matter that make up the Universe?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
Do we have information on the ancient star that generated the solar system?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
What is eternal in this universe?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
Can the one-electron universe theory turn out to be true?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
If there is no God and whole universe came into being all of itself, then why don't we see purely unique elements coming into being after some time?
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
How big is the present-day universe?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
If the universe is a simulation, why is it so large?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
Did Big Bang occur in the space full of Vaccum?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
What is beyond the present universe?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
How was this universe formed/created?
If the universe isn't infinite, then what is outside of the universe, and what is the difference between the inside and outside?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
What is the purpose of background radiation in the universe?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
Could a universe that never has conscious beings within it be said to have existed at all?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
What does the border of the universe look like?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
Why steady state theory is not use instead of big bang theory?
If you are immortal and can't die no matter what, what will the end of the universe/existence be like?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
Do you ever feel like the universe is on your side watching out for you?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
Could the universe be moving? We are going about 1.2 million miles an hour.
From where was the universe created?
What happens in vast multiverse?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
Do modern Cosmologists really have any definite answers as to the origin of the Universe?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Would any of the Everyone Dies scenarios cause the immediate destruction of the universe as we know it?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
Science can't explain the origins of 'the big bang' yet also states 'nothing can come from nothing'. Surely this theory is therefore incorrect?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Is creationism really different from big bang assumption? Why our mind needs a "beginning"?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
Under our current theoretical assumptions, if all matter was eliminated from the universe, would space still exist?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
What is the temperature of universe?
Is different timeline a different universe?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
Why is the universe flat?
Why did the universe continue expanding without collapsing into a black hole at the moment the density was different everywhere?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
Why is the universe so messed up?
How much infinite is possible?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
Which was the first word in the universe?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
If the progression of time is linear as Prof Muller stated in an earlier answer—does this linearity extend way back to the Big Bang?
Does universe have friction?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
Do humans fit in the universe?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
Do discoveries related to the holographic universe point also to the black hole origin of the universe?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
Does shadow universe actually exixst?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
What is the nexus of the universe?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
How was the Big Bang formed?
If light diminishes at the inverse square law how is it that any light at all reaches us from distant stars?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
Why do people think God is all loving when nature is hostile and God is obviously malevolent?
You can have all the knowledge of how the universe works, but there is a 60% chance that your brain will be literally fried, do you accept the offer?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Why is the universe called flat?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
With trillions of stars & planets, intelligent life must statistically exist in the Universe. When can/why can't we end religions & move on?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
Why would a 5-dimensional universe with four space dimensions and one time dimenion be unstable?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
Do circular galaxies exists?
Does the success of techniques like meditation and reiki more or less prove that the universe is a simulation?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
If I threw a baseball from the edge of the universe what would happen?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
How can the universe continue to expand if the total energy balances to zero?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
Does the multiple universe theory support a universe where there are no multiple universes?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
How did the universe get its name?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
Is there a universe without paradoxes?
What programmed the universe?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Could the universe be a sphere?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
How many directions actually exist in the universe and how are they defined?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
Does Quantum Mechanics prove the universe is non-deterministic?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Could our universe be a fake?
Does expansion of space means celestial bodies and particles moving away from each other?
Did time and space exist within the singularity that preceded the Big Bang?
Is our universe finite?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
What theories are behind dark matter?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
Why do people believe science when they already know their reality?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
Is there any theory or research before the Big Bang?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
How did the universe come into MCQ?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
The Atoms we are made of once were once part of a sun. Does that mean that atoms do not die? If so then what would happen if the universe collapsed?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
What is the Big Bang transition?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
What is the dead end of the universe?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
What created the cause of big bang?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
What is meant by tangent universe?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
What does the universe want?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
How do I stop singing in class?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
How did this universe came into being?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
If I wanted to completely destroy the universe (or most of it), what would be the best approach? Feel free to interpret the question as you see fit.
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
Why we are not still able to find the start and end point of universe?
If the universe expands faster than the speed of light, how is it possible to travel to an intergalactic destination with the hope of reaching there?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
The larger the body or any object in universe grows, the cooler it becomes? Is it so? Why?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
How do I select our course in demeed university it depnds on marks or our wish?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
Can we look upon the universe as a big melt with planets, Suns and nebulae as phase transitions in a vacuum still shaped as a Klein bottle?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
Do you think Human-like creatures have existed before (or do now), elsewhere in the Universe?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
If there is no change in universe does time lose its significance?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Why not build a simulation game about traveling the universe and exploring it solely based on real findings and observations?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
If you had had the power to create the universe (Almighty), would you have created it the way it is, where man has unlimited wants but has limited resources?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
What is universal holding cabinate?
If the universe collapsed to a point, how would that be different to a black hole?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
What does the universe lie within?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Do we have another universe?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
Can we bend the universe?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
How small are we in the universe?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
If the universe was created as virtual reality known as a simulation by an advanced race, why would there be a need for a Big Bang?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
Can the stars and galaxies be seen as cells of a living universe and the neural structured dark matter, the neurons of the living universe?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
Do elephants exist in other universes?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
How did life begin in the Universe?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
How much more should the universe expand to reach a temperature of 0 K?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
If there was a “start of time”, then what happened in the universe before time started?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
Why is the center of every planet and every galaxy hot and dense?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
What would happen if you would place a black hole inside of a black hole?
If 90% of the universe is dark matter/energy, is it possible that intelligent aliens are made of dark matter and that's why can't we detect them ?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
How did the matter exist at the time of the Big Bang if there were no time or space for it to exist in?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
How does the university market itself?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
If energy can neither be created nor destroyed, how is it that the Big Bang theory is still viable?
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
How has the universe inspired music?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
How can we define universe?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
How far is 40 light years?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
Why is there a universe?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
How much do we know about the universe?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
What would it mean for the fundamental nature of the Universe if Superfluid Vacuum Theory were proven thereby uniting the ToE?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
Is there a parallel universe with a parallel me?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
Is the universe real?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
Is it that relativity and quantum physics do not oppose each one another, but that they actually do fit with each other?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
How do we know that the universe will die?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
What if repulsive forces cease to exist in the universe?
Does the universe have any memory of the previous states of things?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
What are the chances of all the smallest chances in the universe to occur at once?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
Did the initial singularity exist?
What would happen if a hollow tube was put through the earth’s atmosphere?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
Why is the universe dark?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
What is the last point of universe?
The universe may be infinite. Ok, it's very big, how can it be conjectured to be infinite (given the observable radius)?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
Is the multiverse theory possible or even probable in real life?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
Are there multiverses?
What prevents the Universe from collapsing?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
How large is the known universe?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
What does universal language mean?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
If universe is a hologram, is everything pre-destined?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
What is a parallel earth universe?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
How do our presence effect the universe, why is our presence so important for the universe that we exist?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
How old is our universe?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
If you had the capability to visit anywhere in the universe for five seconds, where would you go?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
Where can I find material and accessible proof that the big bang happened or that Gods created the universe?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
Is dark energy evidence of our universe flowing into another universe?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
Would the "theory of everything" disprove the "multiverse" theory?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
Why is mathematics so effective in describing the laws of the universe?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
What do you think will exist/happen at the edge of the whole universe?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
Why does the universe appear black?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
How does the universe work exactly?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
What are the theoritical explainations for dark matter coalesing into networks and filaments rather than ever larger spinning structures?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
Is Lawrence Krauss talking nonsense about humans destroying the universe?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
Why do scientists say that there may be many universes making up the multiverse instead of the other way round?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
What is the expansion of the universe? What is beyond the universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
If the human brain is so amazing. Is it possible that there is something in the universe that is above rationality?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
If you were to be God and re-design the building blocks of the universe, is there anything you could improve on?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
To what extent can our universe expand?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
Does Swaraj University exist?
Is the universe a fractal network?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
What would happen if Independence Day happened in The Expanse universe at the time the show takes place?
What was before the Big Bang and when did time begin?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
Is it possible that dark energy is consciousness, and that our collective consciousness makes up the fabric of our universe?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
How big could the largest conscious thing in the universe be?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
Is the universe older than 13.7 billion years old?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
Why does our universe expand?
How likely are there to be "Multiverses"?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
How far we are from center of universe?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
Do you think there is another universe beyond blackhole?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
Why does the universe talk to me?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
Are there 7.5 billion universes?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
Should I read the paper "The Mathematical Universe" or the book "Our Mathematical Universe"?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
Suppose some species survive the great expansion of the universe, what will happen to them when proton's stability ends?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Is there any void space in universe?
Is it a proven fact that we are living in a clusters of universe called multiverse?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
Is there a universal big dream explanation?
What keeps the universe balanced and how?
Are there static objects in the universe?
Is it fair for one person to be responsible for the future of humanity?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
Is it more likely that, when mankind finally meets an extra-terrestrial civilization, their bodies will be much larger, or much smaller than ours?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
What is the margin of the universe?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
Can 13.6 billion years of time pass without someone to observe that time passing?
Is god dreaming the universe?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
How does our universe expand?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
Is the universe the surface of a 4d ball?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
What’s the best book about the universe?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
Is it possible that two universes projecting in opposite directions were created during the big bang?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
What can completely destroy the universe?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Would I be right if I say that every point in universe is the center of the universe?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
If the speed of light was instantaneous, what would the night sky look like?
If the universe is infinite doesn't that mean that everything happens at once?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
What does our flat universe look like?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
Why are there hundreds of billions of galaxies instead of one humungous Galaxy?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
How universe is a closed system?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
In the Canon Animorphs universe what were the Kelbrid like?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
What is universe? I’m looking for a precise mathematical definition so that we can talk about other types of universes.
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
If you were to instantly move 13.82 billion light years away, would the observable universe grow?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
If there are different laws of physics somewhere in the universe, would they still be universal to the extent that the basic principles are the same?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
What does Hubble's theory state?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
What is the key to silent infinite vastness of now?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
If for some reason the entire universe ceased to exist except for our own galaxy, would we here on Earth go on as usual?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
Why humans are not designed to perceive extra dimensions of the universe, if it exists?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
If the universe is made of Higgs boson, then what is dark matter?
I don't believe in death - I believe that our consciousness creates a new reality, and that parallel universes may indeed exist. What are your thoughts?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
What does Dave Consiglio think about the One Electron Universe theory?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
How many bytes of information has been generated by the universe since the big bang?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
How far is the universe?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
Is there any end points of our universe?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
If dark matter was removed only from the earth's atmosphere, would we notice it?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
How would the universe be if empty space was truly empty?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
The big bang was formed by a singularity, blackholes are also a singularity. So did black holes form space and matter?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
Can the universe be a living being?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
How can the Big Bang Theory be summarized and explained?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
If a universe does come after ours, is there a possibility elephants and other species on earth would live there?
When we get to Mars, will we be able to communicate with people on earth like we see in the movies? How would we do it?
Can I say that the earth takes up room in our universe?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
What are the most interesting planets in the Universe?
What do you know about University of Evora?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
What are the fundamental laws of physics who rule our universe?
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
Is there any proof of expanding universe?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
How cool is the universe?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
Does the Universe exist only because we're here to observe it?
What is the fabric of cosmos made of? How can objects in cosmos curve space(time) and create gravity?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
Does every atom in the universe have some attractive effect to every other existing atom in the universe, due to gravity in function of distance?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Do you think the human race as we know it now will every be able to find out what event happened that created the universe?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
How would you describe the universe?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
How can I open my mind to the complexity of the Universe?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
What is unique in the universe?
Is there any evidence of a multiverse?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
Is everything in the universe random?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
From Fringe the TV show, is it possible based on the concept of multiple universes that every persons choice results in a parallel timeline?
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
What caused the universe?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
Is there any prediction that can be made or more understanding that can be gained by interpreting gravity as a result of expansion?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
Is life a random but inevitable force in the universe?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
Did matter exist before big bang?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
If space is cold, why doesn't it extinguish the flames from a rocket?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
Can the theory that there are alternate universes be tested?
Does every object in the Universe vibrate in a frequency?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
How old could the oldest civilization in the universe be?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
Do you believe that we as humans are incapable of accepting that the universe ‘just is’ - that there is no 'bigger picture' or 'designer'?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
Are there green stars in the universe?
What do you think is outside the universe?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
Is the universe expanding at a universal speed (No pun intended) or will we begin to close the gap on older matter in the future?
How would an atom behave if it were alone in a flat universe?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
What if the bug that scientists say we need to prove the universe is a simulation is actually the universe?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
Can quantum entanglement hypothetically be used to communicate over VAST distances, like from one end of a galaxy to another or from galaxy to galaxy?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
What is our purpose in this universe?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
What is the total charge of universe?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
What is the smallest change in the laws of physics that would result in the end of humans?
Do you believe in God or The theory of the Big Bang, and why?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
We perceive the universe in three dimensions. So how could flatness of the observable universe be explained in this context?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
If environment of a distant planet was made sustainable for us, would you prefer to go there?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
Is the entire knowledge of the universe knowable?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
To what size will the observable universe grow?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
New claims state that the universe has no direction. Doesn't this contradict the previously assumed theory that the universe is expanding?
Does the fact that the sky is dark prove that the universe is finite?
Is our visible Universe a larger version of the stimulation of star-forming molecular gas found in the galactic halo of a supermassive black hole?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
When the timeline of the Big Bang is discussed, what reference frame is implied?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
What is the future according to universal laws?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
In a perfect would if you could bend the universe to your will, how would academia function? What is the dream?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
Hypothetically speaking, what lies beyond the multiverse?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
Can we change something in the universe?
Is there is anything or any particle in Universe that do not have energy but still Exists?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
How many light years can the universe expand in a few seconds?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
Can we be at the initial stage of the big-bang explosion which is actually making the universe to expand and accelerate?
Is time intrinsically linear, or are we as humans only experiencing it in a linear sense?
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
What is the beginning of universe?
If the Big Bang happened, and space is supposed to expand in a spherical way, then why, according to Einstein, is space flat?
Where am I in the universe?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
Does the Conservation of angular momentum (as a 'recognised truth') contradict the big bang Theory?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
Is it possible to prevent earth from rotating?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
Is the universe defined as only physical i.e. excluding the unseen such as our thoughts, consciousness or (if any) the 5th-11th dimensions?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Does an increase in entorpy of the universe cause an increase in time or is it the other way round? Why?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
Is frictin present in universe?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
What created the Big Bang?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
What is the best way to pull through university?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
What is the universe without human beings?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
What exploded in the Big Bang?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
Can the "speeding up" of the universal expansion be an illusion because space is getting stretched more on the outside than the inside?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
What is inflation in the universe?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
Are galaxies expanding?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
Why do space and time exist?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
Why are astronomers saying the farthest out galaxies that are more red shifted prove the universe is not going to collapse?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
How successful is Quantum Mechanics in explaining the universe?
How can the universe be defined?
Why is god always unfair only to me in this entire universe?
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
Is a World Space Agency better in improving our knowledge about Cosmos than say agencies of separate countries like NASA, JAXA, ISRO, ESA?
Which is the perfect random experiment in the universe?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
Could the curvature of space potentially be measured accurately enough to determine the shape/size of the universe?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
Are there any other Earth's in the world whole universe?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
Is it likely that the missing mass in the universe is actually just mass we are unable to see, like the recent Crater 2 Galaxy?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
Is there a particular direction we point telescopes to find the oldest galaxies? Or can they be found in every direction?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
There is any object in universe, which is not under the influence of gravity?
Why does gravity slow down the expansion of the Universe?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
Is there any place in the universe that is void of all three: dark energy, dark matter, and baryonic matter?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
Could life be a multi-dimensional existence, with a better you silently watching the stupid you from a parallel universe?
If the matter, out of which our solar system arose, contained more solids/rocks than gases would our 'Sun' be made of rock?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
How is space time expanding?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
What is the scale of the universe?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
Are there older and similar sitcoms to The Big Bang Theory?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
Is our universe in a time loop?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
Does anyone wonder what is this universe? What is the meaning of our existence?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
When did human race realise that there is a universe?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
Are the orbits of all planets in a same plane geometrically?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
Can we bend universes?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
Would you rather have humanity alone in the universe, or not?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
What is a good evidence that supports the Big Bang theory?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
Is there an order of quantity in the number of elementary particles that exists throughout the universe?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
What is the center of the universe?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
Can you destroy the universe by messing with time?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Do scientists at NASA believe in the multi-verse theory and time warps?
What does not vibrate in this universe?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
If universe starts at Big Bang (13.7 billion years ago), according to evolution, how much we were lucky (by percent) to become an intelligent being?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
I want to reconnect with the Universe. How do I do it and what are the steps?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
Who runs the whole universe?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Is light attracted by gravity?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
If you could and did remove all space in the universe, what would you be left with?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
On what does this universe stand?
Can humans create another universe?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
How do we know the space is flat?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
Is our universe expanding with acceleration or retardation?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
Are there infinite big bangs in the Universe?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
Why should we select you in our university?
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
How we know that the Universe is not dead?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
Can there be other universe?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
What would happen to the universe if pi=1?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
What are the basis of creation of this magnanimous universe considering all its intricacies at sub-atomic and celestial scale?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
If time came into being after the universe was created, how can the universe have a beginning?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
What are the theories of the universe?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
Is our brain, mind, or consciousness connected to the universe?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
Why do astronomers use present tense in speaking of expanding universe as the evidence has traveled billions of years to be seen?
What is the multiverse theory?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
How would you think of the universe being created, isn't that insane?
What are some wonders of the universe?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
In a static finite universe why would all the objects always collapse to the centre? Why won't they be able to orbit the centre forever?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
Could advanced civilizations be protecting the universe?
Is there a possible explicit rule to every pattern, and everything in the universe?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
Where does the universe exist?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
Is the Universe one big atom?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
What is the radius of our Milky Way galaxy?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
Is the multiverse theory (which is everything can't be explained on the basis of matter) an attempt to escape reality?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
What are the main flaws of the theory that the whole universe we know is inside of a black hole?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
What surrounds our Universe?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
I would like a discussion. What if the black hole was a void with substance like water or other?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
Do stars warm up the universe?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
What is Big Bang Management?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Does dark energy increase as the universe expands?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
What if we somehow discover that we are the only life in the entire universe?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
What is a Monocerotis system?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
How can nothingness exist?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
I believe that space fluid creates to rotate all the planets and stuff in the universe, is it true?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
How much time has elapsed on Earth if I travel to a planet 12 billion light years away through a wormhole?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
How important is the VY Canis Majoris to the universe?
Is the universe expanding like a grenade exploding in all directions or like a guns directional explosion?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Could our universe be fictional?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
Is space expanding or galaxies are moving apart in the same space?
We make a new galaxy like Milky Way by bringing 300B stars. How much time is needed to be in equilibrium if the gravity speed is equal to light speed?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
Is the universe infinite in age?
Is the multi verse theory true?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
What are some unknown but interesting facts about the Milky way (our Galaxy)?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
Is it possible that black holes create other universes and big bang was actually an exit point, releasing matter and energy the black hole consumed?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
How were the galaxies and the stars formed after the Big Bang?
What was there before the creation of universe?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
Which Came first: 'The laws of Physics' or ' The God' (Creator)?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
Why do theoretical physicists peddle conflicting theories about the Big Bang (finite universe) and parallel worlds (infinite universe)?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
What is the motive force of the universe?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
How do we say universe is 13.82 billion years old?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
If we looked at a star 10 billion light years away, wouldn't that star actually be dead by now even though we can see it as if it was alive?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
For how many years has the universe existed?
From a religious perspective, what is the point of other planets, stars, and the universe? Why did your God create them?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
Are the galaxies orbitting the Milkyway in a flat plane?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
How is the age of the Universe calculated when time is relative?
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
How does God control our universe?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
Can you rationalize with theories in physics how a person who has passed still exists in different timeline, dimensions, or in deterministic universe?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
Is it possible to find a planet as big as our sun in our universe?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
What do you think about universe? Why are we here?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
How did life start in the universe?
How do we there is not some huge amount of matter enclosing the universe pulling the universe toward it rather than dark energy pushing us apart?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
What is the origin of energy in our universe?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
What is our universe doing?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
How will the universe come to an end?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything. Does anything exist at all?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
Even if the Universe aproaches its end (Big Freeze), would Gravity or Dark Energy cease to exist?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
What if the Big Bang was originated by the Big Rip of a precedent universe?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
How big is the earth to ants, compared to humans and the known universe?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
Is our universe start from a big bang like what big bank theory show?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
What could be outside of the universe?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
Is the universe also a black hole?
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
What are the alternatives to a "block universe" theory of time? What are the most accepted? What just fascinates you?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
Is there a possibility to live forever, by going in space?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
Because space is invisible, what is the best way to define it?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
To find Graham’s number if we started at the beginning of the universe to the end, using all Google computing power—how far would we be?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
How plausible is the theory that the big bang was caused by a supermassive black hole from a different universe and dimension?
Cosmologically speaking, what supports exist for the notion that the laws of nature could/would differ among different universes within a multiverse?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
What are the benefits of expanders?
Do you consider the phrase "The brain is the most complex thing in the universe" to be justified?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
Why was the unimaginably dense singularity of the big bang able to explode while black holes cannot?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
Is there any material in this whole universe which cannot be boiled?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
Will humans ever understand why there is a universe?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
If our universe ends in a big rip, will its last state be a quantum vacuum? Will there be the possibility of a new Big Bang then?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
Is the universe a circle?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
What significance will Sagittarius A* have on the collision with Andromeda?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
What was the first particle in the universe?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
Is there a law of physics which states that mass must be the product of a system that has no mass? I'm thinking of the pre-Big Bang.
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
How can we have differing truths?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
Was this universe designed for humans?
Can pure chance control order?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
Is every bit of space expanding?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
Do legitimate physicists really entertain the idea that the universe is a computer simulation?
What is the depth of the universe?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
What don’t we know about the universe?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
What properties would the matter left over at the heat death of the universe posses?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
Is it possible that the rapid expansion of the universe is caused by the vanishing of mass which frees the compressed space around it?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
If there's an edge to a dinner plate, why isn't there an edge to the universe?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
Is the universe really trillions of years old?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
If you removed all particles and radiation from the universe, what would the temperature be?
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
What is the use of spending billions of dollar in space programs?
Is the human mind wired to understand the universe?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
Has there always been a universe?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
An atom to an universe, does the scales ends here or there is possible scope for expansion?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
What is universe made up of?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
Is the universe a quantum system?
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
Do planets twinkle?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
Is infinite equal to infinite?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
Does the antimatter universe exist?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
Can we make a universe?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
Can something have a single occurrence in a universe of infinite possibilities?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
Does the stretching of space from universal expansion slow time? If so, could that be the reason of the redshift instead of an "increasing" expansion speed?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
What would happen, if an object that operated under different physical laws entered our universe and was composed of something entirely different than atoms?
What would be left if the universe was destroyed, and what would it look like?
If God has the power to create an infinite universe, why doesn't he solve world hunger?
In what ways is the universe changing today?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
How do we know the universe is changing?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
How can we accurately state that the universe is made of 72.1% dark energy, 23.3% dark matter and 4.6% baryonic mass?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
Have you ever stared into the vastness of the universe and pondered over the futility of human achievements?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
Does the dark matter present in the universe cause any distortion to the speed of the spacecraft Voyager 1?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
What is the rarest thing in the universe?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
Does a time turner create an alternate universe or does it simply transport people to the past?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
What happens when there is no universe?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
Could it be possible that we already know everything there is to know about the universe?
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
What is the source of entropy in the universe?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
How will technology help people in future years?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
If humans are considered to be a pattern of molecules then is it possible that there exists an exact copy of us in this universe?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Will it be possible for humankind to colonize the universe in the future?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Why can scientists detect galaxies millions/billions of light years away, yet can't confirm the existence of Planet 9?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
Is it possible that dark energy is the same as dark matter but outside the universe?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
What can you tell about KL University?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
Can the universe splitting process in many worlds be observer independent?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
How do we know how many galaxies are in the universe?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Who came first, god or the universe?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
Where can I watch the big bang theory online?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
How do we know the Earth is 4.5 billion years old?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
How did the universe came into existance?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
How many scales are there in physics of the universe?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
Is the universe continually cooling down? Why?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
Does the flow of particles since the big bang theory control our life?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
What if the universe became a black hole?
Where does multiverse end?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
What is the cosmic egg?
Why universe has formed life?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
Why should we exist? In a universe with billions of organisms, what meaning does our existence add?
When the universe ends can I assume it will become a giant black hole?
What might life as humans be like in the far distant future as heat death of the Universe becomes a significant issue?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
Could Universe be modelled in thermodynamic terms?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
If it were possible to travel faster than c, and I departed from any given point, and flew through the universe would I return to my starting point?
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
What happens after our universe dies?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
If the Big Bang theory is correct, then why didn't all matter clump into one super massive orb/planet, but instead formed into local groups of matter?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Could future technology and physics control and master space and time universes and everything that's beyond the Multiverse?
Who is Suki Yang?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
How do I defend myself against a theist in a cosmological debate?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
How we determined the rate of universe expansion?
What is at the end of the universe?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
Are there multi universe?
What power holds the universe in place?
What is the integration of infinite?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
What will the universe be without an earth?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
Is it possible for humans to travel between parallel universe?
How possible is infinity?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
Can you find out the creator of this universe?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
How does dark energy stretch out the universe?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
What may be the size of the universe?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
Is university really intense?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
When will we live multiverse life?
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
Are we really of an holographic universe?
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
How do we know how large the universe is?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
How do we define the observable universe?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
Due to recent findings in the origin of the universe, is the big bang theory started to get outdated?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
I would like to obtain a deep, fundamental understanding of the universe through science/physics. What is the best plan of action to achieving this?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
What if we discovered the fifth force in the universe but it was love?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
If you have a chance to send a message or photo to extraterrestrial life to describe yourself or your life, what will you choose to send?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
How does Hawking's idea that the Universe, in its most primitive form, arose spontaneously from nothing stand up?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
Is the fabric of space expanding, or only the matter within it?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
If the universe is expanding with an accelerating constant how can the universe be so homogeneous?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
In an alternate universe, every planet is a cube. What are the effects?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
If universe is expanding according to Hubble's law, then are some galaxies moving from us more at a speed more than speed of light?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
Which are the things or laws or concepts in universe difficult for human mind to explain and are beyond imagination?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Can multiverses occupy the same space-time, and if so, can the creation of new multiverses explain the acceleration of expansion?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
If space is expanding, what is after space stops?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
What are the Friedmann models of the universe?
How will Universe end? Will it be a big crush or will it be a Big Rip?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
Which is the largest object or body in this entire universe and the other parallel universe?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
Do circular galaxies exists?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Is the universe endless?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
What is the most important proof we have that authenticates and validates the happenings of the first few years after the Big Bang?
What created the Big Bang?
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
If one made a mini model of the Universe, what size would it be?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
Who runs the whole universe?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
Who is Suki Yang?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
How did the universe came into existance?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
What is the reality in the universe?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
Does a para-universe exist or not?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
Why is the universe so messed up?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
Why is the universe still expanding after so many years since the Big Bang? Why is the speed of expansion increasing rather than being constant?
If, starting today, new evidence is found that the universe is infinite, what would that evidence be?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Does the Big Bang theory prove the idea of a multiverse?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
From where was the universe created?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
Where is heaven located in the universe?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
Is there any way to download all seasons of the Big Bang Theory?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Could the universe be a sphere?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
Is the universe also a black hole?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
What is inflation in the universe?
Which national universities are ready for an attempt to clean up the universe from dangerous scrap with a grappler coming out of a small cube?
What is eternal in this universe?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
Where in the universe are we located?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
How would you describe the universe?
Does universal confidence exist?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
Are physics studies over macro (universe, galaxies) the same as micro (string theory, quantum mechanics)? If not, how much do we reconcile as of now?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
How does the universe expand faster than light?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
What is Big Bang Management?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
What do you know about University of Evora?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
Where is the real universe? Inside our mind or outside it?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
What are the best things in the universe?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
What if the universe became a black hole?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
Is different timeline a different universe?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
How does God control our universe?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
On Earth we have the Northern Lights. What kind of visual phenomena might I find in the skies of other planets around the universe?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
If the universe started as a singularity ~13.5 billion years ago, then does our universe stop at the light horizon?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How do we know that parallel universes exist?
On what does this universe stand?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is universe made up of?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
Is there a wall or something at the end of the universe if humans managed to reach it?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
What is the safest place in the universe?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
How can we expand an economy?
I'm 17 and just realized that the universe is indifferent to our suffering. The universe still expands. Life goes on. What is the point?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
How long do you think was the universe in the state of pre-Big Bang?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
Could our universe be fictional?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
What is the multiverse theory?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
What does universal language mean?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
What equation can be written that represents the entire universe?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Why is the universe so strangely shaped? Shouldn't it be round around the Big Bang spot?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
What laws require the existence of dark matter?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Isn't it madness to believe that we are alone in the universe, with all those stars and galaxies and planets that already existed?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
Is the universe a quantum system?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
Why aren't people hyperaware of the infinite size of the universe?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
What is the Big Bang transition?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
Why is it wrong to say "The universe revolves around the Earth"?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
Does Calhoun's Universe 25 experiment portray the limits to urbanisation?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
What is the future according to universal laws?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
Where does our universe lead to?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
I'm trying to wrap my head around the multi-verse theory and levels 1-4 parallel universes. Could someone simplify (dumb) this down for me?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
So, exactly what was inside the Big Bang before it exploded?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Is our universe in a time loop?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
What don’t we know about the universe?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
Due to how vast the universe is, is it possible to find an element that is not on the periodic table?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
Since the universe is expanding, will the cosmic microwave background eventually shift towards the radio spectrum?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
What is the solution if you come to know that the entire universe is against you?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
What is the dead end of the universe?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
What are some shocking facts about the universe?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
What can you tell about KL University?
Why does the universe talk to me?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
If the universe were to rewind back to the beginning and the laws of nature were the same, would everything happen in the exact same way?
Is there anything vaster than space?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
What will happen if a planet bigger/smaller than ours collides with the earth? Will they merge together, or will there be an explosion?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
Suppose the multiple worlds hypothesis were verified, could we receive data from the other universes?
What would the center of the universe look like?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
Which thing in the universe is not relative?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
How much do we know about the universe?
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
Is every bit of space expanding?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
Is it possible that dark matter is present as regular matter in a parallel universe(s) but the same ‘space’ and hence, we cannot identify it?
Is it realistically possible to destroy the entire universe?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
When will the next universe be born?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
Is there any void space in universe?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
To what extent can our universe expand?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Was there any energy before the big bang?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
What analogy is used to describe our solar system, galaxy and universe?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Did Aristarchus of Samos claim that the sun was at the center of the solar system or the then-known universe?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
What do you think is outside the universe?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
Could the universe have intelligence?
How will the universe come to an end?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
Is the universe expanding due to the repulsive force of the big bang or due to the formation of new space?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
What if there is another Earth?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
What is the temperature of universe?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
How can the universe be defined?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
How possible is infinity?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
What is the best feeling in the universe?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
How can nothingness exist?
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
What is the universe without human beings?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
What is the integration of infinite?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
Why should we select you in our university?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
What are some wonders of the universe?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
How much infinite is possible?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
Is the universe in constant growth?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
Is the universe a circle?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
Is the universe infinite in age?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
What theories are behind dark matter?
How can I create a fictional universe?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
What does the border of the universe look like?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
Where does the universe exist?
Is there an end to the universe?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything. Does anything exist at all?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
Is god dreaming the universe?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Is the multi verse theory true?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Why is the universe dark?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
What happens in vast multiverse?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
Why does the universe appear black?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
Who came first, god or the universe?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Is there any end points of our universe?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
What power holds the universe in place?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
Why is the universe frightening?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
What are the benefits of expanders?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
What does our flat universe look like?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
What is the motive force of the universe?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
For how many years has the universe existed?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
How can we define universe?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
What is the depth of the universe?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
What is the scale of the universe?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
What is the nexus of the universe?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
Is the universe symmetric?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
Can we make a universe?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
What’s the best book about the universe?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
How was the Big Bang formed?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
How did life begin in the Universe?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
Do we have another universe?
Do stars warm up the universe?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
What surrounds our Universe?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
What does Hubble's theory state?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
What caused the universe?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
What could be outside of the universe?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
Why is the universe called flat?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
What does the universe lie within?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
Can humans create another universe?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
Where does multiverse end?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
When does a new Yuga start?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
How big is the present-day universe?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
How far is the universe?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
Is everything in the universe random?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
What will the universe be without an earth?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
What is the best way to pull through university?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
How do we define the observable universe?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
How did life start in the universe?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
How do I stop singing in class?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
Can there be other universe?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
What is unique in the universe?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
What is the cosmic egg?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
Why does our universe expand?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
Could our universe be a fake?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
What is beyond the present universe?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
What may be the size of the universe?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
Is the universe a fractal network?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
Is our universe finite?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
How old is our universe?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
How is space time expanding?
What was the first particle in the universe?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
How did this universe came into being?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
What is the beginning of universe?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
Where am I in the universe?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
How will robots describe life?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
What does the universe want?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Are there green stars in the universe?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
Can the universe be a living being?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
What is our universe doing?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
How does the universe work exactly?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
How has the universe inspired music?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
Is there any life in the universe?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
How do we know the universe is changing?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
Does Swaraj University exist?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
What is the center of the universe?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
How was this universe formed/created?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
Does my university matter?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
How will technology help people in future years?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
Why do space and time exist?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
Does the antimatter universe exist?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
What is a parallel earth universe?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
How do you get out of the universe?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
How can we have differing truths?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
Was this universe designed for humans?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
How big is Jain University?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
Why is there a universe?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
What are the theories of the universe?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
What created the cause of big bang?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
How does our universe expand?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
Does the universe actually exist?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Is friction present in the universe?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
Is light attracted by gravity?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
Does the universe end somewhere?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
What is a Monocerotis system?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
How cool is the universe?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
Why did god create us and the universe?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
How cool is the universe?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
What was there before the creation of universe?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
Is the universe real?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
Does universe has a end point?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
How small are we in the universe?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
Why is the universe flat?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
How far is 40 light years?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
What is at the end of the universe?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
What programmed the universe?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
If I wanted to completely destroy the universe (or most of it), what would be the best approach? Feel free to interpret the question as you see fit.
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
Is frictin present in universe?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
Did the initial singularity exist?
How does Hawking's idea that the Universe, in its most primitive form, arose spontaneously from nothing stand up?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
How far we are from center of universe?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
Why universe has formed life?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
What happens when there is no universe?
Could a universe that never has conscious beings within it be said to have existed at all?
Is the human mind wired to understand the universe?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
Does the Conservation of angular momentum (as a 'recognised truth') contradict the big bang Theory?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
Is life a random but inevitable force in the universe?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
What is the purpose of background radiation in the universe?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
How do we know the space is flat?
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
How successful is Quantum Mechanics in explaining the universe?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
What is the source of entropy in the universe?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
Does Quantum Mechanics prove the universe is non-deterministic?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
If you had the capability to visit anywhere in the universe for five seconds, where would you go?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
Are there multiverses?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
What is universe? I’m looking for a precise mathematical definition so that we can talk about other types of universes.
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
From Fringe the TV show, is it possible based on the concept of multiple universes that every persons choice results in a parallel timeline?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
Does universe have friction?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
How did the scientists claimed that the Earth is 4.5 Billion years old?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
Why universe came into existence?
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
How does the university market itself?
If/when the universe stops expanding, will the night sky not be dark?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
How universe is a closed system?
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
What do you think will exist/happen at the edge of the whole universe?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
How is it possible for astronomers to know such exact information about the Universe?
Can something have a single occurrence in a universe of infinite possibilities?
What are the 12 particles of matter that make up the Universe?
How will Universe end? Will it be a big crush or will it be a Big Rip?
New claims state that the universe has no direction. Doesn't this contradict the previously assumed theory that the universe is expanding?
Does the universe learn, is there inherent learning in the universe based on physical laws ?
Is our visible Universe a larger version of the stimulation of star-forming molecular gas found in the galactic halo of a supermassive black hole?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
What comes after the death of our universe? A new universe? Does said new universe have the possibility of being like ours, with the same creatures?
What would it mean for the fundamental nature of the Universe if Superfluid Vacuum Theory were proven thereby uniting the ToE?
What exploded in the Big Bang?
Does expansion of space means celestial bodies and particles moving away from each other?
With trillions of stars & planets, intelligent life must statistically exist in the Universe. When can/why can't we end religions & move on?
Can we be at the initial stage of the big-bang explosion which is actually making the universe to expand and accelerate?
How big could the largest conscious thing in the universe be?
Is it possible that two universes projecting in opposite directions were created during the big bang?
Can pure chance control order?
Is it possible for humans to travel between parallel universe?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
Are there multi universe?
Cosmologically speaking, what supports exist for the notion that the laws of nature could/would differ among different universes within a multiverse?
If you could make anything in the universe sentient, what would you pick and why?
Why we are not still able to find the start and end point of universe?
What would happen if Independence Day happened in The Expanse universe at the time the show takes place?
Due to recent findings in the origin of the universe, is the big bang theory started to get outdated?
Do we truly know why physics equations are the way they are?
Is it possible that dark energy is the same as dark matter but outside the universe?
To find Graham’s number if we started at the beginning of the universe to the end, using all Google computing power—how far would we be?
Is our universe start from a big bang like what big bank theory show?
In the Canon Animorphs universe what were the Kelbrid like?
The larger the body or any object in universe grows, the cooler it becomes? Is it so? Why?
If the progression of time is linear as Prof Muller stated in an earlier answer—does this linearity extend way back to the Big Bang?
Why is the observable universe roughly the same length in all directions from earth?
Is there an order of quantity in the number of elementary particles that exists throughout the universe?
Can we bend the universe?
Do scientists at NASA believe in the multi-verse theory and time warps?
How does dark energy stretch out the universe?
How would the universe be if empty space was truly empty?
I want to reconnect with the Universe. How do I do it and what are the steps?
Is Lawrence Krauss talking nonsense about humans destroying the universe?
Does the Universe exist only because we're here to observe it?
If God has the power to create an infinite universe, why doesn't he solve world hunger?
In a static finite universe why would all the objects always collapse to the centre? Why won't they be able to orbit the centre forever?
Can you find out the creator of this universe?
If time came into being after the universe was created, how can the universe have a beginning?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
Can the stars and galaxies be seen as cells of a living universe and the neural structured dark matter, the neurons of the living universe?
What is universal holding cabinate?
What is the probability that we are the only life forms in the whole universe?
Is university really intense?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
Will looking at the universe destroy it?
Which was the first word in the universe?
Is it a proven fact that we are living in a clusters of universe called multiverse?
Why did dark energy begin to dominate the universe?
What happens after our universe dies?
Why is god always unfair only to me in this entire universe?
Is there a possibility to live forever, by going in space?
Did god create the universe or do you believe in the big bang theory?
If God knows the future, then the universe is deterministic. Where is the free will?
How can the Big Bang Theory be summarized and explained?
Is there a universe without paradoxes?
Why do theoretical physicists peddle conflicting theories about the Big Bang (finite universe) and parallel worlds (infinite universe)?
When will we live multiverse life?
What does not vibrate in this universe?
When did human race realise that there is a universe?
What are the alternatives to a "block universe" theory of time? What are the most accepted? What just fascinates you?
What can you say about atheist, that the universe is a product of big bang theory?
Is the universe the surface of a 4d ball?
Would I be right if I say that every point in universe is the center of the universe?
What is a good evidence that supports the Big Bang theory?
Could life be a multi-dimensional existence, with a better you silently watching the stupid you from a parallel universe?
Do elephants exist in other universes?
How can I open my mind to the complexity of the Universe?
Will it be possible for humankind to colonize the universe in the future?
Are galaxies expanding?
What is the smallest change in the laws of physics that would result in the end of humans?
Why would a 5-dimensional universe with four space dimensions and one time dimenion be unstable?
There is any object in universe, which is not under the influence of gravity?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
Does anyone wonder what is this universe? What is the meaning of our existence?
If there is no change in universe does time lose its significance?
Can the "speeding up" of the universal expansion be an illusion because space is getting stretched more on the outside than the inside?
What is the total charge of universe?
Does every atom in the universe have some attractive effect to every other existing atom in the universe, due to gravity in function of distance?
How do we say universe is 13.82 billion years old?
How do we there is not some huge amount of matter enclosing the universe pulling the universe toward it rather than dark energy pushing us apart?
Are there any other Earth's in the world whole universe?
If the universe is made of Higgs boson, then what is dark matter?
Is the fabric of space expanding, or only the matter within it?
Is there any prediction that can be made or more understanding that can be gained by interpreting gravity as a result of expansion?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
Are there more stars in the observable than beyond the observable universe?
What prevents the Universe from collapsing?
Do modern Cosmologists really have any definite answers as to the origin of the Universe?
If a universe does come after ours, is there a possibility elephants and other species on earth would live there?
Is our universe expanding with acceleration or retardation?
What was before the Big Bang and when did time begin?
How were the galaxies and the stars formed after the Big Bang?
Do humans fit in the universe?
Can the theory that there are alternate universes be tested?
What is the key to silent infinite vastness of now?
Can we bend universes?
If universe is expanding according to Hubble's law, then are some galaxies moving from us more at a speed more than speed of light?
Did time and space exist within the singularity that preceded the Big Bang?
What does Dave Consiglio think about the One Electron Universe theory?
If the universe expands faster than the speed of light, how is it possible to travel to an intergalactic destination with the hope of reaching there?
Even if the Universe aproaches its end (Big Freeze), would Gravity or Dark Energy cease to exist?
Can there ever be a civilization out there that is so advanced that it can create universes?
If for some reason the entire universe ceased to exist except for our own galaxy, would we here on Earth go on as usual?
How big is the earth to ants, compared to humans and the known universe?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, does that mean it being drawn to something?
You can have all the knowledge of how the universe works, but there is a 60% chance that your brain will be literally fried, do you accept the offer?
To what size will the observable universe grow?
How is the age of the Universe calculated when time is relative?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
When our universe is expanding, do the celestial bodies move further away from each other? Why or why not ?
Do discoveries related to the holographic universe point also to the black hole origin of the universe?
If the matter, out of which our solar system arose, contained more solids/rocks than gases would our 'Sun' be made of rock?
How we know that the Universe is not dead?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
What is the use of spending billions of dollar in space programs?
In what ways is the universe changing today?
What is the margin of the universe?
Why is mathematics so effective in describing the laws of the universe?
How is the age of the known universe determined?
Are there infinite big bangs in the Universe?
Is there is anything or any particle in Universe that do not have energy but still Exists?
Why do astronomers use present tense in speaking of expanding universe as the evidence has traveled billions of years to be seen?
Does the stretching of space from universal expansion slow time? If so, could that be the reason of the redshift instead of an "increasing" expansion speed?
What would happen, if an object that operated under different physical laws entered our universe and was composed of something entirely different than atoms?
What would differ, if anything, travelling through the Andromeda Galaxy versus the Milky Way?
In an alternate universe, every planet is a cube. What are the effects?
How do we know that there are parallel universes?
Is it possible to find a planet as big as our sun in our universe?
What is red shift? What does it tell about the universe?
Does every object in the Universe vibrate in a frequency?
Can you destroy the universe by messing with time?
Is there any theory or research before the Big Bang?
Has there always been a universe?
Does a time turner create an alternate universe or does it simply transport people to the past?
Is big bang an ongoing process?
Is there a particular direction we point telescopes to find the oldest galaxies? Or can they be found in every direction?
Can a star busting attack, as in Star Wars canon, tear the very fabric of the universe?
How do we know the Earth is 4.5 billion years old?
Why are astronomers saying the farthest out galaxies that are more red shifted prove the universe is not going to collapse?
What would happen if a hollow tube was put through the earth’s atmosphere?
If environment of a distant planet was made sustainable for us, would you prefer to go there?
What are the chances of all the smallest chances in the universe to occur at once?
What are the fundamental laws of physics who rule our universe?
Billions of years ago when the universe was much denser, did time go faster than today?
Why do people think that somebody or something has created this physical universe?
How many light years can the universe expand in a few seconds?
What is the rarest thing in the universe?
How many bytes of information has been generated by the universe since the big bang?
If universe starts at Big Bang (13.7 billion years ago), according to evolution, how much we were lucky (by percent) to become an intelligent being?
How can everywhere be the center of the universe?
Could advanced civilizations be protecting the universe?
Would any of the Everyone Dies scenarios cause the immediate destruction of the universe as we know it?
Is it fair for one person to be responsible for the future of humanity?
What are the most interesting planets in the Universe?
How do we know how many galaxies are in the universe?
How stability of atoms could be affected with expansion of universe?
What are the main flaws of the theory that the whole universe we know is inside of a black hole?
Hypothetically speaking, what lies beyond the multiverse?
What would be left if the universe was destroyed, and what would it look like?
Could it be possible that we already know everything there is to know about the universe?
If the universe collapsed to a point, how would that be different to a black hole?
Why not build a simulation game about traveling the universe and exploring it solely based on real findings and observations?
What properties would the matter left over at the heat death of the universe posses?
If you could and did remove all space in the universe, what would you be left with?
Is dark energy evidence of our universe flowing into another universe?
I would like to obtain a deep, fundamental understanding of the universe through science/physics. What is the best plan of action to achieving this?
How did the universe get its name?
An atom to an universe, does the scales ends here or there is possible scope for expansion?
Do we have information on the ancient star that generated the solar system?
If there are different laws of physics somewhere in the universe, would they still be universal to the extent that the basic principles are the same?
The Atoms we are made of once were once part of a sun. Does that mean that atoms do not die? If so then what would happen if the universe collapsed?
Could the curvature of space potentially be measured accurately enough to determine the shape/size of the universe?
Are the galaxies orbitting the Milkyway in a flat plane?
Could Universe be modelled in thermodynamic terms?
Planck length and time act as a characteristic lower bound . Could we expect a corresponding characteristic upper bound?
Did Big Bang occur in the space full of Vaccum?
How we determined the rate of universe expansion?
If I threw a baseball from the edge of the universe what would happen?
If you were to instantly move 13.82 billion light years away, would the observable universe grow?
Which Came first: 'The laws of Physics' or ' The God' (Creator)?
How would an atom behave if it were alone in a flat universe?
If the human brain is so amazing. Is it possible that there is something in the universe that is above rationality?
What would happen if you would place a black hole inside of a black hole?
What would happen to the universe if pi=1?
How plausible is the theory that the big bang was caused by a supermassive black hole from a different universe and dimension?
Science can't explain the origins of 'the big bang' yet also states 'nothing can come from nothing'. Surely this theory is therefore incorrect?
Did matter exist before big bang?
Do you think the human race as we know it now will every be able to find out what event happened that created the universe?
If light diminishes at the inverse square law how is it that any light at all reaches us from distant stars?
Why humans are not designed to perceive extra dimensions of the universe, if it exists?
Why steady state theory is not use instead of big bang theory?
If we looked at a star 10 billion light years away, wouldn't that star actually be dead by now even though we can see it as if it was alive?
How do I select our course in demeed university it depnds on marks or our wish?
Is there infinite mass in this universe?
Because space is invisible, what is the best way to define it?
Why should there be a reason for everything occurring in the universe?
If you do not receive your proficiency certificate from reputed universities, inspite of completing your course, whom do you approach as the last resort?
Can we look upon the universe as a big melt with planets, Suns and nebulae as phase transitions in a vacuum still shaped as a Klein bottle?
If the universe is a simulation, why is it so large?
Is the universe older than 13.7 billion years old?
If space is cold, why doesn't it extinguish the flames from a rocket?
Why is the center of every planet and every galaxy hot and dense?
How much time has elapsed on Earth if I travel to a planet 12 billion light years away through a wormhole?
Is the multiverse theory (which is everything can't be explained on the basis of matter) an attempt to escape reality?
Is the universe expanding at a universal speed (No pun intended) or will we begin to close the gap on older matter in the future?
Is the entire knowledge of the universe knowable?
Is there a law of physics which states that mass must be the product of a system that has no mass? I'm thinking of the pre-Big Bang.
Is it possible that dark energy is consciousness, and that our collective consciousness makes up the fabric of our universe?
Is space expanding or galaxies are moving apart in the same space?
How do our presence effect the universe, why is our presence so important for the universe that we exist?
Why are humans so mean and cynical in the Alien universe?
Do you ever feel like the universe is on your side watching out for you?
Are there older and similar sitcoms to The Big Bang Theory?
If the speed of light was instantaneous, what would the night sky look like?
Why do scientists say that there may be many universes making up the multiverse instead of the other way round?
How would you think of the universe being created, isn't that insane?
If you take out the vacuum energy of spacetime do you get the same as what is beyond our universe?
If the universe isn't infinite, then what is outside of the universe, and what is the difference between the inside and outside?
Is infinite equal to infinite?
How much more should the universe expand to reach a temperature of 0 K?
Is there a universal big dream explanation?
Is it possible to prevent earth from rotating?
Is it more likely that, when mankind finally meets an extra-terrestrial civilization, their bodies will be much larger, or much smaller than ours?
Why does gravity slow down the expansion of the Universe?
Are there 7.5 billion universes?
If the universe is expanding with an accelerating constant how can the universe be so homogeneous?
What is the expansion of the universe? What is beyond the universe?
What might life as humans be like in the far distant future as heat death of the Universe becomes a significant issue?
Do you consider the phrase "The brain is the most complex thing in the universe" to be justified?
What is the fabric of cosmos made of? How can objects in cosmos curve space(time) and create gravity?
Under our current theoretical assumptions, if all matter was eliminated from the universe, would space still exist?
Does the multiple universe theory support a universe where there are no multiple universes?
When we get to Mars, will we be able to communicate with people on earth like we see in the movies? How would we do it?
How old could the oldest civilization in the universe be?
Have we discovered 6 parallel universes as explained in YouTube videos of Edward Mentill?
If space is expanding, what is after space stops?
Is there any place in the universe that is void of all three: dark energy, dark matter, and baryonic matter?
What if the Big Bang was originated by the Big Rip of a precedent universe?
What is time? Is there any existence of time in our universe or we are just assuming it?
Is creationism really different from big bang assumption? Why our mind needs a "beginning"?
Is there any material in this whole universe which cannot be boiled?
Is there any evidence of a multiverse?
Does the fact that the sky is dark prove that the universe is finite?
Why are there hundreds of billions of galaxies instead of one humungous Galaxy?
Can multiverses occupy the same space-time, and if so, can the creation of new multiverses explain the acceleration of expansion?
Could future technology and physics control and master space and time universes and everything that's beyond the Multiverse?
If there's an edge to a dinner plate, why isn't there an edge to the universe?
What is meant by tangent universe?
What would the universe look like if at the "Big Bang" all of the law of Thermodynamics (except the 1st) were reversed?
Is what this person says in this lecture true?
What if the bug that scientists say we need to prove the universe is a simulation is actually the universe?
We perceive the universe in three dimensions. So how could flatness of the observable universe be explained in this context?
Why was the unimaginably dense singularity of the big bang able to explode while black holes cannot?
In a perfect would if you could bend the universe to your will, how would academia function? What is the dream?
When the universe ends can I assume it will become a giant black hole?
If the Big Bang theory is correct, then why didn't all matter clump into one super massive orb/planet, but instead formed into local groups of matter?
Why do people think God is all loving when nature is hostile and God is obviously malevolent?
How could we estimate the amount of stars in our universe?
How do we know how large the universe is?
Is it likely that the missing mass in the universe is actually just mass we are unable to see, like the recent Crater 2 Galaxy?
Why should we exist? In a universe with billions of organisms, what meaning does our existence add?
What are the basis of creation of this magnanimous universe considering all its intricacies at sub-atomic and celestial scale?
Where can I watch the big bang theory online?
Since everything is moving away from the center of the universe, is there any cosmological body that is at rest in respect to everything?
Why did the universe continue expanding without collapsing into a black hole at the moment the density was different everywhere?
If the universe is infinite doesn't that mean that everything happens at once?
Is there a parallel universe with a parallel me?
If energy can neither be created nor destroyed, how is it that the Big Bang theory is still viable?
Can there be meaning in a meaningless universe?
Who planted the seed that led to the Big Bang?
Does dark energy increase as the universe expands?
Do you think Human-like creatures have existed before (or do now), elsewhere in the Universe?
Is the Universe one big atom?
Why do people believe science when they already know their reality?
If you had had the power to create the universe (Almighty), would you have created it the way it is, where man has unlimited wants but has limited resources?
Is the universe defined as only physical i.e. excluding the unseen such as our thoughts, consciousness or (if any) the 5th-11th dimensions?
If there was a “start of time”, then what happened in the universe before time started?
What is the radius of our Milky Way galaxy?
What significance will Sagittarius A* have on the collision with Andromeda?
Can you rationalize with theories in physics how a person who has passed still exists in different timeline, dimensions, or in deterministic universe?
Should I read the paper "The Mathematical Universe" or the book "Our Mathematical Universe"?
I believe that space fluid creates to rotate all the planets and stuff in the universe, is it true?
What if the universe stopped expanding for 2 seconds?
How likely are there to be "Multiverses"?
How large is the known universe?
Can quantum entanglement hypothetically be used to communicate over VAST distances, like from one end of a galaxy to another or from galaxy to galaxy?
From a religious perspective, what is the point of other planets, stars, and the universe? Why did your God create them?
Are there static objects in the universe?
Does the dark matter present in the universe cause any distortion to the speed of the spacecraft Voyager 1?
If universe is a hologram, is everything pre-destined?
Does apparent randomness in the universe disprove God?
Do legitimate physicists really entertain the idea that the universe is a computer simulation?
Will humans ever understand why there is a universe?
Is it that relativity and quantum physics do not oppose each one another, but that they actually do fit with each other?
If you removed all particles and radiation from the universe, what would the temperature be?
The big bang was formed by a singularity, blackholes are also a singularity. So did black holes form space and matter?
Where can I find material and accessible proof that the big bang happened or that Gods created the universe?
Is the sun orbiting the Milky Way Galaxy or some other Galaxy?
How did the universe come into MCQ?
What are the Friedmann models of the universe?
Does shadow universe actually exixst?
If the Big Bang happened, and space is supposed to expand in a spherical way, then why, according to Einstein, is space flat?
How do I defend myself against a theist in a cosmological debate?
If 90% of the universe is dark matter/energy, is it possible that intelligent aliens are made of dark matter and that's why can't we detect them ?
If it were possible to travel faster than c, and I departed from any given point, and flew through the universe would I return to my starting point?
Are the orbits of all planets in a same plane geometrically?
Which is the perfect random experiment in the universe?
If the universe was created as virtual reality known as a simulation by an advanced race, why would there be a need for a Big Bang?
Do you believe that we as humans are incapable of accepting that the universe ‘just is’ - that there is no 'bigger picture' or 'designer'?
Is the universe really trillions of years old?
Have you ever stared into the vastness of the universe and pondered over the futility of human achievements?
What if we discovered the fifth force in the universe but it was love?
Can the one-electron universe theory turn out to be true?
Can anyone have an idea about how the universe come into existence?
Is time intrinsically linear, or are we as humans only experiencing it in a linear sense?
How can we accurately state that the universe is made of 72.1% dark energy, 23.3% dark matter and 4.6% baryonic mass?
What if we somehow discover that we are the only life in the entire universe?
If there is no God and whole universe came into being all of itself, then why don't we see purely unique elements coming into being after some time?
If we really have a parallel universe, can we mentally reach ourselves in the other universe?
What is our purpose in this universe?
Are we really of an holographic universe?
We make a new galaxy like Milky Way by bringing 300B stars. How much time is needed to be in equilibrium if the gravity speed is equal to light speed?
What are some unknown but interesting facts about the Milky way (our Galaxy)?
Why can scientists detect galaxies millions/billions of light years away, yet can't confirm the existence of Planet 9?
What keeps the universe balanced and how?
If you have a chance to send a message or photo to extraterrestrial life to describe yourself or your life, what will you choose to send?
Can we calculate the entire energy required to create our universe?
Are there alien in the universe?
Do you believe in God or The theory of the Big Bang, and why?
What is the origin of energy in our universe?
Does the flow of particles since the big bang theory control our life?
Can the universe splitting process in many worlds be observer independent?
How many directions actually exist in the universe and how are they defined?
How do we know that the universe will die?
How can the universe continue to expand if the total energy balances to zero?
Is the universe continually cooling down? Why?
How can there be both entropy and order in the universe?
Suppose some species survive the great expansion of the universe, what will happen to them when proton's stability ends?
Do the old Indian Scriptures like Vedas and Upanishads answer the question of Modern Physics about our Universe?
Living in a universe with infinite possibilities, how do people stay focused only on primary needs and not move on?
Is there any material in this whole universe which cannot be boiled?
Can we change something in the universe?
Is there any proof of expanding universe?
What would exactly happen if the solar system encountered a clump of dark matter?
If time travel were possible, would the act of changing future events necessitate the existence of other universes due to the nature of space-time?
Can multiverses occupy the same space-time, and if so, can the creation of new multiverses explain the acceleration of expansion?
Can 13.6 billion years of time pass without someone to observe that time passing?
If the hologram theory is correct about the creation of the universe, does that mean aliens made us?
How did the matter exist at the time of the Big Bang if there were no time or space for it to exist in?
How can you make me understand the concept of parallel universe in a layman's term?
Is a World Space Agency better in improving our knowledge about Cosmos than say agencies of separate countries like NASA, JAXA, ISRO, ESA?
I would like a discussion. What if the black hole was a void with substance like water or other?
Since there is no edge of the universe, can we draw a geometric interpretation for the shape of the universe?
As there are innumerable universes, is it possible that we may get our next birth in a different universe?
We perceive the universe in three dimensions. So how could flatness of the observable universe be explained in this context?
When the timeline of the Big Bang is discussed, what reference frame is implied?
When the universe ends can I assume it will become a giant black hole?
Since the universe created you and me, does that mean it's technically God?
If the Big Bang theory is correct, then why didn't all matter clump into one super massive orb/planet, but instead formed into local groups of matter?
Do you think that our universe is part of something much larger, outside of existence and reality?
Why do people think God is all loving when nature is hostile and God is obviously malevolent?
The universe may be infinite. Ok, it's very big, how can it be conjectured to be infinite (given the observable radius)?
In our universe planets consume space and is surrounded by "empty" space. Could there be an anti-universe that would look like Swiss cheese?
Do universities actually profit from the athletic teams or do some actually cost the university money?
Could the universe be moving? We are going about 1.2 million miles an hour.
Is the universe expanding like a grenade exploding in all directions or like a guns directional explosion?
Is the multiverse theory possible or even probable in real life?
What if black holes are wormholes to the edge of the universe?
How much time will take to create a new star in our universe?
If dark matter was removed only from the earth's atmosphere, would we notice it?
Is it possible that the rapid expansion of the universe is caused by the vanishing of mass which frees the compressed space around it?
Do you believe we will ever be able to travel to another universe?
Is their any real difference between the idea of creationism and the idea of a 'Big Bang' or other comparable theory?
How energy came into existence in the universe?
Will we ever be able to hands-on tweak the algorithms of novelty and archetype distribution?
What is the current opinion on Michael Talbots's book 'Holographic Universe'?
What if the universe is an organization, God is the employer, and rest all of us are employees, what could be the mission and vision?
Is it possible that there’s a planet in the universe where time goes slower or faster compared to earth?
If Deadpool has cancer, why hasn't the entire universe turned into a blob of flesh?
If you are immortal and can't die no matter what, what will the end of the universe/existence be like?
How important is the VY Canis Majoris to the universe?
What is the percentage of randomness in the Universe?
I am the size of the Milky Way Galaxy, how do I perceive the universe around me?
Does the success of techniques like meditation and reiki more or less prove that the universe is a simulation?
What is the radius of our Milky Way galaxy?
Is our brain, mind, or consciousness connected to the universe?
Do planets twinkle?
What has everyone convinced the entire universe collapsed?
What are Superclusters and which one is the Milky Way located in?
Is life simply a result of the Big Bang, chance, and evolution, or was there a god involved?
Can quantum entanglement hypothetically be used to communicate over VAST distances, like from one end of a galaxy to another or from galaxy to galaxy?
Are there any cosmologists on Quora who don't believe that the universe is still expanding?
Does the universe have any memory of the previous states of things?
Are there static objects in the universe?
Is it possible that black holes create other universes and big bang was actually an exit point, releasing matter and energy the black hole consumed?
Does apparent randomness in the universe disprove God?
If humans are considered to be a pattern of molecules then is it possible that there exists an exact copy of us in this universe?
Would the "theory of everything" disprove the "multiverse" theory?
Can I say that the earth takes up room in our universe?
If you removed all particles and radiation from the universe, what would the temperature be?
Does an increase in entorpy of the universe cause an increase in time or is it the other way round? Why?
How are the percentages of dark matter and dark energy calculated?
If you were to be God and re-design the building blocks of the universe, is there anything you could improve on?
What is the last point of universe?
What is the early universe?
I don't believe in death - I believe that our consciousness creates a new reality, and that parallel universes may indeed exist. What are your thoughts?
If you approached the event horizon of a supermassive black hole, would you see the world disappear?
How many scales are there in physics of the universe?
Why is the universe a hologram?
What makes you feel like you have been transcended to another universe?
Time flows in one direction. it expands, contracts, but never goes back. If the universe is expanding, does that mean all dimensions flow one way?
I need to make a wormhole project for school. How do I make a miniature wormhole?
Are the simulation universe and holographic universe the same theory?
What are the Friedmann models of the universe?
What can completely destroy the universe?
If the Big Bang happened, and space is supposed to expand in a spherical way, then why, according to Einstein, is space flat?
What was the first element in our universe?
What is the supervoid? How was it created, and how big is it?
Is the speed the universe can expand limited?
Are the orbits of all planets in a same plane geometrically?
How would you define the parallel universe with space and time?
Which is the perfect random experiment in the universe?
If the universe was created as virtual reality known as a simulation by an advanced race, why would there be a need for a Big Bang?
What do we know of the universe's topography?
What would you have done differently as a student in university?
How do we know our universe is moving in a certain direction?
Can the one-electron universe theory turn out to be true?
Can anyone have an idea about how the universe come into existence?
Let us assume a universe that cannot be quantized. An "analog" universe? How might it work?
Is time intrinsically linear, or are we as humans only experiencing it in a linear sense?
Do you think there is another universe beyond blackhole?
What do you think about universe? Why are we here?
What are the all other theories about universe like great glaciation, solipsism?
Is there a possible explicit rule to every pattern, and everything in the universe?
How do we know if the universe has an edge?
Which are the things or laws or concepts in universe difficult for human mind to explain and are beyond imagination?
If there is no God and whole universe came into being all of itself, then why don't we see purely unique elements coming into being after some time?
What if repulsive forces cease to exist in the universe?
If our universe ends in a big rip, will its last state be a quantum vacuum? Will there be the possibility of a new Big Bang then?
Who created the grand designer, who created the multiverse, and does the answer lie within the multiverse itself?
What's 96 Percent of the Universe Made Of?
Since we are a super small point of the universe, shouldn't we stop caring about our stupid problems, and understand our uselessness?
Would you rather have humanity alone in the universe, or not?
Are Saturn's rings being pulled further and further out? If yes, will they ever stop expanding?
What are the theoritical explainations for dark matter coalesing into networks and filaments rather than ever larger spinning structures?
If we could say the universe is expanding, is there any universe which is contracting exponentially?
Why energy and mass of universe is constant?
Is it possible that God created the multiverse, and the first races of a universe in that multiverse reached ascension, only to become that first God?
If universe is expending and at a certain point will reach lets say point A than what this point A will be called where universe will reach in future?
Could our universe be a true vacuum expanding inside a universe of false vacuum?
Will the universe end today?
What existed a light year away from the big bang?Why space formed after the big bang?
How old do Muslims think the universe is?
Is it possible that in our universe things exist that are completely undetectable?
How many asteroids are in the observable universe?
As far as galaxies go, is the Milky Way bigger or smaller than the average?
What is the significance of number 432 ? How is it related to humans and cosmos?
Is the universe expanding and contracting at the same time?
If space is expanding faster than previously thought, does that mean Hubble's constant will change?
Can Pakistan make MIRV without expanding its space program?
Is a black hole a point?
If the universe is expanding faster than the speed of light then why can we see distant objects?
Is it a law of the universe that if you are grateful for something the universe will bless you?
Will the universe be destroyed one day?
Where does our solar system exist inside the Milky Way? Is it at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy?
Can science explain what happened before the big bang?
What would happen if electrons disappeared from the universe?
Has the Universe payed you back for your good/bad actions?
How was matter in the Universe created in the first place?
What existed before the Big Bang, and does it go beyond time, gravity, matter, space and energy?
How does the dark energy cause the universe to expand? What has dark matter to do with it?
What would be the most probable reason of 2000-era if the universe were computer simulation?
What do they mean when they say the universe is expanding? Are new bodies being created?
When, why and how did people of long ago start speculating about intelligent life in other parts of the universe?
If the galaxies of other Big Bang's were rushing toward us, how would they appear to us?
Do radio waves propagate because empty space in the surrounding universe is expanding?
If there was ever a parallel universe, what would it be like?
If the universe is an "ancestor simulation" would it make any difference to us?
If we are not alone in the universe then are we prepared for alien attacks?
What scientific evidence is there that the universe started from a singularity and not something close to a singularity?
What are the universal elements of protoplasm?
In the future, could we simulate an entire universe, and live inside of it?
If we exist in a black hole as some theories suggest, how do the laws of physics break down when we observe other black holes?
Is there only one Big Bang? Is there any possibility of having series of bangs or continuing bangs?
Is the present universe bigger on the inside than it is on the outside past universe?
What is the function of the Universe?
How would a human being observe the universe if he/she was the size of the Milky way Galaxy?
Is it possible to travel to a parallel universe in your dream?
Does quantum physics say that we live in a "digital" universe?
Why do only 1% of the mankind succeed in making a mark in the universe while the 99% fail?
Can matter from universe be in another universe where matter is different?
What would be the address of the universe?
How in gods name do they extrapolate the temperature of the early universe with math?
Do multiple universes really exist?
Why is the universe is so vast?
When the universe ends, (if it ever does) could another "Big Bang" happen?
Who discovered the universe is expanding?
How is the universe expanding? Is it expanding spiral?
If our solar system and the Milky way Galaxy are moving through the universe, then doesn't time slow down for us as per Einstien?
Could a physicist and the future create baby universes in the lab?
What is the roundest object in the known universe?
If 2 parallel universes (mirror images of each other) are about to collide, then what would be the state of the hydrogen atoms of universe 1?
Can the infinite universe theory still hold true even though it postulates that there must be a universe where it's incorrect?
How long has gravity been influencing the structure and evolution of the universe?
If the multiverse exists, is it possible that our universe has already been collided with others? How to verify it?
If the universe is expanding, does it have a center point? If so, what is that?
Could negative mass during the Big Bang account for the disparate proportions of matter and antimatter in our universe today?
Could a super artificial intelligent being create universes in the future?
Did the Quran talk about the universe and the Big Bang?
What is the relationship between the acceleration of the universe and the existence of dark energy?
What would happen if we lived in supersymmetry universe with only opposite superpartners according to this universe?
How do we know our universe wasn't created as a silly science project?
Can anyone tell which thing in the universe never dies?
If this universe is a simulation, then what is it a simulation of?
What would be our universe with 2 temporal dimensions instead of one?
Is there some greater planes of existence, that goes beyond matter, energy and time, with Completely foreign concepts, not found in our universe?
What is one key feature of the universe that inflation explains?
General relativity doesn't prohibits space to expand faster than the speed of light. What do we know about these particular parts of the Universe?
Does Islam support the Theory of Multiverse?
If there are parallel universes,where are those located and why can't we access them?
Presuming there is no free will, is the multiverse possible?
Why isn't there antimatter in the universe?
What is the significance of the frequencies 432 Hz and 528 Hz?
Are there any events in the universe that happens instantaneously?
Is it possible that when our universe destroys itself (theory), there could be a new Big Bang?
If the universe was cooled to absolute zero would time stop?
Where does all the energy of the universe originate from?
Is it possible that there were prior "Big Bangs" before the "Big Bang" we know?
If the universe is expanding, what is expanding and how does this influence the laws of physics? Are forces and their fields affected by expansion?
What if humans made this universe to test his own intelligence?
Is it possible that we have an entirely different universe next to ours?
When our universe ends, will a new one be created, and is there a possibility of it having our solar system and all its creatures in it?
If the universe is infinite and expanding, is the edge moving at light speed and if so has time relativistically stopped at the edge?
Do atoms expand too due to the expansion the Universe?
Why does a plant grow upwards when gravity should pull it down?
What will the universe be like if there are no black holes?
Would an object in space, even a small one, have an gravitational effect on everything else in the universe?
Would the age of the universe (approximately 13.82 billion years) appear the same to someone on Earth and someone who is a billion light years away?
In our universe, is it impossible to have something that is lower than three dimensional?
Which are the most important events in the development of the universe?
If an alien in a Galaxy 65 million light years away is looking at through a telescope right now they are watching dinosaurs is this possible?
What would be the propagation speed of a change in the false vacuum state of the universe?
How would the universe describe itself on a dating profile?
Does monpole exist anywhere in the universe?
Does our every action/choice creates another universe and if so, what happens to all these universes?
Does the prevailing understanding of the Big Bang Theory begin with a singularity at "time zero," or very shortly after time zero?
Do stars only exist in galaxies?
Why is the universe anisotropic?
What is the probability of intelligent life happening at the instant moment of our civilization which performs innovation?
What are the most retarded questions in the universe?
What proportion of matter in the universe is composed of atoms?
Is it really possible that the pre-big-bang singularity was hot?
How do cosmologists use the Big Bang model to explain the history of the universe?
Are negative numbers purely hypothetical or do they exist somewhere in the universe?
What is the problem in accepting that the universe/multiverse has an eternal cycle of bang-crunch, or one part of its expanding and another crunching?
If the universe is expanding then why does the distance between the planets of our solar system is increasing?
Does light always travel at the same speed in all parts of the universe?
Stephen Hawking says there exists a universe where the Beatles never split. Will we ever be able to visit that universe and bring back some tunes?
What are the realms of the universe in Hinduism?
How come universe expands with speed more than speed of light?
How can I understand dark matter?
What happens to universe if every object starts universe starts free fall?
What is the infinite future like?
Before the universe, was it a completely dark void with nothing?
Is it possible at any location in the universe to see the same object in different periods of time?
Is the universe a linear plane, and if so, would it be quicker in this regard to exit the universe "vertically" rather than horizontally?
Why is universe endless?
Can somebody hear my problem and the pain I am going through?
What will it take for humans to control the very dynamics of universe?
What are the major eras in the history of the universe?
Did lithium hydride form after the big bang and before the formation of stars?
Have you ever been struck speechless by the beauty of the universe?
What would happen if all stars combined in the universe?
Does light travel forever or does it eventually fade?
When we study the universe are we really only looking as far as the capability of the human mind?
If the earth was shrunk down to a size of an atom how big will the universe be?
Do you think that there is someone who control this universe?
If the universe was spawned from a hypermassive black hole, would that account for the expansion of the universe?
If nothing at all is self consistent, then where does mass, energy, particles, or anything, come from?
If the universe is infinite and there are infinite galaxies, does that mean there's a 100% chance that my double lives on a duplicate Earth?
How could you prove that universe dose not have infinite mass?
What would happen if I fired a bullet in space going faster than the rate of expansion of the universe?
If you could travel anywhere in the universe, where would you go, and why?
Why does the universe need a beginning? Can't it always have been here? Isn't that the nature of what reality "is?"
What if distant galaxies red shift due to much elusive matter between them and us?
At what point will we definitively know, that intelligent life exists in no other part of the galaxy or universe?
Can there be a second place in the Universe where the human can stay as comfortable as on earth without the use of any extra protective clothing?
How come we can see other galaxies with the naked eye, but not the center of the Milky Way?
How can an electron be a point with no size if there is a minimum size in the universe (Planck length)?
What stream should I take after completing school, if I want to study about Human Origin or Universe Origin?
Intresting facts of universe?
Is there a part of the universe where we would be considered microscopic?
What happens to universe without time? What is the time?
Could a black hole rotate at one billion rpm's?
If our universe is a finite volume without an edge (3D space), does it mean that it is contained in a 4D space (finite or infinite)?
If everything tends to disorder in the universe, how did it all get ordered in the first place?
If our universe is a drop of water, and galaxies are molecules, what would be the smallest observable celestial body with the current technology?
What prevented the universe from becoming a black hole after the big bang?
How many stars are known to have orbiting planets?
What is the simplest fundamental principle that describes nature/universe?
Is there a possibility of particles not related to atoms whatsoever in this universe?
Is the multiverse theory flawed?
If the universe is infinite in time, why didn't it succumb to entropy infinitely long ago?
Was there a period of inflation following the Big Bang? Roger Penrose doesn’t think so, according to his book Cycles of Time.
Why do gluonic fields appear in the Universe?
How does Newton's theory of gravity show that the universe can't be static?
Would the world be better off knowing something so simple about the way the universe began, but could also be used by anyone to harm one another?
If the multiverse theory is true, is it possible that in some universes fictional characters exist, e.g Dragon Ball characters?
How has dark matter played such a major role in the formation of galaxies and larger structures throughout the universe?
Do theories ever imply that a certain particle may exist, but can't be created by anything in the universe?
If sound cannot travel in a vacuum, why does science use the term "Big Bang"? Is it to keep the Almighty God out of the equation?
How old is the universe and the earth according to Hinduism?
How can we see Galaxy IC 2066 0 PGC 15019 which is 108 Mega parsecs away from earth when universe is expanding faster than speed of light?
If Earth became tidally-locked to the Sun, how would Earth look like given the following pictures?
If the entire time line of our universe is being written on a 5th dimensional plane or paper, how would we know?
Is it possible that there may be a different understanding to the universe, beyond the eyes of the human?
Is the universe creating more space or just adding things to a blank void?
Does everything have a start and an end? What's the universe like before its born? And what's the universe like after its death?
Do you think the number of lives on earth/universe is a constant or variable and trend if any?
What happened to all the antimatter in the universe?
Why is there one unicyclist at every university?
What year do you think the end of the universe will be?
Could the universe have an unlimited or even infinite number of dimensions like Hilbert Space?
Is accident the most occurring thing in the universe?
In what order did the first fundamental particles come into existence in the universe?
If our universe was on Facebook, what would have been its profile picture?
Why does planet earth exist in the universe?
Is the helium in our universe really growing at an unexpected rate?
What would a 100% efficient universe look like?
What will the incentive be to live on Mars once self sustainable living conditions are settled?
What is the biggest mystery that is revealed about the universe?
As ridiculously infinitesimal as it may be, is it true that every object in the universe has gravitational pull on every other object in the universe?
Is the multiverse theory the proof that Modal realism is a correct interpretation of reality?
What’s the minimum time needed to develop an intelligent lifeform since the Big Bang?
How would one test the oscillatory universe theory?
Can there be a finite big bang in an infinite universe?
How can we see the Galaxy MACS0647-JD, 13.3 billion lightyears away, if the Universe is only 13.7 billion years old?
How many seconds would it take light to reach the end of the universe?
Do atoms expand too due to the expansion the Universe?
Was the universe ever smoke or even like smoke?
What's the correlation between AI and the universe?
Does it ever blow your mind that universe exists and our planet is attached to that universe?
What was the power source for the big bang?
If the universe is infinite, is everyone of us "the center of the universe"?
What in the universe is not a function of time?
When is the universes birthday?
If the universe is like the Matrix, then how would you hack it?
What does it mean when it is said that the "universe is transparent"?
How can we say that the age of universe is 13 billion years ago?
Do stars only exist in galaxies?
Why is the universe anisotropic?
As moon revolves around earth and Earth around sun likewise does our solar system revolves around something?
What is the probability of intelligent life happening at the instant moment of our civilization which performs innovation?
If the multiverse exists can we travel between its branches (component universes)?
Why are there parallel universes but no perpendicular universe?
Assuming the Universe has an edge, how would the sky look like if it was reflective?
How is the vast majority of the universe undetectable?
The earth is 4 billion years old. Weather records are 100 years old. Is it not possible that global warming is part of evolution?
Why is the universe not considered cyclical?
Is there any other independent evidence that the Universe is expanding, other than the red shifting of light from relatively greater distances?
How do cosmologists use the Big Bang model to explain the history of the universe?
Is it really possible that the pre-big-bang singularity was hot?
If such a thing as an infinite multiverse exist would one exist where Marvel superheros are real?
What is the problem in accepting that the universe/multiverse has an eternal cycle of bang-crunch, or one part of its expanding and another crunching?
How flat is the universe?
Is it possible that some other alienatic universe is in parallel with us in other dimension?
Is it possible that in other universes objects stops moving in vacuum when there is no actual force on them? Or is this impossible?
If the universe started with a singularity, where did that singularity come from?
Is the universe rational with quantum mechanics?
Do you believe there is "intelligent life" elsewhere in the universe? If so, would such life be exploring space and visiting other planets?
If our solar system is the only thing that's left in this universe, how will it affect us?
Are there examples of emergences that fit well together?
Do you ever wonder how big our universe is?
If the universe is a simulation, could there be a number of individuals who are more specifically coded than the majority?
Stephen Hawking says there exists a universe where the Beatles never split. Will we ever be able to visit that universe and bring back some tunes?
What are the realms of the universe in Hinduism?
How has new evidence changed our understanding of stars?
Where can I get some philosophical arguments in favour of the statement that the universe is rational, with references, for a research work for assessment?
Before the universe, was it a completely dark void with nothing?
What/who was the external force that repelled the universe into motion?
Why do you think, philosophically, that the universe is rational?
How does quantum physics disagree with the universe being rational?
After 13 billion years, is the universe still expanding?
Before stars formed in the universe, what forms of light were there?
How does an infinite universe get into a degenerate state?
What are naturalists arguments against the universe being rational?
How fast do you need to travel to get to the edge of the universe in one second?
Why is the universe not rational?
What do you mean by infinite?
What are the major eras in the history of the universe?
What would happen if there were only The Sun burning in The Universe?
Does the multiverse exist?
What operating system does the fabric of the universe run on?
What are some of the unexplained things about our universe?
If the earth was shrunk down to a size of an atom how big will the universe be?
Could the Big Bang come from one enormous star that was once part of a different universe?
What is Pulsar and dark matter?
What do you think about the Star Forge from KOTOR in terms of in-universe logic?
At what rate does the light from the Big Bang get redder each day?
Do all objects in the universe exist within galaxies?
Is dark matter more dense in the early/distant universe?
How does the internet change the physics of the universe?
What existed outside of our Hubble space time during the Big Bang?
Does our universe end with just a black hole, or it will be an undefined cosmological force?
At what point will we definitively know, that intelligent life exists in no other part of the galaxy or universe?
What stream should I take after completing school, if I want to study about Human Origin or Universe Origin?
How much dark matter is there in the observable universe?
When was the beginning of time? Isn't time supposed to be infinite, with no beginning and end?
Can you explain the ‘Empty Void’ beyond the universe?
Is it possible for a miniature universe to have formed in the Hadron Collider?
Intresting facts of universe?
Is it possible to build a telescope that could allow us to observe beyond the observable universe?
Is the center of the universe assumed to be inside of the observable universe?
If there are alternate universes, what would happen if we came upon one?
Even with millions of stars in the universe, it is still so dark. Why?
Is there a possibility of particles not related to atoms whatsoever in this universe?
How is there a finite amount of Ricks in a multiverse of infinite possibilities?
If the whole universe and its laws were a computer program, what would you change?
Can a single charged particle create an electric field throughout the entire universe?
How do we know about our universe? I mean we can't travel to the end of this universe yet we have pictures of different galaxies, how hubble take them
Should humans avoid space and leave it to our robots?
How much positive energy exist in the universe?
If a universe holds galaxies, what holds the universes?
Is the information content of the Universe increasing, decreasing or constant?
What would happen if we switched the ratio of dark energy to regular energy in the universe?
What would happen if we cooled down the entire universe to absolute zero?
Is it year 2017 for the universe or just the earth?
If one of the microorganisms that lived billions of years ago was purposefully killed somehow by time travellers, would we exist now?
What are Aristotle's arguments on the universe being rational?
What is the difference between termination shock and heliopause?
Can we call black hole a puncher in the universe and a gate way to another universe?
Is there any fixed point in the universe?
By which exact theory can we say that the parallel universe has an anti-black hole (white hole) subsequent to our black hole?
If the rules of logic are fictional human constructs, what prevented the universe from existing and not existing at its birth and till now?
What is the basic law of physics that sets the universe in being?
What is the shape of the universe? Is there one universe or there are more than one? How could we be sure about the answer?
Why is the universe rational?
Which is the present model of the early universe?
What do you find most interesting about the Universe?
Is the Earth a part of a larger masterplan in the universe?
Even when the speed of light is the fastest thing in the universe doesn't it seem slow compared to our universe?
If the universe was not a vacuum, then can we hear every star making noise?
What happened to all the antimatter in the universe?
How is the Sun's rotation important in the Universe?
Is accident the most occurring thing in the universe?
What is the real color of earth and universe, either than spectrum?
If there are more universes, or if a new one is made out of our universe's remains, is there a chance that earth could be cloned in other universes?
What would a 100% efficient universe look like?
Is science’s explanation of the universe essentially based on the idea of "one free miracle?”
Is it true that human body is globe of universe?
What is the biggest mystery that is revealed about the universe?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
Can the universe be a living being?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
How can the universe continue to expand if the total energy balances to zero?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
Can there be a finite big bang in an infinite universe?
Is there any place in the universe that is void of all three: dark energy, dark matter, and baryonic matter?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
What are numbers, and why are they so good at explaining the universe?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
Does the fact that the sky is dark prove that the universe is finite?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
Why is there a Cosmos instead of absolutely Nothing?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
If the hologram theory is correct about the creation of the universe, does that mean aliens made us?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
If our solar system and the Milky way Galaxy are moving through the universe, then doesn't time slow down for us as per Einstien?
Is the universe real?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
How did gravitational waves reach us? They obviously had to cover that extra expanded distance, so did the waves move faster than light?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
What created the Big Bang?
If gravity dilates time, how can physicists calculate the age of the universe without knowing its total mass right after the Big Bang?
If the Big Bang theory is correct, then why didn't all matter clump into one super massive orb/planet, but instead formed into local groups of matter?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
What is the nexus of the universe?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
Assuming the Universe has an edge, how would the sky look like if it was reflective?
Do we truly know why physics equations are the way they are?
Is it likely that the missing mass in the universe is actually just mass we are unable to see, like the recent Crater 2 Galaxy?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Could the universe be moving? We are going about 1.2 million miles an hour.
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Why should we exist? In a universe with billions of organisms, what meaning does our existence add?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
Why is the cosmos dark?
Who is Suki Yang?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
How much time will take to create a new star in our universe?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
How possible is infinity?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Is all matter in the universe moving away from the origin of the universe at the same speed (not velocity)?
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Can there be meaning in a meaningless universe?
Is there any life in the universe?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
How is the universe expanding? Is it expanding spiral?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
How fast do you need to travel to get to the edge of the universe in one second?
What is the reality in the universe?
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
What is the radius of our Milky Way galaxy?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
Could it be possible that we already know everything there is to know about the universe?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
How do we know the space is flat?
If you could and did remove all space in the universe, what would you be left with?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
Why is the universe still expanding after so many years since the Big Bang? Why is the speed of expansion increasing rather than being constant?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
How can we have differing truths?
Are there any cosmologists on Quora who don't believe that the universe is still expanding?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
Do you think that there is someone who control this universe?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
How do we define the observable universe?
Did Big Bang occur in the space full of Vaccum?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
How does the internet change the physics of the universe?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
Where can I find material and accessible proof that the big bang happened or that Gods created the universe?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
How can an electron be a point with no size if there is a minimum size in the universe (Planck length)?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
When was the beginning of time? Isn't time supposed to be infinite, with no beginning and end?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
What is inflation in the universe?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
Did matter exist before big bang?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
Are galaxies expanding?
If the Big Bang happened, and space is supposed to expand in a spherical way, then why, according to Einstein, is space flat?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
How is there a finite amount of Ricks in a multiverse of infinite possibilities?
Are the orbits of all planets in a same plane geometrically?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
If the universe was created as virtual reality known as a simulation by an advanced race, why would there be a need for a Big Bang?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
Is the information content of the Universe increasing, decreasing or constant?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
When our universe dies out, will another take its place?
What would happen if we switched the ratio of dark energy to regular energy in the universe?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
Have you ever stared into the vastness of the universe and pondered over the futility of human achievements?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
How old is the universe and the earth according to Hinduism?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
Do you think there is another universe beyond blackhole?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
What does the universe want?
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
If/when the universe stops expanding, will the night sky not be dark?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Are there green stars in the universe?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
Do humans fit in the universe?
Can there ever be a civilization out there that is so advanced that it can create universes?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
What are some wonders of the universe?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
What is the expansion of the universe? What is beyond the universe?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
Have we discovered 6 parallel universes as explained in YouTube videos of Edward Mentill?
What created the cause of big bang?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
If space is expanding, what is after space stops?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
If the universe is expanding faster than the speed of light then why can we see distant objects?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Has the expansion rate of space ever pause/stopped slowed?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
Can we change something in the universe?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
Does expansion of space means celestial bodies and particles moving away from each other?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
Is a World Space Agency better in improving our knowledge about Cosmos than say agencies of separate countries like NASA, JAXA, ISRO, ESA?
Is what this person says in this lecture true?
What is the roundest object in the known universe?
As there are innumerable universes, is it possible that we may get our next birth in a different universe?
If the universe is like the Matrix, then how would you hack it?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
Why do we see an primitive universe through a telescope?
What does it mean when it is said that the "universe is transparent"?
What is Big Bang Management?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
Since the universe created you and me, does that mean it's technically God?
What would be our universe with 2 temporal dimensions instead of one?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
How does the universe work exactly?
Is there any theory or research before the Big Bang?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
Does a time turner create an alternate universe or does it simply transport people to the past?
In our universe planets consume space and is surrounded by "empty" space. Could there be an anti-universe that would look like Swiss cheese?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
How do we know the Earth is 4.5 billion years old?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
Where is the real universe? Inside our mind or outside it?
If our solar system is the only thing that's left in this universe, how will it affect us?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
Does the Universe exist only because we're here to observe it?
Does dark energy increase as the universe expands?
Do you believe we will ever be able to travel to another universe?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
What/who was the external force that repelled the universe into motion?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
Is the universe infinite or finite? If it is finite, what is beyond the boundary?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
If Deadpool has cancer, why hasn't the entire universe turned into a blob of flesh?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
What is a parallel earth universe?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
Does the universe actually exist?
What is the purpose of background radiation in the universe?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
Why did dark energy begin to dominate the universe?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
Is dark energy evidence of our universe flowing into another universe?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
How is space time expanding?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
If the earth was shrunk down to a size of an atom how big will the universe be?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
Planck length and time act as a characteristic lower bound . Could we expect a corresponding characteristic upper bound?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
If the universe was spawned from a hypermassive black hole, would that account for the expansion of the universe?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
Is it that relativity and quantum physics do not oppose each one another, but that they actually do fit with each other?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
How we determined the rate of universe expansion?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
How are the percentages of dark matter and dark energy calculated?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
If there was ever a parallel universe, what would it be like?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
Which Came first: 'The laws of Physics' or ' The God' (Creator)?
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
What do the edges of the universe look like?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
How do we know that parallel universes exist?
On what does this universe stand?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is universe made up of?
What would you have done differently as a student in university?
How has dark matter played such a major role in the formation of galaxies and larger structures throughout the universe?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
Does Quantum Mechanics prove the universe is non-deterministic?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
Can there be other universe?
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
If the universe is made of Higgs boson, then what is dark matter?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
What is unique in the universe?
I'm 17 and just realized that the universe is indifferent to our suffering. The universe still expands. Life goes on. What is the point?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
If space is cold, why doesn't it extinguish the flames from a rocket?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
In the future, could we simulate an entire universe, and live inside of it?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
What is the multiverse theory?
Does everything have a start and an end? What's the universe like before its born? And what's the universe like after its death?
What does universal language mean?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
How does the university market itself?
Are there older and similar sitcoms to The Big Bang Theory?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
Did time and space exist within the singularity that preceded the Big Bang?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
How is the Sun's rotation important in the Universe?
Could the universe have an unlimited or even infinite number of dimensions like Hilbert Space?
Is accident the most occurring thing in the universe?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
What is the proof that universe is expanding?
If the universe is expanding with an accelerating constant how can the universe be so homogeneous?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
How will technology help people in future years?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
What do you think will exist/happen at the edge of the whole universe?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
Is a black hole a point?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Do atoms expand too due to the expansion the Universe?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
What would exactly happen if the solar system encountered a clump of dark matter?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
In our universe, is it impossible to have something that is lower than three dimensional?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Can pure chance control order?
If I wanted to completely destroy the universe (or most of it), what would be the best approach? Feel free to interpret the question as you see fit.
What if the bug that scientists say we need to prove the universe is a simulation is actually the universe?
Could a super artificial intelligent being create universes in the future?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
What is one key feature of the universe that inflation explains?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
What is the probability of intelligent life happening at the instant moment of our civilization which performs innovation?
Why do people think God is all loving when nature is hostile and God is obviously malevolent?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
The earth is 4 billion years old. Weather records are 100 years old. Is it not possible that global warming is part of evolution?
How old do Muslims think the universe is?
If such a thing as an infinite multiverse exist would one exist where Marvel superheros are real?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
Do you believe there is "intelligent life" elsewhere in the universe? If so, would such life be exploring space and visiting other planets?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
Why do people believe science when they already know their reality?
Will we ever be able to hands-on tweak the algorithms of novelty and archetype distribution?
Does the Conservation of angular momentum (as a 'recognised truth') contradict the big bang Theory?
Can somebody hear my problem and the pain I am going through?
How do we know the universe is changing?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What is the percentage of randomness in the Universe?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
Does the multiverse exist?
What is the probability that we are the only life forms in the whole universe?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
If somehow anywhere in the universe something could travel back in time would the entire universe go back in time or would it have a boundary?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
Where does our universe lead to?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
I'm trying to wrap my head around the multi-verse theory and levels 1-4 parallel universes. Could someone simplify (dumb) this down for me?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
Would the "theory of everything" disprove the "multiverse" theory?
Will humans ever understand why there is a universe?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
How was matter in the Universe created in the first place?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
At what rate does the light from the Big Bang get redder each day?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
How can the Universe be considered an accurate clock? What makes it tick?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
How much dark matter is there in the observable universe?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
What could be outside of the universe?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
If the human brain is so amazing. Is it possible that there is something in the universe that is above rationality?
What happens to universe without time? What is the time?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
What would happen if you would place a black hole inside of a black hole?
Is our universe in a time loop?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
If our universe is a finite volume without an edge (3D space), does it mean that it is contained in a 4D space (finite or infinite)?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Due to how vast the universe is, is it possible to find an element that is not on the periodic table?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
Can a single charged particle create an electric field throughout the entire universe?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
Is there infinite mass in this universe?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
If you had the capability to visit anywhere in the universe for five seconds, where would you go?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
Can we look upon the universe as a big melt with planets, Suns and nebulae as phase transitions in a vacuum still shaped as a Klein bottle?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
If one of the microorganisms that lived billions of years ago was purposefully killed somehow by time travellers, would we exist now?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
How much time has elapsed on Earth if I travel to a planet 12 billion light years away through a wormhole?
What if all the particles in the universe freeze?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
Are there more stars in the observable than beyond the observable universe?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
What is a universe?
If Earth became tidally-locked to the Sun, how would Earth look like given the following pictures?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
What is at the end of the universe?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
What is the dead end of the universe?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
Why is the universe dark?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
If our universe was on Facebook, what would have been its profile picture?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Why isn't there antimatter in the universe?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
Is it true that human body is globe of universe?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
If the matter, out of which our solar system arose, contained more solids/rocks than gases would our 'Sun' be made of rock?
Can the universe splitting process in many worlds be observer independent?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
How can physics be used to understand our universe?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
How is it possible for astronomers to know such exact information about the Universe?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
Is the universe continually cooling down? Why?
What’s the minimum time needed to develop an intelligent lifeform since the Big Bang?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
Living in a universe with infinite possibilities, how do people stay focused only on primary needs and not move on?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
What will the universe be like if there are no black holes?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
Can 13.6 billion years of time pass without someone to observe that time passing?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
How big could the largest conscious thing in the universe be?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
Does every object in the Universe vibrate in a frequency?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
How small are we in the universe?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
What will happen if a planet bigger/smaller than ours collides with the earth? Will they merge together, or will there be an explosion?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
What existed a light year away from the big bang?Why space formed after the big bang?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
To find Graham’s number if we started at the beginning of the universe to the end, using all Google computing power—how far would we be?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
What happens in vast multiverse?
Do you ever wonder how big our universe is?
If the universe is infinite doesn't that mean that everything happens at once?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
What do we know about the size of the universe?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
How come universe expands with speed more than speed of light?
Is the human mind wired to understand the universe?
Why do only 1% of the mankind succeed in making a mark in the universe while the 99% fail?
I read that a satellite proved the Big Bang wrong and that it was really space dust that we thought was light red shifting, is this true?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
If universe starts at Big Bang (13.7 billion years ago), according to evolution, how much we were lucky (by percent) to become an intelligent being?
What may be the size of the universe?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
Why did the universe have a large, fast growth period?
Why is it that our universe consists more of particals and less antiparticles?
How does an infinite universe get into a degenerate state?
Is it possible that there’s a planet in the universe where time goes slower or faster compared to earth?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
What are the most interesting planets in the Universe?
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
What will the universe be without an earth?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
From a religious perspective, what is the point of other planets, stars, and the universe? Why did your God create them?
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
What would happen if all stars combined in the universe?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
Is every bit of space expanding?
How can the Big Bang Theory be summarized and explained?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
What do you think about the Star Forge from KOTOR in terms of in-universe logic?
How can galaxies be 13.5 billion years away and the universe be 13.5 billion years old?
Is there any void space in universe?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Do all objects in the universe exist within galaxies?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
Why is the universe is so vast?
Is the universe the surface of a 4d ball?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
How big is Jain University?
If our universe is a drop of water, and galaxies are molecules, what would be the smallest observable celestial body with the current technology?
What can completely destroy the universe?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
What analogy is used to describe our solar system, galaxy and universe?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
What is the smallest change in the laws of physics that would result in the end of humans?
Can anyone tell which thing in the universe never dies?
Did Aristarchus of Samos claim that the sun was at the center of the solar system or the then-known universe?
Are there other universes that also exist?
Where am I in the universe?
What do you think is the most intriguing theory about the universe?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
What do you think is outside the universe?
How do I select our course in demeed university it depnds on marks or our wish?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
Why should there be a reason for everything occurring in the universe?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
Is the universe ends even the universe ends there's and other portion this keeps on going does it have any ending explain?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
If sound cannot travel in a vacuum, why does science use the term "Big Bang"? Is it to keep the Almighty God out of the equation?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Is the universe older than 13.7 billion years old?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
Which are the things or laws or concepts in universe difficult for human mind to explain and are beyond imagination?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
Can humans create another universe?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
Why are humans so mean and cynical in the Alien universe?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
Can we bend universes?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
What if there is another Earth?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Can we calculate the entire energy required to create our universe?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
How big is the earth to ants, compared to humans and the known universe?
Does the accelerating force created by the expansion of the universe act on objects like gravity?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
Is the helium in our universe really growing at an unexpected rate?
What is the temperature of universe?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
What will the incentive be to live on Mars once self sustainable living conditions are settled?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
What is the fabric of cosmos made of? How can objects in cosmos curve space(time) and create gravity?
Under our current theoretical assumptions, if all matter was eliminated from the universe, would space still exist?
Is dark matter actually “matter”? If yes, then what would be its constituents?
Who came first, god or the universe?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
If space is expanding faster than previously thought, does that mean Hubble's constant will change?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
What would it mean for the fundamental nature of the Universe if Superfluid Vacuum Theory were proven thereby uniting the ToE?
Is there any evidence of a multiverse?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
Is there any proof of expanding universe?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
With trillions of stars & planets, intelligent life must statistically exist in the Universe. When can/why can't we end religions & move on?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
If there's an edge to a dinner plate, why isn't there an edge to the universe?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Can matter from universe be in another universe where matter is different?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
Would the age of the universe (approximately 13.82 billion years) appear the same to someone on Earth and someone who is a billion light years away?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
Why do astronomers use present tense in speaking of expanding universe as the evidence has traveled billions of years to be seen?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
Who discovered the universe is expanding?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
We perceive the universe in three dimensions. So how could flatness of the observable universe be explained in this context?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
How can we say that the age of universe is 13 billion years ago?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
As the universe is expanding can we work out from that where it all started? I think I'm asking for the center or where was the beginning.
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
If one made a mini model of the Universe, what size would it be?
Is frictin present in universe?
What would happen if Independence Day happened in The Expanse universe at the time the show takes place?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
The universe may be infinite. Ok, it's very big, how can it be conjectured to be infinite (given the observable radius)?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
Is the universe symmetric?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
In what direction does Earth travel faster in universe? Around Sun, with Sun in Milky-way or with our own Galaxy in local group?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
The larger the body or any object in universe grows, the cooler it becomes? Is it so? Why?
Does light always travel at the same speed in all parts of the universe?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
What are the chances of all the smallest chances in the universe to occur at once?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
Is there an order of quantity in the number of elementary particles that exists throughout the universe?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
Stephen Hawking says there exists a universe where the Beatles never split. Will we ever be able to visit that universe and bring back some tunes?
How did the universe came into existance?
Can we make a universe?
Is there a parallel universe with a parallel me?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
How would a human being observe the universe if he/she was the size of the Milky way Galaxy?
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
Can you find out the creator of this universe?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
If you are immortal and can't die no matter what, what will the end of the universe/existence be like?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
Have all planets expanded over time?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
What are some of the unexplained things about our universe?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
Is it a proven fact that we are living in a clusters of universe called multiverse?
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
What significance will Sagittarius A* have on the collision with Andromeda?
Would anyone be able to explain the merits to the theory that this universe is a holographic projection? How would we know?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
What properties would the matter left over at the heat death of the universe posses?
Is life simply a result of the Big Bang, chance, and evolution, or was there a god involved?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
How do you get out of the universe?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
The Atoms we are made of once were once part of a sun. Does that mean that atoms do not die? If so then what would happen if the universe collapsed?
What is the universe without human beings?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
What do we mean when we say that our universe does not have the right topology for time machines to exist?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
How could you prove that universe dose not have infinite mass?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
Where is heaven located in the universe?
Is the universe ever-expanding?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
What does Hubble's theory state?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
Is the sun orbiting the Milky Way Galaxy or some other Galaxy?
I don't believe in death - I believe that our consciousness creates a new reality, and that parallel universes may indeed exist. What are your thoughts?
How come we can see other galaxies with the naked eye, but not the center of the Milky Way?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
Time flows in one direction. it expands, contracts, but never goes back. If the universe is expanding, does that mean all dimensions flow one way?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
What is the motive force of the universe?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
Why humans are not designed to perceive extra dimensions of the universe, if it exists?
What is the supervoid? How was it created, and how big is it?
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
What is the simplest fundamental principle that describes nature/universe?
If we looked at a star 10 billion light years away, wouldn't that star actually be dead by now even though we can see it as if it was alive?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
If the whole universe and its laws were a computer program, what would you change?
Are there any events in the universe that happens instantaneously?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
What do you think caused inflation in the Big Bang?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
Are there any other Earth's in the world whole universe?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
Is there any prediction that can be made or more understanding that can be gained by interpreting gravity as a result of expansion?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
Is light attracted by gravity?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
What do they mean when they say the universe is expanding? Are new bodies being created?
Is there a law of physics which states that mass must be the product of a system that has no mass? I'm thinking of the pre-Big Bang.
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
Is space expanding or galaxies are moving apart in the same space?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
If the universe is an "ancestor simulation" would it make any difference to us?
Why universe came into existence?
What is present outside universe?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
How can we define universe?
Can the theory that there are alternate universes be tested?
Would you rather have humanity alone in the universe, or not?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
What happened to all the antimatter in the universe?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
Since there is no "before" the big bang theory, how can science ever prove it?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
How old could the oldest civilization in the universe be?
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
If the universe is infinite and expanding, is the edge moving at light speed and if so has time relativistically stopped at the edge?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
How big is the present-day universe?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Suppose some species survive the great expansion of the universe, what will happen to them when proton's stability ends?
Do the old Indian Scriptures like Vedas and Upanishads answer the question of Modern Physics about our Universe?
How many seconds would it take light to reach the end of the universe?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
What's the best explanation for believing in God as the creator of the universe and evolution as part of the creator’s work?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
What is the depth of the universe?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Can we be at the initial stage of the big-bang explosion which is actually making the universe to expand and accelerate?
How does the universe expand faster than light?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
I would like a discussion. What if the black hole was a void with substance like water or other?
Since there is no edge of the universe, can we draw a geometric interpretation for the shape of the universe?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
What do you know about University of Evora?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
Due to recent findings in the origin of the universe, is the big bang theory started to get outdated?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
How is the vast majority of the universe undetectable?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
Is the universe expanding like a grenade exploding in all directions or like a guns directional explosion?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
What is the problem in accepting that the universe/multiverse has an eternal cycle of bang-crunch, or one part of its expanding and another crunching?
Is it possible that some other alienatic universe is in parallel with us in other dimension?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
What is the Big Bang and when did it occur?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
How far we are from center of universe?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything, does anything exist at all?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
If we are not alone in the universe then are we prepared for alien attacks?
What’s the best book about the universe?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
What if the universe became a black hole?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
Is the Universe one big atom?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
If you had had the power to create the universe (Almighty), would you have created it the way it is, where man has unlimited wants but has limited resources?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
What if the universe is an organization, God is the employer, and rest all of us are employees, what could be the mission and vision?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
What are the main flaws of the theory that the whole universe we know is inside of a black hole?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
Is our brain, mind, or consciousness connected to the universe?
What happens after our universe dies?
I believe that space fluid creates to rotate all the planets and stuff in the universe, is it true?
Why not build a simulation game about traveling the universe and exploring it solely based on real findings and observations?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
Does light travel forever or does it eventually fade?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
What was the first particle in the universe?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
Will the universe be destroyed one day?
How does God control our universe?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
If you removed all particles and radiation from the universe, what would the temperature be?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
If the universe is infinite and there are infinite galaxies, does that mean there's a 100% chance that my double lives on a duplicate Earth?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
Is dark matter more dense in the early/distant universe?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Intresting facts of universe?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
How long has gravity been influencing the structure and evolution of the universe?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
If there are alternate universes, what would happen if we came upon one?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
What would happen if we lived in supersymmetry universe with only opposite superpartners according to this universe?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
How do I defend myself against a theist in a cosmological debate?
What prevented the universe from becoming a black hole after the big bang?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
If a universe holds galaxies, what holds the universes?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
Is the universe really trillions of years old?
Do theories ever imply that a certain particle may exist, but can't be created by anything in the universe?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
Is it year 2017 for the universe or just the earth?
How far is 40 light years?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
What is the percentage increase in volume of the universe per unit of time?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
If there is no God and whole universe came into being all of itself, then why don't we see purely unique elements coming into being after some time?
Can we call black hole a puncher in the universe and a gate way to another universe?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
If we really have a parallel universe, can we mentally reach ourselves in the other universe?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
How do our presence effect the universe, why is our presence so important for the universe that we exist?
What are some unknown but interesting facts about the Milky way (our Galaxy)?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Why is there a universe?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
In what order did the first fundamental particles come into existence in the universe?
Are there 7.5 billion universes?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
Is the universe like a growing tree with the Big Bang being its seed?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
Is the universe infinite in age?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
When our universe is expanding, do the celestial bodies move further away from each other? Why or why not ?
How we know that the Universe is not dead?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
How would one test the oscillatory universe theory?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Isn't it madness to believe that we are alone in the universe, with all those stars and galaxies and planets that already existed?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
Why are there hundreds of billions of galaxies instead of one humungous Galaxy?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
If an alien in a Galaxy 65 million light years away is looking at through a telescope right now they are watching dinosaurs is this possible?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
Are there any famous scientists who do not accept the Big Bang theory?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
Is it possible for humans to travel between parallel universe?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
In a perfect would if you could bend the universe to your will, how would academia function? What is the dream?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
Are there multi universe?
Why is the universe anisotropic?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
Why are there parallel universes but no perpendicular universe?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
Why is the universe not considered cyclical?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
How flat is the universe?
Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
If the universe is expanding then why does the distance between the planets of our solar system is increasing?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
Do radio waves propagate because empty space in the surrounding universe is expanding?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
Why is it wrong to say "The universe revolves around the Earth"?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
Is it possible at any location in the universe to see the same object in different periods of time?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
Will the temperature of the universe ever read absolute zero?
Could negative mass during the Big Bang account for the disparate proportions of matter and antimatter in our universe today?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
Is it fair for one person to be responsible for the future of humanity?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
Have you ever been struck speechless by the beauty of the universe?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
If the universe collapsed to a point, how would that be different to a black hole?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
An atom to an universe, does the scales ends here or there is possible scope for expansion?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
How did the universe get its name?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
Why do red galaxies tend to be more massive than blue galaxies? Is there an explanation to this observation?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
Does the universe have any memory of the previous states of things?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
Since the big bang threw matter uniformly in all directions, is the great void the centre of the big bang and all matter is moving away from it?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
What scientific evidence is there that the universe started from a singularity and not something close to a singularity?
How did life start in the universe?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
So, exactly what was inside the Big Bang before it exploded?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
How did this universe came into being?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
When did human race realise that there is a universe?
If you approached the event horizon of a supermassive black hole, would you see the world disappear?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
Can you explain the ‘Empty Void’ beyond the universe?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Could life be a multi-dimensional existence, with a better you silently watching the stupid you from a parallel universe?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
Is the center of the universe assumed to be inside of the observable universe?
Was this universe designed for humans?
Do elephants exist in other universes?
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
If light diminishes at the inverse square law how is it that any light at all reaches us from distant stars?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
Why steady state theory is not use instead of big bang theory?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
How do we know about our universe? I mean we can't travel to the end of this universe yet we have pictures of different galaxies, how hubble take them
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
How will robots describe life?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
What if we discovered the fifth force in the universe but it was love?
Can the one-electron universe theory turn out to be true?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
Since the universe is expanding, will the cosmic microwave background eventually shift towards the radio spectrum?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
If you do not receive your proficiency certificate from reputed universities, inspite of completing your course, whom do you approach as the last resort?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
What is the solution if you come to know that the entire universe is against you?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
What are the all other theories about universe like great glaciation, solipsism?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Is the multiverse theory (which is everything can't be explained on the basis of matter) an attempt to escape reality?
Is the entire knowledge of the universe knowable?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
Is it possible for a closed Universe to evolve to become an open Universe?
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
What was there before the creation of universe?
Is it possible that dark energy is consciousness, and that our collective consciousness makes up the fabric of our universe?
What is the basic law of physics that sets the universe in being?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Do multiple universes really exist?
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
What does Dave Consiglio think about the One Electron Universe theory?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
Do you believe in God or The theory of the Big Bang, and why?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Does my university matter?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
What is the real color of earth and universe, either than spectrum?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
Why does gravity slow down the expansion of the Universe?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
How do the Einstein Field Equations predict an expanding universe?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
As ridiculously infinitesimal as it may be, is it true that every object in the universe has gravitational pull on every other object in the universe?
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
Is empty space really empty?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Can something have a single occurrence in a universe of infinite possibilities?
Hypothetically, which is older between the events described in the big bang theory or the universal rules that govern what defines a triangle?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
What's the correlation between AI and the universe?
Does the universe learn, is there inherent learning in the universe based on physical laws ?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
What power holds the universe in place?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
What was the power source for the big bang?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
Why is mathematics so effective in describing the laws of the universe?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
Is it possible that two universes projecting in opposite directions were created during the big bang?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
Is it possible to find a planet as big as our sun in our universe?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
As moon revolves around earth and Earth around sun likewise does our solar system revolves around something?
Why we are not still able to find the start and end point of universe?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
How do cosmologists use the Big Bang model to explain the history of the universe?
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
Why are astronomers saying the farthest out galaxies that are more red shifted prove the universe is not going to collapse?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
In the Canon Animorphs universe what were the Kelbrid like?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
Is it possible that in other universes objects stops moving in vacuum when there is no actual force on them? Or is this impossible?
Where is time in the universe?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
What would happen if a hollow tube was put through the earth’s atmosphere?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
If the universe is a simulation, could there be a number of individuals who are more specifically coded than the majority?
Can we bend the universe?
Why universe has formed life?
Billions of years ago when the universe was much denser, did time go faster than today?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
Will universes similar or parallel to ours appear randomly in the multiverse forever?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
How can I understand dark matter?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
Where can I get some philosophical arguments in favour of the statement that the universe is rational, with references, for a research work for assessment?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
If God has the power to create an infinite universe, why doesn't he solve world hunger?
Do you think Human-like creatures have existed before (or do now), elsewhere in the Universe?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
After 13 billion years, is the universe still expanding?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
What does our flat universe look like?
Is the universe defined as only physical i.e. excluding the unseen such as our thoughts, consciousness or (if any) the 5th-11th dimensions?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
Is the universe a fractal network?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
How much do we know about the universe?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
General relativity doesn't prohibits space to expand faster than the speed of light. What do we know about these particular parts of the Universe?
Does the success of techniques like meditation and reiki more or less prove that the universe is a simulation?
Will looking at the universe destroy it?
Can you rationalize with theories in physics how a person who has passed still exists in different timeline, dimensions, or in deterministic universe?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
How large is the known universe?
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
What does Victor Toth think of Lawrence Krauss's general interest book 'A Universe From Nothing'?
Could the Big Bang come from one enormous star that was once part of a different universe?
Is it possible that dark matter is present as regular matter in a parallel universe(s) but the same ‘space’ and hence, we cannot identify it?
Is it realistically possible to destroy the entire universe?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
When will the next universe be born?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
Is it possible to have a parallel universe in which people like us exist?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
What if distant galaxies red shift due to much elusive matter between them and us?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
Is it possible to travel to a parallel universe in your dream?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
How many scales are there in physics of the universe?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
How did the universe come into MCQ?
How plausible is the theory that the big bang was caused by a supermassive black hole from a different universe and dimension?
What are the Friedmann models of the universe?
Does shadow universe actually exixst?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Was there any energy before the big bang?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
What is the current energy output of all the stars in the Universe? (W)?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Why would a 5-dimensional universe with four space dimensions and one time dimenion be unstable?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
What is the beginning of universe?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
Are there multiverses?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
What is universe? I’m looking for a precise mathematical definition so that we can talk about other types of universes.
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
You are put in charge of a freshly created universe and are given immortality, teleportation and matter manipulation, what will you do?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
What would happen if electrons disappeared from the universe?
Does universe have friction?
Is there a possible explicit rule to every pattern, and everything in the universe?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
How can we see Galaxy IC 2066 0 PGC 15019 which is 108 Mega parsecs away from earth when universe is expanding faster than speed of light?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
If the rules of logic are fictional human constructs, what prevented the universe from existing and not existing at its birth and till now?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
How big can we expand our aura?
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
What is the shape of the universe? Is there one universe or there are more than one? How could we be sure about the answer?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
What is our purpose in this universe?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
Is our universe expanding with acceleration or retardation?
What if repulsive forces cease to exist in the universe?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
What is the key to silent infinite vastness of now?
Are Saturn's rings being pulled further and further out? If yes, will they ever stop expanding?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
What is the term for someone who believes that the universe plays a role in everything and daily happenings, but doesn't believe in any god?
If the universe expands faster than the speed of light, how is it possible to travel to an intergalactic destination with the hope of reaching there?
What are the theories of the universe?
Is it more likely that, when mankind finally meets an extra-terrestrial civilization, their bodies will be much larger, or much smaller than ours?
Is it possible to prevent earth from rotating?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
Does the flow of particles since the big bang theory control our life?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
How did all the structures get aligned (plumb) and even in the universe? It is amazing that everything seems parallel, in symmetrical order.
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
How can the universe be defined?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
Why do space and time exist?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
What if the Big Bang was originated by the Big Rip of a precedent universe?
Are black holes two dimensional or 3 dimensional? How we will know how the universe is behind it?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
What is time? Is there any existence of time in our universe or we are just assuming it?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
What comes after the death of our universe? A new universe? Does said new universe have the possibility of being like ours, with the same creatures?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
Will elephants and Thailand always exist in one universe?
Do circular galaxies exists?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
If the universe consists of matter, dark matter and dark energy. What is the sum of its parts actually embedded in?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Are there infinite big bangs in the Universe?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
What is a Monocerotis system?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
How do we know that there are parallel universes?
Does the prevailing understanding of the Big Bang Theory begin with a singularity at "time zero," or very shortly after time zero?
Can you destroy the universe by messing with time?
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
Does Islam support the Theory of Multiverse?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
Is there a particular direction we point telescopes to find the oldest galaxies? Or can they be found in every direction?
Who runs the whole universe?
Do you think that our universe is part of something much larger, outside of existence and reality?
Can a star busting attack, as in Star Wars canon, tear the very fabric of the universe?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
What would happen if I held the supercondenesed particle of the big bang in my hand as it exploded?
Since everything is moving away from the center of the universe, is there any cosmological body that is at rest in respect to everything?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
Is the universe expanding and contracting at the same time?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
Why did the universe continue expanding without collapsing into a black hole at the moment the density was different everywhere?
Shouldn't the dark matter/energy (comprising 95 percent of the total) make the universe mostly "curved", while the universe is considered mostly "flat"?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
Why do people think that somebody or something has created this physical universe?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
How does dark energy stretch out the universe?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
Is Lawrence Krauss talking nonsense about humans destroying the universe?
How is the Doppler effect related to the expansion of the Universe?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
What happens to universe if every object starts universe starts free fall?
How do I patent or copyright proofs of existing theories of the universe?
What if all the galaxies in the universe just make up more matter maybe even another world?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
What is the rarest thing in the universe?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
How cool is the universe?
Why is the universe not rational?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
How did life begin in the Universe?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
What are Superclusters and which one is the Milky Way located in?
What if the universe stopped expanding for 2 seconds?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
How likely are there to be "Multiverses"?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
Why is the universe so messed up?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
I would like to obtain a deep, fundamental understanding of the universe through science/physics. What is the best plan of action to achieving this?
Do we have another universe?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
If there are different laws of physics somewhere in the universe, would they still be universal to the extent that the basic principles are the same?
Does the Big Bang theory prove the idea of a multiverse?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
If you could travel anywhere in the universe, where would you go, and why?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
What existed outside of our Hubble space time during the Big Bang?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
Does dark matter contribute to the entropy of the universe?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
Is there any way to download all seasons of the Big Bang Theory?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
Did the Quran talk about the universe and the Big Bang?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
Is the multiverse theory flawed?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Where in the universe are we located?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
Can the "speeding up" of the universal expansion be an illusion because space is getting stretched more on the outside than the inside?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
If we are all so insignificant in this universe, why do we all strive for success?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
How do we there is not some huge amount of matter enclosing the universe pulling the universe toward it rather than dark energy pushing us apart?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
For how many years has the universe existed?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
From Fringe the TV show, is it possible based on the concept of multiple universes that every persons choice results in a parallel timeline?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
Why should we select you in our university?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
If you have a chance to send a message or photo to extraterrestrial life to describe yourself or your life, what will you choose to send?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
Why energy and mass of universe is constant?
If you take out the vacuum energy of spacetime do you get the same as what is beyond our universe?
If the universe was not a vacuum, then can we hear every star making noise?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
Is there a universal big dream explanation?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
You can have all the knowledge of how the universe works, but there is a 60% chance that your brain will be literally fried, do you accept the offer?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Are physics studies over macro (universe, galaxies) the same as micro (string theory, quantum mechanics)? If not, how much do we reconcile as of now?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
If there are more universes, or if a new one is made out of our universe's remains, is there a chance that earth could be cloned in other universes?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
Is science’s explanation of the universe essentially based on the idea of "one free miracle?”
Discounting the force of gravity, what would be the effect on the universe of space as something that flows from atoms and compresses around matter?
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
Do you consider the phrase "The brain is the most complex thing in the universe" to be justified?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
How many asteroids are in the observable universe?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
What is the energy that balances out the energy we know making the total energy in the universe zero? Is there any way to detect that energy?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
Why does a plant grow upwards when gravity should pull it down?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
Is everything in the universe random?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
Would an object in space, even a small one, have an gravitational effect on everything else in the universe?
Why is the universe frightening?
If time travel were possible, would the act of changing future events necessitate the existence of other universes due to the nature of space-time?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
Which are the most important events in the development of the universe?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
Does monpole exist anywhere in the universe?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
Atheists: How did Muhammad know that the universe is expanding?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
Is it possible to travel to a parallel universe?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
What is our universe doing?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
Does universe has a end point?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
Hypothetically speaking, what lies beyond the multiverse?
What is red shift? What does it tell about the universe?
How old will the universe be when it ends?
If you could make anything in the universe sentient, what would you pick and why?
Has there always been a universe?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
What are the most retarded questions in the universe?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
Is it really possible that the pre-big-bang singularity was hot?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Are there examples of emergences that fit well together?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
How has new evidence changed our understanding of stars?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
Who planted the seed that led to the Big Bang?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
In a static finite universe why would all the objects always collapse to the centre? Why won't they be able to orbit the centre forever?
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
If time came into being after the universe was created, how can the universe have a beginning?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
Can the stars and galaxies be seen as cells of a living universe and the neural structured dark matter, the neurons of the living universe?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
Where did the Big Bang happen? How is this known?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Is friction present in the universe?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
Is different timeline a different universe?
How old is our universe?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
Is the universe in constant growth?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
Could the curvature of space potentially be measured accurately enough to determine the shape/size of the universe?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
When we study the universe are we really only looking as far as the capability of the human mind?
Are there static objects in the universe?
Could Universe be modelled in thermodynamic terms?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
If universe is a hologram, is everything pre-destined?
Is it a law of the universe that if you are grateful for something the universe will bless you?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
On Earth we have the Northern Lights. What kind of visual phenomena might I find in the skies of other planets around the universe?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
Does our universe end with just a black hole, or it will be an undefined cosmological force?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
What is the early universe?
If the universe started as a singularity ~13.5 billion years ago, then does our universe stop at the light horizon?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
Can there be a second place in the Universe where the human can stay as comfortable as on earth without the use of any extra protective clothing?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
Why is the universe a hologram?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
What would happen to the universe if pi=1?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
How can I open my mind to the complexity of the Universe?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
Will it be possible for humankind to colonize the universe in the future?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
How many stars are known to have orbiting planets?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
Why do gluonic fields appear in the Universe?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is expanding and how does this influence the laws of physics? Are forces and their fields affected by expansion?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
How do I stop singing in class?
What is the safest place in the universe?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
Let us assume a universe that cannot be quantized. An "analog" universe? How might it work?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
If the universe is a simulation, why is it so large?
Is time intrinsically linear, or are we as humans only experiencing it in a linear sense?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
How long do you think was the universe in the state of pre-Big Bang?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
What do you think about universe? Why are we here?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
What is the cosmic egg?
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
How did the scientists claimed that the Earth is 4.5 Billion years old?
Do modern Cosmologists really have any definite answers as to the origin of the Universe?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Is there only one Big Bang? Is there any possibility of having series of bangs or continuing bangs?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
Could our universe be fictional?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
What is the function of the Universe?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
Why can scientists detect galaxies millions/billions of light years away, yet can't confirm the existence of Planet 9?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
Since we are a super small point of the universe, shouldn't we stop caring about our stupid problems, and understand our uselessness?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
Is the Earth a part of a larger masterplan in the universe?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
What keeps the universe balanced and how?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
Why is the universe so strangely shaped? Shouldn't it be round around the Big Bang spot?
If the universe isn't infinite, then what is outside of the universe, and what is the difference between the inside and outside?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
What is the origin of energy in our universe?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
What laws require the existence of dark matter?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
How is the age of the Universe calculated when time is relative?
What would a 100% efficient universe look like?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
Does the multiple universe theory support a universe where there are no multiple universes?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
How do you figure out the weight/mass of the universe?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
Does it ever blow your mind that universe exists and our planet is attached to that universe?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
What theories are behind dark matter?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
How can I create a fictional universe?
Is the standard model of physics restricting our view of the universe?
Can multiverses occupy the same space-time, and if so, can the creation of new multiverses explain the acceleration of expansion?
What would be the address of the universe?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
How in gods name do they extrapolate the temperature of the early universe with math?
If the universe is infinite, is everyone of us "the center of the universe"?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
What would the universe look like if at the "Big Bang" all of the law of Thermodynamics (except the 1st) were reversed?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
How would the universe describe itself on a dating profile?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
What would differ, if anything, travelling through the Andromeda Galaxy versus the Milky Way?
When the timeline of the Big Bang is discussed, what reference frame is implied?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
How do we know our universe wasn't created as a silly science project?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
What are the benefits of expanders?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
If there are parallel universes,where are those located and why can't we access them?
How do we know how large the universe is?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
Where does all the energy of the universe originate from?
What if humans made this universe to test his own intelligence?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
Is it possible that dark energy is the same as dark matter but outside the universe?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
How has the universe inspired music?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
If I rewind the entire universe by 10 seconds, then let it play again, will the events be different?
Why aren't people hyperaware of the infinite size of the universe?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
Do scientists at NASA believe in the multi-verse theory and time warps?
If the galaxies of other Big Bang's were rushing toward us, how would they appear to us?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
I want to reconnect with the Universe. How do I do it and what are the steps?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
If the Universe is so huge and so extravagant, then why do we as minuscule forms of organic matter believe in God?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
If the Big Crunch happened, would a new universe appear?
Is their any real difference between the idea of creationism and the idea of a 'Big Bang' or other comparable theory?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
Before stars formed in the universe, what forms of light were there?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
Does Calhoun's Universe 25 experiment portray the limits to urbanisation?
Is it is true that our dream connect us with our parallel universe?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
How stability of atoms could be affected with expansion of universe?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
If this universe is a simulation, then what is it a simulation of?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
What would be left if the universe was destroyed, and what would it look like?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
Why is god always unfair only to me in this entire universe?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
What does the border of the universe look like?
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Did god create the universe or do you believe in the big bang theory?
Is there an end to the universe?
Why is the universe flat?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
Do we have information on the ancient star that generated the solar system?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
Are the galaxies orbitting the Milkyway in a flat plane?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
Is there a universe without paradoxes?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
Why do theoretical physicists peddle conflicting theories about the Big Bang (finite universe) and parallel worlds (infinite universe)?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
When will we live multiverse life?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
At what point will we definitively know, that intelligent life exists in no other part of the galaxy or universe?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
Could a black hole rotate at one billion rpm's?
What is a good evidence that supports the Big Bang theory?
Why is the universe called flat?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
What don’t we know about the universe?
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
What is the source of entropy in the universe?
Is there a possibility of particles not related to atoms whatsoever in this universe?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
Does anyone wonder what is this universe? What is the meaning of our existence?
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
How much positive energy exist in the universe?
How do we say universe is 13.82 billion years old?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why is the center of every planet and every galaxy hot and dense?
Is the time scale the same during the entire evolution period of the universe – from Big Bang to now?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
Is god dreaming the universe?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
Is it possible that there may be a different understanding to the universe, beyond the eyes of the human?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
We make a new galaxy like Milky Way by bringing 300B stars. How much time is needed to be in equilibrium if the gravity speed is equal to light speed?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
If our universe ends in a big rip, will its last state be a quantum vacuum? Will there be the possibility of a new Big Bang then?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
Why is the universe rational?
Is it possible that the laws of physics change over time, or that they could be different in different places in the universe? What prevents this?
Is the multi verse theory true?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
Is the universe rational?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
What programmed the universe?
If there is only one object in the universe, then does the time still exist?
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
If for some reason the entire universe ceased to exist except for our own galaxy, would we here on Earth go on as usual?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
Why is there one unicyclist at every university?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
What are some shocking facts about the universe?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
Where does our solar system exist inside the Milky Way? Is it at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
When our universe ends, will a new one be created, and is there a possibility of it having our solar system and all its creatures in it?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Is creationism really different from big bang assumption? Why our mind needs a "beginning"?
Was the universe ever smoke or even like smoke?
New claims state that the universe has no direction. Doesn't this contradict the previously assumed theory that the universe is expanding?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
How far can the expanding sponge analogy be taken and still have usefulness in understanding expansion of the universe?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
When, why and how did people of long ago start speculating about intelligent life in other parts of the universe?
What exploded in the Big Bang?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
Does the stretching of space from universal expansion slow time? If so, could that be the reason of the redshift instead of an "increasing" expansion speed?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
Is there anything vaster than space?
If 2 parallel universes (mirror images of each other) are about to collide, then what would be the state of the hydrogen atoms of universe 1?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
In an alternate universe, every planet is a cube. What are the effects?
Why was the unimaginably dense singularity of the big bang able to explode while black holes cannot?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
When the universe ends can I assume it will become a giant black hole?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
Is there any other independent evidence that the Universe is expanding, other than the red shifting of light from relatively greater distances?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
Is the universe rational with quantum mechanics?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
If the progression of time is linear as Prof Muller stated in an earlier answer—does this linearity extend way back to the Big Bang?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
If dark matter was removed only from the earth's atmosphere, would we notice it?
Suppose the multiple worlds hypothesis were verified, could we receive data from the other universes?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
Could a universe that never has conscious beings within it be said to have existed at all?
Could it be possible for this universe to have more spacial dimensions than the ones we are aware of?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
Before the universe, was it a completely dark void with nothing?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Why won't we worship 'Bhramha ji' the creator of universe?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
Why is universe endless?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
What are naturalists arguments against the universe being rational?
Does Swaraj University exist?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
What would be the most probable reason of 2000-era if the universe were computer simulation?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
Is it possible that black holes create other universes and big bang was actually an exit point, releasing matter and energy the black hole consumed?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
Can I say that the earth takes up room in our universe?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
If nothing at all is self consistent, then where does mass, energy, particles, or anything, come from?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
What existed before the Big Bang, and does it go beyond time, gravity, matter, space and energy?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
How successful is Quantum Mechanics in explaining the universe?
Why does the universe appear black?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
What are the alternatives to a "block universe" theory of time? What are the most accepted? What just fascinates you?
Is it possible to build a telescope that could allow us to observe beyond the observable universe?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
Science can't explain the origins of 'the big bang' yet also states 'nothing can come from nothing'. Surely this theory is therefore incorrect?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
Is the speed the universe can expand limited?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
How would you define the parallel universe with space and time?
If there is no change in universe does time lose its significance?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
Do you believe that we as humans are incapable of accepting that the universe ‘just is’ - that there is no 'bigger picture' or 'designer'?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
What is the difference between termination shock and heliopause?
What if all of the universe turned into water except the Earth?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Is there any fixed point in the universe?
If the entire time line of our universe is being written on a 5th dimensional plane or paper, how would we know?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
How will the universe come to an end?
Is the present universe bigger on the inside than it is on the outside past universe?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Is the universe expanding due to the repulsive force of the big bang or due to the formation of new space?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
Why do scientists say that there may be many universes making up the multiverse instead of the other way round?
How was this universe formed/created?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
Why does our universe expand?
Are there alien in the universe?
How much more should the universe expand to reach a temperature of 0 K?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
What year do you think the end of the universe will be?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
To what size will the observable universe grow?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
What is the biggest mystery that is revealed about the universe?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
How many directions actually exist in the universe and how are they defined?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
What are the 12 particles of matter that make up the Universe?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
How will Universe end? Will it be a big crush or will it be a Big Rip?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
How can we see the Galaxy MACS0647-JD, 13.3 billion lightyears away, if the Universe is only 13.7 billion years old?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
Which is the largest object or body in this entire universe and the other parallel universe?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
Is there a book/tablet/notes/data drive/list somewhere that all the laws of the universe are kept on? Or perhaps Allah's notes?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
Could future technology and physics control and master space and time universes and everything that's beyond the Multiverse?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
What in the universe is not a function of time?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
Is the universe endless?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
Do Baryonic Acoustic Oscillations (BAO) make sense in an open 3D Universe? No reflective or circular boundaries means no standing waves.
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
Why are we so convinced that our existence matters to the universe?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
What is the most important proof we have that authenticates and validates the happenings of the first few years after the Big Bang?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
If the multiverse exists can we travel between its branches (component universes)?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
Where can I watch the big bang theory online?
Is it possible that in our universe things exist that are completely undetectable?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
Does an atom contain every information in the universe?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
Why is the observable universe roughly the same length in all directions from earth?
Do you think there are elements in the universe we have not discovered yet?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
What happens when there is no universe?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
What are the realms of the universe in Hinduism?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
If energy can neither be created nor destroyed, how is it that the Big Bang theory is still viable?
What is the best feeling in the universe?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
What is the infinite future like?
How can nothingness exist?
How many bytes of information has been generated by the universe since the big bang?
How energy came into existence in the universe?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
Could advanced civilizations be protecting the universe?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
What are the major eras in the history of the universe?
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
Does a para-universe exist or not?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
If, starting today, new evidence is found that the universe is infinite, what would that evidence be?
What surrounds our Universe?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
From where was the universe created?
What is the significance of number 432 ? How is it related to humans and cosmos?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
Does apparent randomness in the universe disprove God?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
Do legitimate physicists really entertain the idea that the universe is a computer simulation?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
What would you be like in a parallel universe?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
As Entropy of Universe is increasing with time, is it possible to go back in time (because that'd lead to decrease in Universe's Entropy)?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
If I threw a baseball from the edge of the universe what would happen?
Why does the universe need a beginning? Can't it always have been here? Isn't that the nature of what reality "is?"
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
If you were to instantly move 13.82 billion light years away, would the observable universe grow?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
Does quantum physics say that we live in a "digital" universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
What makes you feel like you have been transcended to another universe?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
Could the universe be a sphere?
What is the integration of infinite?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
Are the simulation universe and holographic universe the same theory?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
I need to make a wormhole project for school. How do I make a miniature wormhole?
Is the universe also a black hole?
Which national universities are ready for an attempt to clean up the universe from dangerous scrap with a grappler coming out of a small cube?
If everything tends to disorder in the universe, how did it all get ordered in the first place?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
What is eternal in this universe?
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
Do you think the human race as we know it now will every be able to find out what event happened that created the universe?
If 90% of the universe is dark matter/energy, is it possible that intelligent aliens are made of dark matter and that's why can't we detect them ?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
If it were possible to travel faster than c, and I departed from any given point, and flew through the universe would I return to my starting point?
Would the world be better off knowing something so simple about the way the universe began, but could also be used by anyone to harm one another?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
Should humans avoid space and leave it to our robots?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
Because space is invisible, what is the best way to define it?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
Can anyone have an idea about how the universe come into existence?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
Where does multiverse end?
Are we really of an holographic universe?
Is the universe creating more space or just adding things to a blank void?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
How were the galaxies and the stars formed after the Big Bang?
Do you ever feel like the universe is on your side watching out for you?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
If the speed of light was instantaneous, what would the night sky look like?
Does the universe end somewhere?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
When the universe ends, (if it ever does) could another "Big Bang" happen?
How would you describe the universe?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
Does universal confidence exist?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
Even if the Universe aproaches its end (Big Freeze), would Gravity or Dark Energy cease to exist?
Do you think the number of lives on earth/universe is a constant or variable and trend if any?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
Could our universe be a fake?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
What is the relationship between the acceleration of the universe and the existence of dark energy?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
Could our universe be a true vacuum expanding inside a universe of false vacuum?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
Is there some greater planes of existence, that goes beyond matter, energy and time, with Completely foreign concepts, not found in our universe?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
Presuming there is no free will, is the multiverse possible?
What is the significance of the frequencies 432 Hz and 528 Hz?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
Do discoveries related to the holographic universe point also to the black hole origin of the universe?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
When we get to Mars, will we be able to communicate with people on earth like we see in the movies? How would we do it?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
How do we know that the universe will die?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
How can there be both entropy and order in the universe?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
What is the use of spending billions of dollar in space programs?
How far is the universe?
In what ways is the universe changing today?
What is the margin of the universe?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Is there any end points of our universe?
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
If we exist in a black hole as some theories suggest, how do the laws of physics break down when we observe other black holes?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
What is meant by tangent universe?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
How is the age of the known universe determined?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Is there is anything or any particle in Universe that do not have energy but still Exists?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
What is the scale of the universe?
Does our every action/choice creates another universe and if so, what happens to all these universes?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
Is big bang an ongoing process?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
Did the initial singularity exist?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
What are the basis of creation of this magnanimous universe considering all its intricacies at sub-atomic and celestial scale?
What proportion of matter in the universe is composed of atoms?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
What are the best things in the universe?
Is it possible that the rapid expansion of the universe is caused by the vanishing of mass which frees the compressed space around it?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
How much infinite is possible?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
What is the current opinion on Michael Talbots's book 'Holographic Universe'?
Would any of the Everyone Dies scenarios cause the immediate destruction of the universe as we know it?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
Is life a random but inevitable force in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, does it have a center point? If so, what is that?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
How important is the VY Canis Majoris to the universe?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
What operating system does the fabric of the universe run on?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
Which was the first word in the universe?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
Is university really intense?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
What has everyone convinced the entire universe collapsed?
If the universe was cooled to absolute zero would time stop?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
Do stars warm up the universe?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
If God knows the future, then the universe is deterministic. Where is the free will?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
What would happen if I fired a bullet in space going faster than the rate of expansion of the universe?
Does an increase in entorpy of the universe cause an increase in time or is it the other way round? Why?
If you were to be God and re-design the building blocks of the universe, is there anything you could improve on?
What caused the universe?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
Is it possible for a miniature universe to have formed in the Hadron Collider?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
Would I be right if I say that every point in universe is the center of the universe?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
How would an atom behave if it were alone in a flat universe?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
Even with millions of stars in the universe, it is still so dark. Why?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
How does Newton's theory of gravity show that the universe can't be static?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
Does every atom in the universe have some attractive effect to every other existing atom in the universe, due to gravity in function of distance?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Is there a wall or something at the end of the universe if humans managed to reach it?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
What does the universe lie within?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
Did the Big Bang make a bang?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
How can we expand an economy?
If the universe began with a singular event, wouldn't all the age of the materials of space be all the same regardless of how it has been traveling?
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
What prevents the Universe from collapsing?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
By which exact theory can we say that the parallel universe has an anti-black hole (white hole) subsequent to our black hole?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
What was before the Big Bang and when did time begin?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
How would you think of the universe being created, isn't that insane?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
What equation can be written that represents the entire universe?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
Is the universe a circle?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
How universe is a closed system?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
When does a new Yuga start?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
Is there any material in this whole universe which cannot be boiled?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
Is the universe a quantum system?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
What would be the propagation speed of a change in the false vacuum state of the universe?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
Do stars only exist in galaxies?
If speed of light is constant, can we actually know the exact position of Earth relative to center of universe?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
What is beyond the present universe?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
How could we estimate the amount of stars in our universe?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Is our universe start from a big bang like what big bank theory show?
Is the multiverse theory possible or even probable in real life?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
What if black holes are wormholes to the edge of the universe?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
What are the fundamental laws of physics who rule our universe?
How does the dark energy cause the universe to expand? What has dark matter to do with it?
What is the Big Bang transition?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
How many light years can the universe expand in a few seconds?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
Why do you think, philosophically, that the universe is rational?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
Is the universe a linear plane, and if so, would it be quicker in this regard to exit the universe "vertically" rather than horizontally?
How does quantum physics disagree with the universe being rational?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
How can everywhere be the center of the universe?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
What will it take for humans to control the very dynamics of universe?
What is universal holding cabinate?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
What would happen if there were only The Sun burning in The Universe?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
How do we know how many galaxies are in the universe?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
What is the future according to universal laws?
Should I read the paper "The Mathematical Universe" or the book "Our Mathematical Universe"?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
Is our universe finite?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
Is it possible that there were prior "Big Bangs" before the "Big Bang" we know?
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
Is there a possibility to live forever, by going in space?
Does cause and effect apply to the formation of the universe? If not, why?
Where does the universe exist?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
If humans are considered to be a pattern of molecules then is it possible that there exists an exact copy of us in this universe?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
What is Pulsar and dark matter?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
Is there any 3D model of universe available online?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
What does not vibrate in this universe?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
Is there a part of the universe where we would be considered microscopic?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
There is any object in universe, which is not under the influence of gravity?
Was there a period of inflation following the Big Bang? Roger Penrose doesn’t think so, according to his book Cycles of Time.
If the universe is infinite in time, why didn't it succumb to entropy infinitely long ago?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
What is the total charge of universe?
Which is the perfect random experiment in the universe?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
How do we know our universe is moving in a certain direction?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
What would happen if we cooled down the entire universe to absolute zero?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
Do universities actually profit from the athletic teams or do some actually cost the university money?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
Has the Universe payed you back for your good/bad actions?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
How do we know if the universe has an edge?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
If we could say the universe is expanding, is there any universe which is contracting exponentially?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
If universe is expanding according to Hubble's law, then are some galaxies moving from us more at a speed more than speed of light?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
If universe is expending and at a certain point will reach lets say point A than what this point A will be called where universe will reach in future?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
Even when the speed of light is the fastest thing in the universe doesn't it seem slow compared to our universe?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
What can you tell about KL University?
Why does the universe talk to me?
Will the universe end today?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
Is the multiverse theory the proof that Modal realism is a correct interpretation of reality?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Can Pakistan make MIRV without expanding its space program?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Is our visible Universe a larger version of the stimulation of star-forming molecular gas found in the galactic halo of a supermassive black hole?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
What are the universal elements of protoplasm?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
How did the matter exist at the time of the Big Bang if there were no time or space for it to exist in?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
How can you make me understand the concept of parallel universe in a layman's term?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
When is the universes birthday?
What would happen, if an object that operated under different physical laws entered our universe and was composed of something entirely different than atoms?
If the universe were to rewind back to the beginning and the laws of nature were the same, would everything happen in the exact same way?
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
Cosmologically speaking, what supports exist for the notion that the laws of nature could/would differ among different universes within a multiverse?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
Why did god create us and the universe?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
How does Hawking's idea that the Universe, in its most primitive form, arose spontaneously from nothing stand up?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
Are negative numbers purely hypothetical or do they exist somewhere in the universe?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
If the universe started with a singularity, where did that singularity come from?
If environment of a distant planet was made sustainable for us, would you prefer to go there?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
What would the center of the universe look like?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
How would the universe be if empty space was truly empty?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
Does the antimatter universe exist?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
How was the Big Bang formed?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
Which thing in the universe is not relative?
If the multiverse exists, is it possible that our universe has already been collided with others? How to verify it?
What do you mean by infinite?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
If there was a “start of time”, then what happened in the universe before time started?
Did lithium hydride form after the big bang and before the formation of stars?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
How does our universe expand?
I am the size of the Milky Way Galaxy, how do I perceive the universe around me?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
Do planets twinkle?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
What is the best way to pull through university?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
Can quantum entanglement hypothetically be used to communicate over VAST distances, like from one end of a galaxy to another or from galaxy to galaxy?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
As far as galaxies go, is the Milky Way bigger or smaller than the average?
Does the dark matter present in the universe cause any distortion to the speed of the spacecraft Voyager 1?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
The big bang was formed by a singularity, blackholes are also a singularity. So did black holes form space and matter?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
What is the last point of universe?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
To what extent can our universe expand?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
What stream should I take after completing school, if I want to study about Human Origin or Universe Origin?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
What can you say about atheist, that the universe is a product of big bang theory?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
Can the infinite universe theory still hold true even though it postulates that there must be a universe where it's incorrect?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
What was the first element in our universe?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
Is it possible that when our universe destroys itself (theory), there could be a new Big Bang?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
What do we know of the universe's topography?
Is it possible that we have an entirely different universe next to ours?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
What is the center of the universe?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
If the multiverse theory is true, is it possible that in some universes fictional characters exist, e.g Dragon Ball characters?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
Are we the last world in the universe or the first?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
Could a physicist and the future create baby universes in the lab?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
Is the fabric of space expanding, or only the matter within it?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
Can science explain what happened before the big bang?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
How can we accurately state that the universe is made of 72.1% dark energy, 23.3% dark matter and 4.6% baryonic mass?
What are Aristotle's arguments on the universe being rational?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
What if we somehow discover that we are the only life in the entire universe?
Is the universe expanding at a universal speed (No pun intended) or will we begin to close the gap on older matter in the future?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
Could the universe have intelligence?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
If a universe does come after ours, is there a possibility elephants and other species on earth would live there?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
Who created the grand designer, who created the multiverse, and does the answer lie within the multiverse itself?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
Which is the present model of the early universe?
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
What do you find most interesting about the Universe?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
What are the theoritical explainations for dark matter coalesing into networks and filaments rather than ever larger spinning structures?
What's 96 Percent of the Universe Made Of?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
Is infinite equal to infinite?
Is it possible that God created the multiverse, and the first races of a universe in that multiverse reached ascension, only to become that first God?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, does that mean it being drawn to something?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
Why does planet earth exist in the universe?
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
What might life as humans be like in the far distant future as heat death of the Universe becomes a significant issue?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
Is dark matter actually “matter”? If yes, then what would be its constituents?
How do you figure out the weight/mass of the universe?
Do parallel universes succumb to the "Big Crunch"?
Hypothetically, which is older between the events described in the big bang theory or the universal rules that govern what defines a triangle?
If dark energy didnt exist, how fast would the universe collapse under its own gravity?
Would time cease to exist if the universe weren't expanding?
What is the energy that balances out the energy we know making the total energy in the universe zero? Is there any way to detect that energy?
If accidentally a stone break astronout's helmet glass in space, what would happen to his body?
What does Jimmy Wales think of destiny? Do we write our own or it is all pre-planned?
According to the Age of Light, what day of the week did the universe begin?
What's the best explanation for believing in God as the creator of the universe and evolution as part of the creator’s work?
If the universe consists of matter, dark matter and dark energy. What is the sum of its parts actually embedded in?
Where did time, space, and matter come from?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, how would that affect the flow of time?
Is gravity the strongest force in the universe on a planetary level Mars for example?
What in the universe would be equivalent to 1 trillion megatons of TNT?
Is there anything in the universe that's faster than light?
What could cause the universe to implode?
Would it be possible that in the distant future the entire universe will become just one black hole?
If Mass+Energy is constant, then does that means life of universe is finite??
Do you believe in the big bang theory? Why?
Are there any famous scientists who do not accept the Big Bang theory?
How can I create a Transhumanist Association in my University?
Does the multiverse theory suggest that our universe has edges? Or is our universe still infinite without a boundary?
If there are other universes or galaxies beyond ours, do they have gravitational pull to or from something? Does it affect our universe?
Can I get the whole knowledge of the universe by meditation?
Why are we so convinced that our existence matters to the universe?
If speed of light is constant, can we actually know the exact position of Earth relative to center of universe?
Will the universe eventually be destroyed?
If the multiverse is real, then is it likely that, on the multiverse level, all species living on earth technically don't go extinct permanently?
Abraham Hicks says you can have anything desired if you align to the frequency of the Universe. Is there scientific theory or fact that supports this?
How is the expansion of the universe consistent with General Relativity?
Why is the cosmos dark?
Does an atom contain every information in the universe?
Is it possible that there is a species in the universe that sees Light and Darkness completely differently?
If parallel universes exist, why is ours so ordinary?
If I rewind the entire universe by 10 seconds, then let it play again, will the events be different?
In terms of energy is the universe a closed system?
How does natural decay occur in a superfluid universe?
Will universes similar or parallel to ours appear randomly in the multiverse forever?
Does the recent finding of the undecidability of the spectral gap problem in QM show that the universe is noncomputable?
What is the most interesting fact that reflexes the greatness of the universe?
How many nukes would it take to destroy the observable universe?
In an infinitely large space/universe does movement have any meaning?
How is the Doppler effect related to the expansion of the Universe?
What are two ways to measure the age of the universe?
If the Universe is so huge and so extravagant, then why do we as minuscule forms of organic matter believe in God?
Did the universe always exist according to quantum mechanics?
Is there any stronger force than gravity in the cosmos in a planetary fashion?
Why won't we worship 'Bhramha ji' the creator of universe?
Is it/could it be theoretically possible for a sufficiently advanced civilisation to postpone or stop the end of the universe, or at least survive it?
Is it is true that our dream connect us with our parallel universe?
What happens to a beam of light as it approaches the edge of the universe?
What is the mystery behind Tulsa 's center of universe circle?
Is it possible for the universe to repeat itself again?
If the universe stopped expanding, what would happen to earth?
Realistically, could there have been a race of humanoids living on Mars a billion years ago, given the existential artifacts left behind?
If somehow anywhere in the universe something could travel back in time would the entire universe go back in time or would it have a boundary?
What year did the Big Bang occur? Or did it?
What is that I can learn in less than a minute, which will help the universe?
How can the universe be infinite and doesn't it make you uncomfortable that there is something that doesn't have any start and end?
A lot of people believe that the universe is infinite. Does that deny the theory of accelerating expansion?
What does Victor Toth think of Lawrence Krauss's general interest book 'A Universe From Nothing'?
Vedas says heaven and hell are also places in the universe. What do you say?
There are now 2 theories to explain Hubble's Law, the expansion of space and dark energy. Which is more likely true?
What are the laws of the universe?
What do we mean when we say that our universe does not have the right topology for time machines to exist?
Is it possible to have a parallel universe in which people like us exist?
What would you be like in a parallel universe?
As Entropy of Universe is increasing with time, is it possible to go back in time (because that'd lead to decrease in Universe's Entropy)?
Is there any 3D model of universe available online?
How can the Universe be considered an accurate clock? What makes it tick?
How can galaxies be 13.5 billion years away and the universe be 13.5 billion years old?
Is it necessary for matter, anti matter or dark matter to be present at every point of universe?
If the universe rewinds itself after it dies does that mean that I get to be reborn?
What is the true north with respect to Milky Way and the universe when observing from the Earth?
Does dark matter contribute to the entropy of the universe?
Will life always be sustainable in our universe? Will our universe expand forever?
The number of galaxies is estimated to be about 2 trillion. How is it possible that they fit in a universe not larger than 15 billion light years?
What do the edges of the universe look like?
Is the universe deterministic?
If the multiverse is in fact real, then does it mean there could be a probability of a clone of earth being in a newly created universe?
Can the multiverse theory and the infinite universe theory both be true?
What is the current energy output of all the stars in the Universe? (W)?
Universe is not accelerating at an increasing rate. Will this affect the dark matter theories as they were to have been the catalyst?
Is there some inner logic built into the universe?
If parallel universes exist, does it mean that all current species never permanently go extinct in the multiverse, but rather just in our universe?
Could our universe be traveled around on all sides while still remaining infinite, if it were contained in another universe of say 6 or 7 dimensions?
What do you think about the Higgs Field collapsing? Do you think it could happen, and do you think it would happen in our lifetime?
What do you think is the most intriguing theory about the universe?
Do parallel universes eventually get destroyed?
If we are all so insignificant in this universe, why do we all strive for success?
Is it true that everything in our part of the universe is moving towards the 'Great Attractor'?
Did the Big Bang make a bang?
Is the ratio of empty space to matter within an atom the same as the ratio of empty space to matter in our observable universe?
Is the universe ends even the universe ends there's and other portion this keeps on going does it have any ending explain?
You are put in charge of a freshly created universe and are given immortality, teleportation and matter manipulation, what will you do?
Why do we say nothing can go faster than light if the expansion after the Big Bang created a universe 10 light years in diameter within a second?
What do we conclude about life, from the history of the world since the Big Bang?
In Hinduism, will the universe/creation endlessly continue to be made and be destroyed?
If the multiverse is real, would there be a likely chance that our Galaxy would just spawn over and over again in other universes, and be the same?
Is the universe like a growing tree with the Big Bang being its seed?
If there is an intelligent species in Shapley's Supercluster, do you think they experience the Universe differently than we do?
How big can we expand our aura?
Is there such a thing called universal consciousness? If so, what is it?
Is it possible that the laws of physics change over time, or that they could be different in different places in the universe? What prevents this?
Is Big Bang and singularity possible?
How have we made sure that expanding distance between objects in space is not actually just inertial movement from the early days of the universe?
What is the term for someone who believes that the universe plays a role in everything and daily happenings, but doesn't believe in any god?
How can the age of the universe be calculated with the inverse of the Hubble Constant (1/H0) when it is not known how big the universe is?
Can all subspecies of asian elephant technically exist forever by existing in current universes and re-appearing in newly created ones?
Why must I believe the lies and spend my life with no real knowledge of the universe?
How likely is it that dark matter and energy research is a dead end caused by errors in our current understanding of astrophysics?
Why can't we just send a high speed probe beyond our universe to see if other universes exist?
Since there is no "before" the big bang theory, how can science ever prove it?
Can it be possible that all matter in the universe experiences time as a result of the universe itself moving at the speed of light?
How many elementary particles are in the universe?
Can stars form outside galaxies?
Can life (that does not require our types of requirements: water, oxygen, etc.) exist on other celestial bodies in the universe?
How can physics be used to understand our universe?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
How and why did states expand from royal retinues to huge bureaucratic bodies?
If a wormhole was opened between two universes with different physical laws, what would happen?
Should our observations of the universe be thrown in the garbage?
Can the universe be a living being?
What is the difference between the Big Bang and the Big Bounce theories?
Why is every planet in the universe spherical in shape?
Could something in the Universe theoretically travel faster than light?
How can the universe continue to expand if the total energy balances to zero?
How did atheists reach the conclusion that the universe was not created?
What benefits does life forms bring to Earth and/or the universe?
What would happen if there were extra macroscopic dimensions in our universe?
Is there any place in the universe that is void of all three: dark energy, dark matter, and baryonic matter?
If the LHC accidentally collapsed the Higgs field, how could it destroy the entire universe if that collapse propagates below light speed?
How is it possible that objects outside the observable universe are moving away faster than the speed of light from us?
Can there be a finite big bang in an infinite universe?
How overwhelmed do you feel at universe's massiveness?
Is it true that the universe has no end?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
In our universe as human have possible to realize 4 dimensional in 3 dimensional environment?
To what precision do we know the age of the universe?
Approximately how many electrons are there in the known Universe?
Imagine the universe and Earth with no gravity. What would happen then?
What are numbers, and why are they so good at explaining the universe?
Will humans ever find out what caused the Big Bang, and what was before it?
What changes would occur when I would travel to a parallel universe?
Does the 2016 movie, Arrival, suggest the block universe theory of time and that future events have already been determined?
Does the fact that the sky is dark prove that the universe is finite?
Why does General Relativity (GR) predict black holes?
How could the universe contain trillions of stars formed within 13 billion years although the stellar explosions to form new stars happens rarely?
Is it possible that in a parallel universe, metahumans are there?
Is there a parallel universe where physics doesn't exist?
Is earth insignificant in the universe?
Do you believe that a balance must be contained in the whole universe? A Ying for every Yang?
Is it fair to say that the Big Bang theory and Adam & Eve use the same 'trace back in time' reasoning?
Why is there a Cosmos instead of absolutely Nothing?
Why is the universe changing, when the total energy of it is a constant?
If the hologram theory is correct about the creation of the universe, does that mean aliens made us?
Is there anything in the universe that's faster than light?
How many quarks are there in the entire universe?
What could cause the universe to implode?
If our solar system and the Milky way Galaxy are moving through the universe, then doesn't time slow down for us as per Einstien?
Is the universe real?
Is it true that the entire universe is the only real atom?
If the universe is infinite, where can the other universes be?
What could we get in another galaxy having many planets?
What is the point of watching stars and galaxies millions of light years away when we know they may not exist as their lights are snapshots of a million years past?
Does Hinduism support the idea of the Big Bang theory?
What is the difference between the Universe and the Cosmos?
What can be the highest temperature in this universe, and is there any limit on temperature?
Future predictions: what do you think lies beyond the universe?
How did gravitational waves reach us? They obviously had to cover that extra expanded distance, so did the waves move faster than light?
How has Truth been conveyed to the whole universe?
What do you think about the theory of a multiverse?
What created the Big Bang?
If gravity dilates time, how can physicists calculate the age of the universe without knowing its total mass right after the Big Bang?
If the Big Bang theory is correct, then why didn't all matter clump into one super massive orb/planet, but instead formed into local groups of matter?
Given the immense size of the ever expanding universe, surely a photon cannot be the fastest particle. Can scientists look for a faster one?
Are there enough galaxies and / or planets that each human could be living in their own unique matrix?
What is the nexus of the universe?
What if you find a secret way to a parallel universe?
Assuming the Universe has an edge, how would the sky look like if it was reflective?
Do we truly know why physics equations are the way they are?
Is it likely that the missing mass in the universe is actually just mass we are unable to see, like the recent Crater 2 Galaxy?
Do you think there are other life-forms exploring the universe aside from humans? Has earth been explored already by other life-forms?
Could the universe be moving? We are going about 1.2 million miles an hour.
What is the force that causes space to expand?
Why should we exist? In a universe with billions of organisms, what meaning does our existence add?
What proof is there for the Universe had a beginning?
Why is the cosmos dark?
Who is Suki Yang?
Is there an estimation that exactly how much energy was releases in big bang?
Can we say that the universe is the solar system, the Sun is its nucleus, and the planets are its electrons?
What would happen in the universe if gravitational forces acted negatively?
Why is Venus called the hottest planet in the universe?
How has the concept of a parallel universe evolved?
How many potatoes would it take to fill the universe?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can something in the universe be at a standstill (not move)?
Can the Zeno effect be applied to the entire universe?
How much time will take to create a new star in our universe?
What would the benefits of human extinction be for the planet and the universe?
How possible is infinity?
What is the basic evidence for why we are not the centre of the universe?
Why does God prefer the existence of the universe over the nonexistence of the universe?
How does Hinduism explain the creation of world and the universe?
Approximately how many stars are there in the observable universe?
How, and from what, was matter (the quantum particles) produced in the Big Bang, when it all should have already been there in the singularity?
What can be scientific reason for a place "center of universe"?
What​ is the Hindu concept of the cosmos?
Is all matter in the universe moving away from the origin of the universe at the same speed (not velocity)?
Could gravity's cumulative effects explain redshift without the need for expansion?
If you don't believe in God, then who created the universe?
Can we have a universe without motion?
Can there be meaning in a meaningless universe?
Is there any life in the universe?
Which is more vast, the universe or time itself (Assuming time has a beginning and end)?
How can I get knowledge on the Universe?
How is the universe expanding? Is it expanding spiral?
Is the blackman the first human being in the universe?
What is scarier, the existence of other life in the universe or the existence of no life at all?
How fast do you need to travel to get to the edge of the universe in one second?
What is the reality in the universe?
What is the theory of a no boundary universe?
Doesn't population growth disprove karma and reincarnation?
According to the Big Bang, the universe expanded from an extremely dense state of matter, which is similar to a black hole. Why did it explode?
Are there exact copies of ourselves in the universe?
If you were to simulate gravitational interaction between a huge amount of matter in a closed space, would this space be cubic or spherical?
If the universe is expanding, is there any matter being created to fill up the gap? Or is the dark energy being diluted in order to fill up the gap?
Going by the Big Bang Theory, can we assume that black holes are the breeding place of another Big Bang?
If you scaled the average man to the size of the observable universe, how big would his eye be? His head? His hand? His arm?
Why do people still believe in the Big Bang theory if it is known that God created the universe?
What is the radius of our Milky Way galaxy?
Why is space expanding or stretching? Is there a force acting on it to do so or is it a natural property of space causing its expansion?
Why are black holes said to have connections with the parallel universe?
Could it be possible that we already know everything there is to know about the universe?
If I wakeup on another planet in distant galaxy/universe, how can I locate earth to return?
If we turn out to be the only intelligent life, do we have a responsibility to the universe?
How do we know the space is flat?
If you could and did remove all space in the universe, what would you be left with?
How is randomness related to information contained in the universe?
Even if the Big Bang theory was right, could somebody explain what originated it?
Why isn't time perhaps just proposed as movement in space away from the Big Bang?
Why is the universe still expanding after so many years since the Big Bang? Why is the speed of expansion increasing rather than being constant?
Is the universe infinite, or is it finite but unbounded? What is the difference and what is outside the universe?
How can we have differing truths?
Are there any cosmologists on Quora who don't believe that the universe is still expanding?
Why didn't the Big Bang trigger vacuum decay? Was this by chance?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
Has the big bang stopped, or is it still banging?
What is the most valuable thing for every intelligent being in the entire universe?
Do you think that there is someone who control this universe?
Imagining multiverse(s) exist and we can somehow teleport ourselves to other universes. Is it possible to send a drone too and control it from here?
How do we define the observable universe?
Did Big Bang occur in the space full of Vaccum?
Is there a truly stationary frame of reference for the Universe?
Is it true that before the Big Bang, the temperature was 0 Kelvin?
What is the high energetic radiation ever observed or theorised in the universe?
Is science more useful than other subjects for understanding our universe?
If we look at light, we are looking into the past and there is a limit to the observable universe. Is there a limit to how far back we can see?
How many times bigger is the known universe than the average human?
Let’s assume the multiverse is real. How would we react if Doctor Strange transported to our universe?
Is quantum field the most basic thing from which the whole universe came to being?
What are some unknown things about the Universe that I don't know about, but you do, and that I should know about?
How does the internet change the physics of the universe?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
Is there some substance in this universe that can float in light?
What if I know everything about this universe, literally everything about everything?
Where can I find material and accessible proof that the big bang happened or that Gods created the universe?
How can an electron be a point with no size if there is a minimum size in the universe (Planck length)?
What is the largest supercluster in the observable universe?
As a matter of overarching gravity theory, isn't it a fact that my 'weight' is a function of all of the matter in the universe, given a relative position?
When was the beginning of time? Isn't time supposed to be infinite, with no beginning and end?
Why is dark matter not aggregated into suns and planets?
What if there are multiple universes and this gravitational interactions cause the universe to expand? Can we call it dark energy?
Is the density of matter of the universe big enough to make a black hole of the universe?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
Why doesn't Robert Frost share his knowledge through YouTube videos so that people can easily understand interesting facts related to outer space?
Is intelligent life a collateral effect of the universe, or is it the main purpose of the universe?
What's the probability that we're not alone in the universe?
If a quasar and a galaxy were 5 billion light years away from us but in opposite directions, how long would it take the light from them to reach us, given the expansion rate of the universe? Can you explain the calculations?
If a photon doesn't experience time, what is the logic in saying the light from a distant star takes a certain number of light years to reach Earth?
How would one quantify the human life-span in relation to an infinite universe?
What is inflation in the universe?
What is the proof that the universe was first a singularity?
Why is everything spherical in outer space?
Is the knowledge bigger than the universe?
What would happen if all stars in the universe explode at once?
Why is it called the big bang when no one can hear you in space?
Did matter exist before big bang?
What are the odds that there really is no other life in the universe? Edit: This pertains to any kind of life whatsoever,microscopic or intelligent.
Does the beam from a Gamma Ray Burst expand?
Are galaxies expanding?
If the Big Bang happened, and space is supposed to expand in a spherical way, then why, according to Einstein, is space flat?
What do you disagree with or about that many others agree on, with and to?
If the universe began from a point, then that point must have been the strongest black hole. How did the particles begin to move apart?
How is there a finite amount of Ricks in a multiverse of infinite possibilities?
Are the orbits of all planets in a same plane geometrically?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
Why isn't there a huge empty space in the center of the universe if it started with a big bang?
If the universe was created as virtual reality known as a simulation by an advanced race, why would there be a need for a Big Bang?
Is there anything about an atom that is solid or is everything in the universe vibrations?
What if time were the same everywhere in the universe? Would something change?
Is the information content of the Universe increasing, decreasing or constant?
What existed outside of the infinitesimal singularity before the Big Bang?
When our universe dies out, will another take its place?
Due to the expansion of the universe, will there come a time then when even the earth and the moon move away from each other? Even electrons away from its nucleus?
Does everything in the universe rotate clockwise?
Like Earth, does the universe have gravity?
Have you ever stared into the vastness of the universe and pondered over the futility of human achievements?
What would happen if we switched the ratio of dark energy to regular energy in the universe?
Why does adiabatic expansion cause cooling?
If the universe is expanding, then isn't the speed of light also increasing? Would a photon travelling through space which isn't expanding compared to a photon that is travelling through expanding space have travelled different distances?
If you could meet the universe’s creator and ask one question with the warranty that the answer is going to be 100% legit, what would you ask?
Cosmologists say that the known universe is 77% dark matter. What is the composition of dark matter?
Will the universe last a trillion years?
If a parallel universe doesn’t exist, can we still dream?
Is there a possibility that somewhere in the universe there is a star that revolves around its planet? Maybe the planet's gravity is so strong that its star started to revolve round it.
If you could change 1 thing about the universe, what would it be and why?
What are some myths about extraterrestrial life that are actually true?
If the universe's expansion is still accelerating, then how is the BIG CRUNCH possible?
Which one is bigger, S5 0014+81 or Sagittarius A*?
Has Brian Green’s block universe been experimentally observed? Is it an empirical fact?
How old is the universe and the earth according to Hinduism?
Is the universe infinite or does it have boundaries? Will it keep expanding forever?
Where can you find quasars in the universe?
If a person were to be transported to another universe in a billionth of a second would the space he left from collapse with a loud noise?
Is it possible the universe is round but appears flat because of its size?
Do you think there is another universe beyond blackhole?
Is it true that our best observations show about 100 billion galaxies each containing about 100 billion stars?
Does the second law of thermodynamics, coupled with the definition of entropy, point towards an infinite universe with infinite microstates?
In Hinduism, will the universe/creation endlessly continue to be made and be destroyed?
Is there any way that I can travel to the other end of the Universe?
According to a certain theory, the whole universe is considered to be a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole, then can this point towards the existence of God behind it?
If the space-time of the block universe exists eternally and statically, then how is causality possible (it seems absurd to deny that it exists)?
What is the evidence there is more than one universe?
Is it possible that we will see more stars in the future sky?
What's the relation between the continuous basalt fiber (CBF) and the space industry?
Could time be a 4 spacial dimension the universe is expanding in at the speed of light?
Is there a limit to how much humans can discover/know about the universe and existence?
What does the string theory say about the reality before the universe existed?
What does the universe want?
Is there a cosmologist, physicist, or philosopher who thinks it's possible that the size of the universe could be infinite? If so, who?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
The universe is told to be billions of years beyond us. Why do we think this world has not been visited?
If/when the universe stops expanding, will the night sky not be dark?
If before the beginning of this Universe and its precedents, if any, there was absolutely nothing? Then, even God would not exist, would you agree?
How could the rate of the expansion of the universe be greater than the speed of light?
Are there green stars in the universe?
What do you think about the Big Bang Theory in science?
Are there any evidence that we are living in multidimensional universe?
Do humans fit in the universe?
Can there ever be a civilization out there that is so advanced that it can create universes?
If the universe has charm to create life then is all life conscious?
How does energy act to expand the universe?
Can the 'multiverse theory' be considered as true? And if it is, then are there any possible ways we can make contact with other universes?
Can I feel the flow of the universe?
Which thing in the universe is stable and not affected by any type of matter or energy?
As the universe is expanding, will there be any change in laws of physics and time?
Is it not presumptuous to extrapolate the laws of physics as observed from our earth point of view to the huge remainder of the Universe?
What if the creation of the universe is not a straight, but rather a cycle or circle, which means the end itself is the reason of it's beginning?
When new space is created with the expansion of the universe, is additional Higgs field and time added? Is this quantifiable?
Why aren't some galaxies spherically shaped?
Does the fact that there is a smallest possible length (the Planck length) prove that the universe is a simulation?
Why are galaxies disc-shaped, unlike celestial bodies?
What are some wonders of the universe?
Is there any proof of the Multiverse?
If we cannot discover dark matter, will the big bang hypothesis crash?
If a billion-year-old star transformed into a human, what would its mindset be?
What if expanding universe crash stops with a wall?
What is the expansion of the universe? What is beyond the universe?
If nothing is at rest in this universe, then are those Newtonian laws incorrect?
Is the universe really 13 billion years old? I don't think we've solved the age of the universe yet.
When will they discover intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
Does the creation of the universe prove the existence of a higher power?
Are there humans out there in the universe?
If the universe has no beginning then how would one traverse infinity to reach the present?
Have we discovered 6 parallel universes as explained in YouTube videos of Edward Mentill?
What created the cause of big bang?
Which incidents in the universe are terrible?
What is causing our universe to expand at an ever increasing speed? Seems like it will be pretty lonely some day, unless a galaxy or two hangs with us.
What is the furthest point humans have seen of the universe with an Earth-bound telescope?
If space is expanding, what is after space stops?
Do parallel universes succumb to the "Big Crunch"?
How is the Universe most likely to end - a big crunch, heat death, or a big rip?
If the universe is expanding faster than the speed of light then why can we see distant objects?
Were the Nobel Prize winners who were awarded for evidence of an accelerating universe essentially wrong as Oxford astrophysicist Subir Sarkar claims?
Was Einstein initially wrong when he proposed a theory of an infinite universe? Was LeMaitre correct by proposing the Big Bang Theory?
What is the concept of the Universe?
Does empty space offers resistance to an object?
Can we change something in the universe?
Has the expansion rate of space ever pause/stopped slowed?
If nothing is faster than the speed of light, then how does darkness get there?
Could our universe be a wrapped around a 4-dimensional quark in a 4-dimensional universe?
Is the universe infinite? If not, what is beyond that?
Does expansion of space means celestial bodies and particles moving away from each other?
How big is the universe? Are there multi-universes? If so, what is that cluster of universes called?
Does the evolution of the Universe defy thermodynamics?
If the universe originated from a singularity, does that point or spot still exist (it should, since it cannot disappear)? Where is it?
If the total energy in the known universe is non-zero with respect to a vacuum, then what is the source or sink of this energy?
Wouldn't a finite amount of mass going through changes eventually exhaust all possibility of change, given infinite time?
Shouldn't the light depicting the early universe have passed through the spot where earth is now long ago, making it impossible to observe it?
Would it be possible that in the distant future the entire universe will become just one black hole?
Is a World Space Agency better in improving our knowledge about Cosmos than say agencies of separate countries like NASA, JAXA, ISRO, ESA?
Is what this person says in this lecture true?
What is the roundest object in the known universe?
As there are innumerable universes, is it possible that we may get our next birth in a different universe?
If the universe is like the Matrix, then how would you hack it?
Could there be millions of planets like earth in our universe?
What is the biggest difference possible of time's speed in two planets in the universe?
Why do we see an primitive universe through a telescope?
Can it not be so that one of Andromeda and Milky Way be in elliptical orbit around the other one and they will never collide?
What does it mean when it is said that the "universe is transparent"?
What is Big Bang Management?
Did Stan Lee know parallel universe, in those days itself?
Since the universe created you and me, does that mean it's technically God?
What would be our universe with 2 temporal dimensions instead of one?
If a god created the universe, how would he know instantaneously?
How does the universe work exactly?
Is there any theory or research before the Big Bang?
Would it be sad if humans colonized the entire universe in the future?
If we were observing a big bang within our universe, how much time would it take to create stars and planets?
Does a time turner create an alternate universe or does it simply transport people to the past?
In our universe planets consume space and is surrounded by "empty" space. Could there be an anti-universe that would look like Swiss cheese?
Can scientists calculate the place from which the universe is expanding outward?
Is there a possibility of a worm hole? If so, what exactly is a worm hole?
What do we mean by the expansion of the universe? What is expanding?
Doesn't the existence of our universe violate the law of the conservation of energy?
At plank scales is the universe similar to a Conway’s game of life?
Why do we strive for equality if God/life/universe created us as unequals?
How do we know the Earth is 4.5 billion years old?
Can we track aliens even if they come in front of us?
If every single thing has an end and a starting point, then how do we apply this to our universe?
When calculating phenomenons in the universe and the answer is infinity, does that mean we actually don't know?
Is it theoretically possible to create an artificial Big Bang?
Can a giant sphere of pure water (as big as you want, not infinite radius) exist in space?
Is the universe rotating, moving or expanding?
I'm 17 and I'd like to move to Istanbul after university. How can I make this happen?
How bright would it be if the Orion Nebula was 4 light years away?
Where is the real universe? Inside our mind or outside it?
If the universe originated from a speck, how was that not a black hole?
If our solar system is the only thing that's left in this universe, how will it affect us?
How does natural decay occur in a superfluid universe?
Is time in our universe a function of being unable to travel at the observed speed of light?
The 3 things not fully discovered yet are the universe, history and the depth of the sea. Is this true?
Will the maximum speed of anything in universe change if we discover something lighter than light?
Has the universe come into existence from a previously existing universe or real multiverses outside of our universe?
Do physicists still try to find one equation that explains the whole universe?
Were most of today's black holes formed in the early universe?
Does the Universe exist only because we're here to observe it?
Does dark energy increase as the universe expands?
Do you believe we will ever be able to travel to another universe?
What if God is not some separate entity that creates, but instead is the Universe itself?
What/who was the external force that repelled the universe into motion?
Is there any stronger force than gravity in the cosmos in a planetary fashion?
Is there any matter in the universe that does not solidify?
What is the best theory about the universe you've ever read?
I've had many close calls in my life but never been seriously hurt. Could it be because I died in many parallel universes but not in this one?
An atom is 99.99% empty space. In empty space, does an electromagnetic field exist or not?
In the early universe, since the average density of matter was much greater, could light have moved more slowly and time increased more quickly?
Does the concept of a multi-universe exist and is there any proof of it?
Why do people have a need to understand what happened before the big bang?
Is the universe infinite or finite? If it is finite, what is beyond the boundary?
What are the worst problems unique to today's society?
If Deadpool has cancer, why hasn't the entire universe turned into a blob of flesh?
How is the origin of the universe explained by quantum physics?
Can artificial intelligence and quantum computers answer the unanswered phenomena in theoretical physics regarding dark matter, the big bang, etc.?
Is the universe, in its most essential elemental quality, a type of three-dimensional clock?
How did the infinite space come into existence to enable the Big Bang to expand into it?
Is there any temperature that could destroy the universe?
What are some Mathematical ideas that don't exist in reality/the universe?
What is a parallel earth universe?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
If we prove that God doesn't exists or if the Big Bang never occurred then does it mean we are in a simulation?
Science tells us that the universe had a beginning. What created the first cause?
Would it be accurate to say that the universe is expanding along the time axis, into the future?
Does the universe actually exist?
What is the purpose of background radiation in the universe?
What could be the starting point of this universe?
Will elephants always exist in at least one universe? When this universe collapses, will another take its place and still have elephants?
How do we know that our universe was formed by the Big Bang?
How was the universe created? Who created trillions of galaxies, each with trillions of Stars and planets. Why? When? How? For what?
According to Mormon theology, did God actually create the universe?
Why did dark energy begin to dominate the universe?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
If the Big Bang was a finite mass that created our universe then does that not prove that our universe is finite and not infinite?
In a parallel universe, what would your profession be?
How would Prof Walter Lewin explain Multiverse Theory to a Layman in a no-math fashion?
How did the universe come from nothing? Is energy supplied to create mass?
Why is it that the vast majority believe we are alone in this vast universe (let's not get started on the multiverse)?
Is dark energy evidence of our universe flowing into another universe?
If the universe is expanding, how can two galaxies collide? Would it depend on whether or not the expansion speed between the two galaxies is different?
What does the universe look like in our own eye (not designed by computers or something else)?
How is space time expanding?
What are some most puzzling questions about universe that are unanswered yet?
If the earth was shrunk down to a size of an atom how big will the universe be?
Where did the origin of the Big Bang come from?
Planck length and time act as a characteristic lower bound . Could we expect a corresponding characteristic upper bound?
What is the best strategy for functioning if the universe/existence is a random series of events?
What is anatomy of the universe?
If the universe was spawned from a hypermassive black hole, would that account for the expansion of the universe?
If the expansion of the universe leads to the creation of energy, is the corollary also true?
Is it that relativity and quantum physics do not oppose each one another, but that they actually do fit with each other?
Is the expansion of the Universe the reason time ticks forward?
Since everything is moving in universe, how do we find speed of objects in space?
What are evidences of star formation in elliptical galaxies?
How we determined the rate of universe expansion?
Given the number of stars systems in the universe, could there be an exact replica of ours, down to the population of Earth?
What is the general content of the inflation theory that would have occurred the second before the Big Bang?
How are the percentages of dark matter and dark energy calculated?
Did some form of energy cause the universe into existence?
If there was ever a parallel universe, what would it be like?
How did your highschool and university experience shape you?
Is the observable universe actually the entire universe?
Is it possible that without humans or other intelligent life to observe the universe, that the universe is without meaning itself?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
How many dominoes would there need to be in order to approximate Universe Sandbox²?
What is total change in entropy of the universe?
How do they measure how big the universe is?
Did the universe exist before it started existing, considering that 'before' did not exist?
During the Big Bang, what type of energy was released?
Are physics possible without observation? Is phenomenological consciousness the product of or creative source of material relations in the universe?
Which Came first: 'The laws of Physics' or ' The God' (Creator)?
What is the meaning of life, the universe and just about everything?
Are there different Hindu Gods in different Hindu universes?
What do the edges of the universe look like?
How can I prove that entropy of the universe is increasing?
How does the Big Bang differ from a white hole?
Is mathematics the spirit of the universe?
How much energy is equivalent to the mass of the universe?
How do we know that parallel universes exist?
On what does this universe stand?
What are some of the mesmerizing photos in the universe?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
If the universe is 92 billion light years in diameter, then what is the outside of the universe?
Is it safe to assume that God lives in this universe even though he created it? What if God resides outside our universe? What does that mean for us?
If we could delete the universe but preserve a book with all the laws of physics and the most advanced supercomputer possible, could we rebuild it?
What came first, even before God or the Big Bang?
If 1 proton was removed from every atom in the universe, what would happen?
In the early beginnings of the universe the first stars that formed were giants. Which ones died and which ones survived? How and why?
If you travel back through time, would the mass and energy you are made of just disappear from the present universe?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is universe made up of?
What would you have done differently as a student in university?
How has dark matter played such a major role in the formation of galaxies and larger structures throughout the universe?
What's scientifically wrong with this picture of the big bang?
Does Quantum Mechanics prove the universe is non-deterministic?
From the Friedmann equations, can we see that the universe will continue to expand forever?
If big bang happened everywhere, then why we say that primeval atom (singularity) had zero dimension, was this atom present everywhere?
What is the biggest thing in the whole Universe?
Can an something with infinite mass bend the whole universe?
If time is not chronological, could the universe itself (matter, energy, space, etc.) have preceded the physical laws that allowed it to exist?
Can there be other universe?
In what way would the universe be different if everything disappeared except an orange?
Is the ratio of empty space to matter within an atom the same as the ratio of empty space to matter in our observable universe?
If the universe is made of Higgs boson, then what is dark matter?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, and if evolution is a constant in every parallel, would that suggest the evolution of God?
According to the Bible, God created the heavens and earth. What did he make it from? I also find the big bang theory hard to fathom.
What is unique in the universe?
I'm 17 and just realized that the universe is indifferent to our suffering. The universe still expands. Life goes on. What is the point?
A star can fuse until it is iron, but how does it get additional energy to fuse into more massive elements after going supernova?
If space is cold, why doesn't it extinguish the flames from a rocket?
If we could somehow capture all of the light in the universe, would we be able to debunk religion?
Is there any way to estimate what percentage the visible universe is of the total universe’s volume?
What if the speedup in the expansion of the Universe is to make room for something else?
Is it fair to say that a given Galaxy with a recession velocity equal to the speed of light ceases to become part of the observable universe?
Where did the energy of the Higgs field originate? Was it from the Big Bang?
Why don't people seem to grasp the vast distances in the universe?
No matter where you are in space, space is expanding in all directions. What would it look like if you were standing in the middle of a black hole?
When antimatter gets into our universe from others, which may change the total amount of energy, doesn't it break the first law of thermodynamics?
How can the universe eternally evolve without ever beginning? If there is an initial beginning for the universe to evolve then what was its cause?
If the big bang is considered the first domino, then everything till now is the result of it and so is everthing as destined?
What is the highest radio frequency ever generated?
In the future, could we simulate an entire universe, and live inside of it?
Why is Boomerang Nebula the coldest place in the universe?
IF there are parallel universes, What is the connection or logic that I'm living in OTHER universes too?
Is there such a thing called universal consciousness? If so, what is it?
What is the multiverse theory?
Is it my imagination, or does the Big Bang sound an awful lot like "Let There Be Light"?
Does everything have a start and an end? What's the universe like before its born? And what's the universe like after its death?
What does universal language mean?
What does Stephen Hawking’s quote “The Universe doesn't allow perfection,” mean ?
What is left in the universe to discover (theories, experiments, etc.)?
What will we achieve if we find how the universe got into existence?
How does the university market itself?
Are there older and similar sitcoms to The Big Bang Theory?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
How do we define "existence" (because we always say that the universe exists)?
How did the universe initially acquire mass?
How do we know that the universe is 4D?
Do you believe there are intelligent life forms (aliens) that exist in a kind of parallel universe?
How did the Universe, after the Big Bang, understand to separate light from darkness?
Did time and space exist within the singularity that preceded the Big Bang?
If dark matter makes up such a huge percentage of the universe, why hasn't it been obtained in a tangible form yet?
What are the chances of life somewhere else in the universe?
If the energy in the universe is finite, then does this mean that the universe is also finite and entropy will eventually reach an equilibrium state where it will go in both directions and the flow of time will stop?
What is the answer to life, the universe and everything? How do you get it and what does it mean?
What effect does a 2 trillion+ galaxy universe have on the multiverse theory?
By integrating the Freidmann equations, the age of a flat Freidmann universe comes to 9 billion years, so why is the result less than 13.772 billion years?
How much of the universe consists of unobservable matter?
How is the Sun's rotation important in the Universe?
Could the universe have an unlimited or even infinite number of dimensions like Hilbert Space?
Is accident the most occurring thing in the universe?
What would be the volume occupied by all particles in the universe if they were put together (obviously ignoring all fundamental forces)?
Is the "many-worlds interpretation" similar to the concept of "parallel universes"?
How did water come into existence for the first time (the Big Bang suggests explosions, then what)?
What is the proof that universe is expanding?
If the universe is expanding with an accelerating constant how can the universe be so homogeneous?
If square circles existed, what would recent history be like, along with everything else in history, prehistory, the universe and everything?
The general consensus is that the Big Bang gave birth to time. It was the beginning of the universe or the moment of creation. What triggered it?
Since everything that can happen will happen in an infinite universe, will time travel backward, which the theory of relativity does not forbid?
Based on current understandings of the Universe, could white holes exist?
Where does the universe end? Earth has its own diameter likewise, so how can the universe be infinite?
Can stars form outside galaxies?
Is the "law of the conservation of energy" a universal law? Is it applicable everywhere in the universe?
How will technology help people in future years?
If the universe is expanding, why do objects pass the Earth and other bodies from different directions?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
Is it possible to define time as absolute and have a theory that agrees the observations?
What do you think will exist/happen at the edge of the whole universe?
Isn't "Time Travel" essentially impossible (or at least extremely dangerous), if we don't know exactly how we are moving through the universe?
How do we know the Universe is isotropic?
We are in a very very small part of universe, means our existence doesn't matter, then should we die?
If there is advanced intelligent life throughout the universe, is it feasible to think that most life in the universe could be artificial?
Are we certain that a single Big Bang occurred?
If we find carbon-based life elsewhere in the universe, how different can they be from Earthly life?
Is a black hole a point?
Are galaxies at the edge of the observable universe disappearing from our telescopes due to the accelerated expansion of the universe?
Could future humans have control over the forces of nature and the universe?
Do atoms expand too due to the expansion the Universe?
What are the closest and farthest quasars ever discovered, and how does this compare to the distance to the edge of the observable Universe?
Can two parallel universe merge together?
According to the Age of Light, what day of the week did the universe begin?
How was our universe created, according to Bhagwad Gita?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
Why does a flat universe have zero total energy?
What is the "plan" for the totality of creation (all that infinitely exists)?
Is the Big Rip still a possibility?
Do other worlds exists in the universe?
If space goes on expanding, then will the matter exist?
Has science found any clue for the existence of any supernatural power which created the universe and life?
If, from a photon’s point of view, the entire universe is point-like, how can we live in such a universe?
What would exactly happen if the solar system encountered a clump of dark matter?
Could the Big Bang still be occurring in a continuous fashion where new matter is coming into existence all the time rather than a one time event?
Do all the stars in our universe fuse with hydrogen?
Why are we far from the universe and outer space? Are there people like us living on other planets?
Did the Big Bang start with energy or with mass?
Is a quark the smallest thing in the universe? Does it have a shape?
If the universe was created by an intelligent algorithm that duplicates the Bible's characteristics of God, would it matter?
In our universe, is it impossible to have something that is lower than three dimensional?
If the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how is the observable universe 64b light years old?
Can pure chance control order?
If I wanted to completely destroy the universe (or most of it), what would be the best approach? Feel free to interpret the question as you see fit.
What if the bug that scientists say we need to prove the universe is a simulation is actually the universe?
Could a super artificial intelligent being create universes in the future?
If there are other universes or galaxies beyond ours, do they have gravitational pull to or from something? Does it affect our universe?
What are geomagnetic pulsations?
How many planck seconds have there been since the Big Bang?
Where can I get stream from live telescope for looking at galaxies in the universe?
From a star, in an otherwise empty and non-expanding universe, would light eventually circle back to its origin?
What is one key feature of the universe that inflation explains?
Is the universe concious of its existence?
Is the universe expanding and contracting at the same time?
What is the probability of intelligent life happening at the instant moment of our civilization which performs innovation?
Why do people think God is all loving when nature is hostile and God is obviously malevolent?
Abraham Hicks says you can have anything desired if you align to the frequency of the Universe. Is there scientific theory or fact that supports this?
How can there be an infinite plane sheet because if there are corners, it means that it is ending somewhere, is it then not infinite?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
The earth is 4 billion years old. Weather records are 100 years old. Is it not possible that global warming is part of evolution?
How is the expansion of the universe consistent with General Relativity?
How old do Muslims think the universe is?
There are between 1072107210^{72} to 1082108210^{82} atoms in the universe. Can you break down that number into something more understandable, to put it in perspective?
If such a thing as an infinite multiverse exist would one exist where Marvel superheros are real?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Has the fact that the Universe is accelerating made you question or change your initial beliefs about the Big Bang?
How exactly do we observe the observable universe?
If we keep on sending probes and spacecrafts far away into the vast universe never to be retrieved, will we run out of our resources one day?
Do you believe there is "intelligent life" elsewhere in the universe? If so, would such life be exploring space and visiting other planets?
Does the present universe contain more mass than the initial Big Bang particle?
What is the Big Crunch theory?
What caused the explosion in the super atom at the time of Big Bang?
Since the universe is expanding, are we getting bigger as individuals or is the expansion only at a certain scale?
Do you know of Hasanuddin University?
Is it possible that our universe is a giant kaleidoscope?
Will Asian elephants always re-emerge throughout time in newly created or parallel universes? Will this happen with all animals?
Do space enthusiasts feel bad knowing that they will never be able to travel and see the galaxies of the universe?
Do physical laws suggest the universe was created by a higher power?
If the universe has a radius of about 46.5 GLY, why can't we only see galaxies and stars that are located before 14GLY?
What are two ways to measure the age of the universe?
Is the cosmos a collection of objects in space or a canvas with content representing objects in time?
If I had a time machine and I made it go back 15 billion years, further than the age of the universe, what would happen?
If the universe is a holographic projection, does that mean that the flat-earth people and intelligent design theory might be right?
If space is expanding faster the speed of light, It means that space time is stretched all across the universe, then how can particles come together?
Before the Big Bang, there was practically no time. What might have happened for the Big Bang to take place?
Is the universe flat or a sphere?
Why do people believe science when they already know their reality?
Will we ever be able to hands-on tweak the algorithms of novelty and archetype distribution?
Is it true that Godel's incompleteness theory proves that magic created the universe?
Does the Conservation of angular momentum (as a 'recognised truth') contradict the big bang Theory?
Can somebody hear my problem and the pain I am going through?
How do we know the universe is changing?
If there was a movie about the whole existence of the universe, for how long would the humans be in it?
What if we can move Europa to Earth's orbit?
If time didn't exist before the big bang, how could the big bang have happened?
Is multiverse a theory or has it been proven?
What is the percentage of randomness in the Universe?
If an electron was suddenly created in an empty universe, what would happen to the electric field around it?
Does the multiverse exist?
What is the probability that we are the only life forms in the whole universe?
How can anyone be certain that the observer and the observed are on par with each other relative to the wavefunction of the universe?
Before the Big Bang, if nothing existed, where did the elements to make the universe come from?
Since the universe was symmetrically scattered after the Big Bang, is it possible that there is an exact replica of the earth somewhere?
If somehow anywhere in the universe something could travel back in time would the entire universe go back in time or would it have a boundary?
Why are there so many wormhole models that rely on purely negative energy and none for the inflaton field which expanded the early universe?
Why isn't there a centre of the universe?
Given the scale of the observable universe, how come the speed of light is so slow?
Is dark matter a mirror of white matter?
Do you think an intellectually superior being created the universe and Earth?
Where the big bang took place, say the center of the universe, does time stand still?
Where does our universe lead to?
What exactly is the definition of a white hole in our universe?
I'm trying to wrap my head around the multi-verse theory and levels 1-4 parallel universes. Could someone simplify (dumb) this down for me?
If everything in the universe must follow the laws of physics (even the big bang some argue) then doesn't there have to be a creator for these laws?
What will the scientific community do when there are no more questions to be asked about the universe?
Should there be, theoretically, an object in the universe with the oldest clock?
Will we ever be able to use wormholes to transport ourselves to another galaxy or universe?
Universes can be created out of nothing. To a physicist, does this only make sense mathematically, or do they fully comprehend creation from nothing?
Would the "theory of everything" disprove the "multiverse" theory?
Will humans ever understand why there is a universe?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
If the universe is larger than the observable bubble that we are in, then how can anyone have any certainty as to how long ago the Big Bang occurred?
How was matter in the Universe created in the first place?
Where is the largest continuous area of nothingness (vacuum) in the universe located?
How should I explain if someone asks me why an entropy change of the universe can’t be negative?
At what rate does the light from the Big Bang get redder each day?
How do we know that there are 10^11 galaxies in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, then even if we found life in any corner of the galaxy, would it be possible & worth it to reach them with our present resources?
What's the status of the Big Bang theory?
How can the Universe be considered an accurate clock? What makes it tick?
Does light from neighboring galaxies take longer to reach us due to the expansion of space?
What is the Big Bang theory and its application?
How much dark matter is there in the observable universe?
What are the full details about the big bang theory?
How fast was the universe moving before the big bang?
What could be outside of the universe?
Does anyone understand the epicenter point of the beginning of our universe?
If the human brain is so amazing. Is it possible that there is something in the universe that is above rationality?
What happens to universe without time? What is the time?
Does super string theory really work and do the other dimensions or parallel universes exist?
What would happen if you would place a black hole inside of a black hole?
Is our universe in a time loop?
If the universe is ever expanding, why is the distance from our planet to our neighboring planets static?
Could we move the earth to a different star system one day if in 5 billion years the sun dies?
If our universe is a finite volume without an edge (3D space), does it mean that it is contained in a 4D space (finite or infinite)?
So is the final theory that there was nothing out there before the Big Bang. Total darkness, no temp. No nothing?
If the multiverse is in fact real, then does it mean there could be a probability of a clone of earth being in a newly created universe?
In what way were the constants that presented, predicted, and defined the expanding universe theory finely tuned?
Due to how vast the universe is, is it possible to find an element that is not on the periodic table?
Is the sum of the momentum of all objects in the universe equal to zero? Can we even know?
What are some of the things in the universe that are contrary to the concept of intelligent design?
What is the illogical and logical arguments for why the universe evolved?
What would happen if Betelgeuse exploded?
How do we know that dark matter is a form of "matter"?
If the Universe was created 13.8 billion years ago, what was present 1 hour before that?
If God (or another deity or even person) forced you to discover the meaning of the universe, how would you do it?
Could gravity be a product of the inertia of objects involved in the Big Bang?
Is it true most of the stars in the universe are red dwarfs and cannot feasibly harbor earth-like planets?
What is the temperature outside in the universe, if we exclude the temperature influence of external matter like nearby stars, etc.?
Assuming we have solved A.I. and have already conquered our galaxy, is it possible to expand past the local group into Virgo, or is it expanding too fast?
How can I be really sure about evolution? Thinking on it a bit, I realized that I am ignorant. I want to be sure that I am supporting something "real."
Can a single charged particle create an electric field throughout the entire universe?
You have created a sustaining universe and put mankind on a planet. Your life is within each person as an observer and a small voice. What is next?
Our Galaxy is 250,000 light years wide how thick is it?
Is there infinite mass in this universe?
Does proof of the real age of earth (billions of years) provide proof of the age of the creator - God?
If you had the capability to visit anywhere in the universe for five seconds, where would you go?
Is there an unknown black hole heading towards Earth?
Can sound destroy our universe?
Is the universe based on relativity, therefore is it finite?
If the Universe is expanding, is it true that light that we now view from distant stars, originated when those stars were much closer to the earth?
Knowing how vast our universe is, could the events of Star Wars actually have happened?
Are life forms on Earth, including humans, transiting the 4th dimension of the n-dimensional cycle of the universe?
Can you come up with a universally valid definition of the term "speed"?
Why has the universe expanded, and will it stop expanding?
Can we look upon the universe as a big melt with planets, Suns and nebulae as phase transitions in a vacuum still shaped as a Klein bottle?
Could the Fallout 4 Universe happen, like a parallel universe from ours?
If one of the microorganisms that lived billions of years ago was purposefully killed somehow by time travellers, would we exist now?
Is there an entire universe made of dark matter alongside what we can observe? (with dark planets, stars etc)
How much time has elapsed on Earth if I travel to a planet 12 billion light years away through a wormhole?
What if all the particles in the universe freeze?
What are the sources of the most powerful releases of energy in the universe, aside from the Big Bang?
Are there more stars in the observable than beyond the observable universe?
What is more likely, our universe being finite in an infinite multiverse, or an infinite universe without a multiverse?
Is it true that the universe is flat and if so how thick is it?
Aren't we interpreting the expansion of the universe wrong?
You have died in one universe and reality. How do you come back to life in that exact same universe and reality?
What is a universe?
If Earth became tidally-locked to the Sun, how would Earth look like given the following pictures?
How likely is it for the world to exist as the product of a simulated universe?
Do we know any mechanism in the universe that generates particles at 10^20 eV?
What is at the end of the universe?
Given how vast the universe is and how large the distance between stellar bodies is, shouldn’t most black holes evaporate soon after creation?
How long does it take light to go across the universe?
Do you believe that our will can be free in a predetermined universe?
Is it possible to have one universal, divine law for all mankind?
If ccc is the cosmic speed limit, how can the universe expand faster than ccc?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
Why is matter dense and space expanding?
Could the universe be a vacuum fluctuation?
What is the dead end of the universe?
Do you believe that space is random and infinite and therefore anything could happen?
Is there any scientific or mathematical backing behind the theory of parallel universes?
If I achieve immortality, what are the chances of me surviving until the universe dies?
Was Shakyamuni Buddha responsible for the universe?
How did gasses reach the far outer edges of the universe?
Why is the universe dark?
What do atheists believe created the atoms, particles or whatever was needed for the Big Bang to happen?
What is the farthest distance in the universe?
If our universe was on Facebook, what would have been its profile picture?
In Islamic perspectives, are heaven and hell physical places inside this universe or are they something outside of our realm of sciences?
How can the density of Universe be measured?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
Was every bit of matter/antimatter/particle present inside the infinitesimally small singularity of the Big Bang, or was it formed after the expansion?
Why isn't there antimatter in the universe?
If everything expands by 100 times suddenly, would we notice?
What exactly is dark matter present in the universe?
Can we imagine and quantify the entity prior to the Big Bang as we have an idea of what is out there now, including dark matter?
If the universe is infinite, shouldn't we experience an infinitely large amount of gravitatational force?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Did the particles ejected during/after the big bang have negative mass?
Does the fact that the universe can be traced back to an infinitesimal point suggest that everything is in some way unified?
Is it true that human body is globe of universe?
If the matter, out of which our solar system arose, contained more solids/rocks than gases would our 'Sun' be made of rock?
Can the universe splitting process in many worlds be observer independent?
Why is there the word "universe" in University? What does it depict?
How can physics be used to understand our universe?
Is there more matter contained in compact structures like stars and planets or between structures like the interstellar medium and voids?
How significant is the earth in the universe?
How is it possible for astronomers to know such exact information about the Universe?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
Is the universe continually cooling down? Why?
What’s the minimum time needed to develop an intelligent lifeform since the Big Bang?
If the amount of dark energy in the universe depends on its volume, won't the Schwarzschild radius eventually become bigger than the universe?
Does the intelligent design theory represent a religion's theory about the creation of human beings, Earth and the universe?
What is importance of the number 9 in time, space and the universe?
Will anything man-made still exist in one billion years' time?
What makes living organisms different from everything else in the universe?
Living in a universe with infinite possibilities, how do people stay focused only on primary needs and not move on?
Could Hawking radiation from a black hole in our universe be making new universes?
Is "the universe is expanding at an increasing rate" an illusion rather than fact?
How do I ask for forgiveness from the universe or God?
Are galaxies moving away from one another at different speeds as the Universe expands?
If the universe is expanding, how are distance measurements constant?
Are there as many planets in the universe as there are numbers in Pi sequence?
Where did the energy came form for the big bang?
What will the universe be like if there are no black holes?
If all humans lived until end of the universe and could do anything, what would you do?
Can 13.6 billion years of time pass without someone to observe that time passing?
What is the most mind-blowing fact about the universe?
What in the universe would be equivalent to 1 trillion megatons of TNT?
Why are red (“dead”) galaxies usually spheroidal?
What is the best way to explain why the moon's shadow travels eastward across the Earth's surface during a solar eclipse?
How big could the largest conscious thing in the universe be?
Will there come a point where dark energy is no longer expanding the universe?
If something cannot come from nothing, then how do atheists explain the creation of the universe?
Which of these comparisons has the biggest difference - an atom compared to the earth, or the earth compared to the universe?
Statisticly speaking, can we be 100% sure that inteligent life is an ordinary thing in universe?
Do cosmologists believe the universe is actually infinite in volume or just effectively infinite?
What would happen if one consumes ice from the rings of Saturn?
Does the universe get heavier as it expands? If so, does 'space' weigh something?
Are we imagining the universe, or does it truly exist?
Is "time" just another theory we invented to explain the phenomena we observe?
Could the known universe be a minute portion of another rotating structure subjected to its own mass and gravitational field?
What snack do you eat when you read a good book?
Did the Lord create the universe or was the lord the result of the universe creation?
Does every object in the Universe vibrate in a frequency?
What are some shocking facts about the universe that only NASA knows?
Are black holes the universe’s hard drives?
If the universe is finite, then are some galaxies closer to, or at the "edge" of it?
What is the proof that the multiverse indeed exists?
How small are we in the universe?
What is the best perception in this whole world and the Universe?
What will happen if a planet bigger/smaller than ours collides with the earth? Will they merge together, or will there be an explosion?
Is it true that the universe is made of pure energy, not fundamental particles?
Does the math that supports the expansion of the Universe prove its expansion, or is it just self fulfilling?
If the Big Bang took only milliseconds to disperse all the galaxies light years apart, then how did the matter get there faster than the speed of light?
If the current rate of expansion of the universe is about 70 km/s per megaparsec, will it be 75 km/s per megaparsec in a few years?
What's the story about someone who said the universe is only about 6000 years old?
If 5 percent of the universe is baryonic matter, then what percent of baryonic matter is there in the multiverse?
If a Galaxy is 12 billion light years away, wouldn't it take 24 billion years to get there?
By what means could the universe cool down by multiple factors of 10 in the first few minutes after the big-bang?
What existed a light year away from the big bang?Why space formed after the big bang?
Since photons have energy, could we use them as 'vehicles' of transportation across the closest parts of the Universe in our lifetime?
About how many galaxies are in the known Universe?
Is it likely that there is no alien life in the universe, and that Earth is unique?
Could dark energy and space expansion stop a collision between Andromeda and the Milky Way?
To find Graham’s number if we started at the beginning of the universe to the end, using all Google computing power—how far would we be?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What, if any, is the connection between extra dimensions and the multiverse?
What is the zero energy universe hypothesis? Break it down as you would to a really stupid person.
How many pounds of ANFO are equal to the big bang?
If multiple universes exist, what indications would there be and how could we determine their existence?
How do you assign value to individual, human existence when reality, or the universe, seems to be indifferent to it? (edited details for clarity)
What happens in vast multiverse?
In terms of energy is the universe a closed system?
Have you ever had any indication that you were from a parallel universe?
Do you ever wonder how big our universe is?
If the universe is infinite doesn't that mean that everything happens at once?
If there are parallel universes, do they collapse in on themselves? Is there a parallel universe where it doesn’t?
Can universe have boundaries?
If the chronon were to be experimentally verified, would that mean space is also discrete?
If white holes exist, does that mean entropic death or big freeze of universe are not possible?
Could an extragalactic Gamma Ray Burst destroy life on Earth?
Why are all stars in our universe mostly made up of hydrogen and helium?
What are some facts about Lucknow University?
What do we know about the size of the universe?
How many nukes would it take to destroy the observable universe?
Was our universe born from a super-supermassive black hole? Is that what causes dark energy in our universe’s super-supermassive black hole outflow?
If you learned that the multiverse is true, how would that affect your view of morality?
How come universe expands with speed more than speed of light?
Is the human mind wired to understand the universe?
Why do only 1% of the mankind succeed in making a mark in the universe while the 99% fail?
I read that a satellite proved the Big Bang wrong and that it was really space dust that we thought was light red shifting, is this true?
What is the endpoint of the universe?
What can I do as a space nerd who loves to learn about Universe that counts as an extracurricular?
How much of the observable universe may already be gone by the time we're seeing it?
What is the mechanistic explanation for the expansion of space in the universe?
How fast is universe expanding? Will it ever stop? What is dark energy that's driving it?
If universe starts at Big Bang (13.7 billion years ago), according to evolution, how much we were lucky (by percent) to become an intelligent being?
What may be the size of the universe?
What is the best way to understand the Universe?
If the universe is expanding, then why are constellations in the same place from the time I was born?
Why did the universe have a large, fast growth period?
How does an infinite universe get into a degenerate state?
Why is it that our universe consists more of particals and less antiparticles?
Is it possible that there’s a planet in the universe where time goes slower or faster compared to earth?
Is there noise in the signal of the universe, i.e. is there action without cause in the universe?
What are some amazing facts about the universe which we do not know?
What are the most interesting planets in the Universe?
Is it possible to destroy the universe?
If energy is always conserved, doesn’t that mean that the universe will never die?
Are antineutrinos as rare as other antimatter in our universe?
Why is it now, now? Why isn't the universe only 6 months old or 56,7801 billions years, or whatever?
Was the universe dark or bright just before it started expanding?
What will the universe be without an earth?
If you could see any object in the universe without it killing or damaging you, what object would you choose to see?
Why does the Universe wants harmony?
What’s wrong with the theory that the universe was self created?
If a jerk (m/s^3) causes damage to a car, why wouldn't the expansion of the universe cause a tear in the space and time?
Since time does not pass at the speed of light, is it possible to see the whole history of our universe at the same time?
According to the concept of a parallel universe, is it possible to have a parallel universe where this theory is proved wrong?
If a Bose-Einstein condensate can form in space, is it possible that the true size of our universe is not what we think it is?
From a religious perspective, what is the point of other planets, stars, and the universe? Why did your God create them?
What is the biggest identifiable star in the universe?
What would happen if all stars combined in the universe?
How are inert gases present in the universe?
Is every bit of space expanding?
How can the Big Bang Theory be summarized and explained?
At the very beginning of the big bang, first planck sec- 3 mins, what was the geometry of space/time?
Does the Big Bang theory have a supporting energy source? Or we should believe in a source older than the Big Bang?
What do you think about the Star Forge from KOTOR in terms of in-universe logic?
How can galaxies be 13.5 billion years away and the universe be 13.5 billion years old?
Is there any void space in universe?
Can God himself be the Universe itself?
Will mass of any and every object in the universe increase or dicrease or dissapear if everything in the universe stops moving?
Do all objects in the universe exist within galaxies?
What is the true north with respect to Milky Way and the universe when observing from the Earth?
Is there a relation between the speed of universe expansion and the speed of causality?
Why does our universe have an infinite volume, given that it began with a sizeless point?
Could we create, in the future, new kinds of matter using nanotechnology and create new universes and planets, etc.?
'You are in the universe, you must leave the universe.' Is this loophole free?
If the universe spins like a top it would necessarily have a centre of gravity. What properties might such a singular point possess?
Dark energy is missing. Sixty-eight percent of the Universe is gone. How are we to explain that?
What is the proof that CMBR is the afterglow of the Big Bang? How did scientists come to this conclusion?
How do scientists know precisely how far away a particular celestial object is, e.g. a galaxy or quasar?
What is your personal theory on how the universe started?
Is there any possibility that our entire universe is a sub atomic particle and is a part of a larger universe?
Why is the universe is so vast?
Is the universe the surface of a 4d ball?
Does the universe have to make sense under the laws of physics?
If the universe was still and there was no motion, would there be time as in one moment of frozen state to the next?
Is there a finite amount of energy/matter in the universe?
Sir Edwin Hubble noticed that all galaxies were moving away from us. Shouldn't there be some galaxies moving towards us?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
How big is Jain University?
If our universe is a drop of water, and galaxies are molecules, what would be the smallest observable celestial body with the current technology?
What can completely destroy the universe?
Is spider Gwen in a parallel universe?
How can an infinite universe be created in a big bang?
What analogy is used to describe our solar system, galaxy and universe?
Could the Big Bang be a huge transcendental event?
What is the smallest change in the laws of physics that would result in the end of humans?
Can anyone tell which thing in the universe never dies?
What do you think about the Higgs Field collapsing? Do you think it could happen, and do you think it would happen in our lifetime?
Did Aristarchus of Samos claim that the sun was at the center of the solar system or the then-known universe?
Are there other universes that also exist?
Where am I in the universe?
What do you think is the most intriguing theory about the universe?
Is this universe actually just a tiny part of a a multi-universe inside of an organism in the macrosphere?
If we discovered that there was a creator of our universe and only one person could make contact, who'd be the most qualified?
What do you think is outside the universe?
How do I select our course in demeed university it depnds on marks or our wish?
How does the expansion of space affect us locally?
How many grains of sand would fill the observable universe?
Why should there be a reason for everything occurring in the universe?
Will heaven exist when ultimately universe will end up in cold and dark?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
Is the universe ends even the universe ends there's and other portion this keeps on going does it have any ending explain?
Which term are you most comfortable with, God or universe?
How do you think universal accelerating expansion is affecting the human condition?
What is a parallel universe? Does it move in an opposite manner to our universe?
Does the Big Bang constitute a model or a theory?
If sound cannot travel in a vacuum, why does science use the term "Big Bang"? Is it to keep the Almighty God out of the equation?
Is dark energy responsible for the expansion of the universe?
If something has a beginning and an end, could it be an infinite? The beginning is the big bang, and the end is a black hole, so what is infinite?
Theoretically, how many atoms are there in the universe?
Is the universe older than 13.7 billion years old?
Can the ‘shell theorem' be applied theoretically/mathematically to the entire cosmos?
Is the redshift data that determines the expansion of the Universe readily available to the public?
Did all the universes come from a single point (singularity)? Did that point divide to form other universes?
In the Big Bang, how large was the initial 'starting' clump of material that went 'bang', and why was it all randomly bunched together?
Can universe fit Graham’s Number number of atoms?
Where would you live in the Witcher universe and what would you do for a living?
Can anime exist in a multiverse or in the afterlife?
Which are the things or laws or concepts in universe difficult for human mind to explain and are beyond imagination?
If the Big Bang was the start of everything, how can some suns/planets be billions/millions of years older?
Can humans create another universe?
Why did the Big Bang explode? Had something already been going on within a singularity that reached its threshold and resulted in an explosion?
If there is no God, then how was the universe created from nothing when nothing was there previously?
Why are humans so mean and cynical in the Alien universe?
Could any scientist say when the actual Big Bang occurred (the last hour?)
Can we bend universes?
Is the universe the product of a black hole?
What if there is another Earth?
If the universe is infinitely long, how can it expand? Doesn't it imply that it has a limited diameter?
Can we calculate the entire energy required to create our universe?
Why is Polaris (North Star) flashing?
What is at the edge of the universe? Is the universe infinite?
What would happen if time did not exist? How different would the universe be?
How do we give out our exact coordinates in the universe so alien life may find us?
What is the most volatile element in the universe?
How big is the earth to ants, compared to humans and the known universe?
Does the accelerating force created by the expansion of the universe act on objects like gravity?
Is there any other God created other universe where aliens live?
Can a 3-dimensional creature enter a 2-dimensional universe?
Can something that is infinite have a beginning?
What are the possibilities of living beings (aliens too) conquering the universe?
Is the helium in our universe really growing at an unexpected rate?
What is the temperature of universe?
Where will be the human race be during the Dark Era of the Universe?
What will the incentive be to live on Mars once self sustainable living conditions are settled?
Does light bounce off from the edge of the universe or does it transform into another form or decay into what?
What is the fabric of cosmos made of? How can objects in cosmos curve space(time) and create gravity?
Under our current theoretical assumptions, if all matter was eliminated from the universe, would space still exist?
Is dark matter actually “matter”? If yes, then what would be its constituents?
Who came first, god or the universe?
Would it hurt my university application if I haven't visited the university itself?
There are an infinite amount of values between each second or hour, so how do they pass? How has it been 13.8 billion years if one second never ends?
If space is expanding faster than previously thought, does that mean Hubble's constant will change?
What is universe and how can it expand more than the speed of light?
Is the expansion of the Universe theory wrong? There seem to be many scientists with valid arguments against it, yet many present it as accepted fact.
How do we know that in the universe this planet is at this much far from the earth?
Could we see the Helix Nebula’s rich vibrant colours if it were 3 light years away from us?
What are (the most) flawless entities or objects that exist or have ever existed in the universe?
Would the completion of the standard model render a deterministic universe?
Why are we on the earth? What lies beyond the universe? If God created us, why and who created him?
What would it mean for the fundamental nature of the Universe if Superfluid Vacuum Theory were proven thereby uniting the ToE?
Is there any evidence of a multiverse?
Is the entire universe in our past light cone?
Is there anything in the universe that can help power the Voyagers?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
Is it possible that our world has a maximum reachable temperature?
The Universe is expanding. What point is it expanding away from? Is there a center point? Is it too big and beyond our observation point now to know?
The expansion of matter in the universe is accelerating. How about the expansion of space itself?
What if the voice in the back of your head is really just a person from a parallel universe who put us here and is trying to help us survive?
Do the spiritual and cosmic beginnings of the universe relate to each other? If yes, then can you match the timeline for both?
Is there any proof of expanding universe?
General relativity Deals With Curvature of SPACE & TIME. Shouldn't It Also Predict Accelerating Expansion of Universe Without Recourse To Dark Energy?
With trillions of stars & planets, intelligent life must statistically exist in the Universe. When can/why can't we end religions & move on?
Is there anything before the Big Bang described in the Holy Quran?
How does randomness arise in the universe?
If there's an edge to a dinner plate, why isn't there an edge to the universe?
What is your preferred philosophy on the meaning of the universe?
Can matter from universe be in another universe where matter is different?
The theory of "The Big Crunch" says that we fail to exceed gravity's escape velocity. Why would its recession occur at a faster rate than its expansion?
Would the age of the universe (approximately 13.82 billion years) appear the same to someone on Earth and someone who is a billion light years away?
Is gravity the strongest force in the universe on a planetary level Mars for example?
Could it be that time exists only when things (everything in the universe) are moving, and not that moving of things consumes time?
What happens after the Big Crunch?
We don't know if the universe has a beginning, so why do believers assume there is a first cause?
Why do astronomers use present tense in speaking of expanding universe as the evidence has traveled billions of years to be seen?
When we say space is expanding what exactly is it that is expanding and causing galaxies to become more distant from each other?
Who discovered the universe is expanding?
How much bigger were the first stars in the universe?
Do we know the centre of the Big Bang? Which part of the universe is it?
Will life in the universe still be possible after the last star goes out?
We perceive the universe in three dimensions. So how could flatness of the observable universe be explained in this context?
Do universe test us by letting hard times happen to us?
How can we say that the age of universe is 13 billion years ago?
Does the universe have an infinite amount of space? Has it been a proven fact?
If there are alien internet networks out in the universe, how would we be able to discover this?
If the big bang happened everywhere at once why is the universe expanding/accelerating?
If the best test of a theory is its ability to accurately predict things, does the Big Bang Theory pass this test?
Philosophically, why did God create the universe?
What is the theory that explained the formation of the universe?
As the universe is expanding can we work out from that where it all started? I think I'm asking for the center or where was the beginning.
How much did the universe weigh before the big bang?
Do you believe humans will ever fully understand the nature of the universe in full?
If one made a mini model of the Universe, what size would it be?
Is frictin present in universe?
What would happen if Independence Day happened in The Expanse universe at the time the show takes place?
Can you imagine and conceive of a reality that exists that compleatly excludes our concept of the universe and solar systems?
The universe may be infinite. Ok, it's very big, how can it be conjectured to be infinite (given the observable radius)?
How does Srimad Bhagwatam accurately predict so many astronomical measurements?
How many times faster than the speed of light does the universe expand?
If you could see the center of our universe, what do you think you would find there?
What does our movement look like in terms of earth’s rotation, the planet's orbit, and galaxy rotation, and the universe expanding?
Which is the pure random process in the universe?
Do you think our life is a lie (in the context of the vast universe)?
Is the universe symmetric?
What is the theoretical maximum yield strength of a material possible in this universe?
Is it possible to estimate the size of the universe or the number of galaxies beyond what we can currently see?
If parallel universes exist, do you think parallel Hindu Trinity, parallel Jesus Christ, and parallel Mohammad Paigambar also exist?
Has the Steady State Theory been debunked? Are there any respectable alternative theories to the Big Bang?
If we consider the universe as a system and every system should have some energy, then from where is this energy coming to the universe?
In what direction does Earth travel faster in universe? Around Sun, with Sun in Milky-way or with our own Galaxy in local group?
In The Flash, if it is true that there are infinite parallel universes, isn't there a universe where Zoom destroyed the multiverse?
How do they calculate that 100 billions stars are visible in the universe?
Why is the Big Bang horizon problem a problem?
Would it be possible to create your own universe?
The larger the body or any object in universe grows, the cooler it becomes? Is it so? Why?
Does light always travel at the same speed in all parts of the universe?
When we leave Earth's atmosphere & enter space, Earth ends for us. Similarly, where does the Universe end? It’s so big. Is there something beyond the Universe?
According to one answer on Quora I recently read, the expansion of the Universe was static for approx 12.3 billion years, then about 1.1 billion years ago expansion started accelerating. Is this true and if so, what caused the change?
What are the chances of all the smallest chances in the universe to occur at once?
Is the unified field theory worth trying to prove?
Why are the events before the Big Bang, other than their inability to effect the outcome of the big bang itself not thought about?
Is there an order of quantity in the number of elementary particles that exists throughout the universe?
How can they say that everything in the universe is moving?
Can a black hole on another side lead to a white hole? In other words, can it lead to another universe?
Stephen Hawking says there exists a universe where the Beatles never split. Will we ever be able to visit that universe and bring back some tunes?
How did the universe came into existance?
Can we make a universe?
Is there a parallel universe with a parallel me?
In the hypothetical span of the infinite alternate universes, what would be the measurements used to define a finite range within it?
The universe is forced to critical mass due to its flat geometry (expansion theory). Could similar phenomena force or explain "a fine-tuned universe"?
How would a human being observe the universe if he/she was the size of the Milky way Galaxy?
If the whole universe or all the multiverses had been simply computer simulations, what would have been the approximate size of all that data?
Are we using the correct terminology with respect to the expansion of the Universe?
If light traveled 13 billion light years, why is that distance 13 billion years?
If we find friendly and intelligent life billions of years more advanced than us, what you will demand/ask from them?
What do you believe exists outside of the universe, space and time, if anything?
Can you find out the creator of this universe?
What would verify the existence of the universe if there were no consciousness within it?
How can parallel universes of which we cannot have knowledge be thought to exist?
Is physics an algorithm on how to create our Universe?
If you are immortal and can't die no matter what, what will the end of the universe/existence be like?
What if our whole existence and this whole universe was the working model of a science project for a science fair of an alien who got F. Is it possible?
Does science sound like religion in its the description of the infinite? For example, "The universe is all there is, and it is, and has always been, infinite."
Are we 100% sure (not only 99.999%) that the Big Bang did occur?
If the galaxies are moving away from each other, why do they collide?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Is there is noise in the universe that we don't know where it’s coming from?
Is there an upper limit on the size and mass any object can attain in the universe?
If we are looking backward in time when we look at the universe, does that mean the universe must have expanded at a speed greater than light?
Have all planets expanded over time?
What is a parallel universe or a multiverse?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
What are some of the unexplained things about our universe?
Can planets accrete directly from the planetary nebula of a supernova?
Will this finite universe expand to death to fill the infinite void?
Is it a proven fact that we are living in a clusters of universe called multiverse?
Our universe formed from a singularity, so is there a possibility that our universe is inside another black hole and might be the mouth of a wormhole?
What significance will Sagittarius A* have on the collision with Andromeda?
Would anyone be able to explain the merits to the theory that this universe is a holographic projection? How would we know?
If atoms cannot be lost or gained, does that mean every single atom present in the current universe originates around the time of the Big Bang?
Are any criticisms of the multiverse hypothesis valid? If so, which ones?
What properties would the matter left over at the heat death of the universe posses?
Is life simply a result of the Big Bang, chance, and evolution, or was there a god involved?
After the Big Bang, what made the first forms of life? And how long do you think that took?
How do you get out of the universe?
What is bigger, the universe or the human imagination?
Is water beneath Europa's surface drinkable?
How could matter escape the state when the Big Bang began?
The Atoms we are made of once were once part of a sun. Does that mean that atoms do not die? If so then what would happen if the universe collapsed?
What is the universe without human beings?
If we were to apply our updated knowledge of the universe to the Drake Equation, how probable would alien life in our Galaxy and/or the universe be?
What are the real reasons behind fine tuning of the universe?
If the universe is expanding faster than C, then why isn't time frozen?
Is expansion of the universe accelerating or is it a result of galaxies getting faster, the further they are drifted away?
What do we mean when we say that our universe does not have the right topology for time machines to exist?
What is the necessity of humans or earth in this big universe?
What will cause the Big Crunch?
How could you prove that universe dose not have infinite mass?
In the distant future, will atoms be torn apart due to the expansion of space?
If space is finite and the universe is expanding, where is the outer expansion of space going if nothing is there for it to go to?
Stalagmites are born from a stillness. Does that mean the universe has order?
Where is heaven located in the universe?
Is the universe ever-expanding?
Do all planets in the universe revolve and rotate in a parallel plane to the Earth?
Can humans be considered the smartest creatures in the universe?
Does digital physics make the assertion that there are only finite states possible for the universe?
What does Hubble's theory state?
How does the universe consist of nothing that was known before the Big Bang?
How was salt created during the Big Bang?
If black holes didn’t exist, what would our universe look like?
What was outside the universe before the Big Bang? If it was not space, then what was it, and if it was space, then how can we say that the space of the universe was expanding?
Is the sun orbiting the Milky Way Galaxy or some other Galaxy?
I don't believe in death - I believe that our consciousness creates a new reality, and that parallel universes may indeed exist. What are your thoughts?
How come we can see other galaxies with the naked eye, but not the center of the Milky Way?
Can someone have genuine memories of incidents that occurred in a different quantum universe, or of circumstances disparate from what occurred in this one?
What does it mean to say that any physical system, except the entire universe, is bounded?
Why do we need dark matter in our model of the universe?
Why does the solar system and everything else around in the cosmos have movement? What does all this motion lead to?
Is the universe revolving around a black hole?
Time flows in one direction. it expands, contracts, but never goes back. If the universe is expanding, does that mean all dimensions flow one way?
What are some ideas for a name for a cafe which is based on three things - chocolate, music, and the universe, i.e. the cosmos?
Is there a true picture of the universe? The stars appear as the light emitted when they were where they were when it was emitted. Where are they now?
Would you be angry at me if I knew all the secrets of the universe but I refused to tell you?
Does consciousness cause the cosmos?
Is it a live lock at the very core of the universe which keeps on retransforming the total energy?
What if our universe was geometrically connected to another universe?
The number of galaxies is estimated to be about 2 trillion. How is it possible that they fit in a universe not larger than 15 billion light years?
How is dark energy related to a cluster of galaxies? What can we learn from them about the evolution of the universe?
What is the basic idea regarding parallel universes?
What is the motive force of the universe?
What is the concept of parallel universes, if they exist? Is deja vu related to them in any way?
If you were to draw the universe on a sheet of paper in 2D, what shape would you draw, or would you draw an edge to the shape at all?
Since the universe is infinite, wouldn't it be impossible to find extraterrestrials due to its size?
Why is there a multiverse theory?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
Theoretically, if parallel universes existed and we could traverse black holes, would it be possible to go to our parallel universe and back?
What is the proportion of the size of a single human cell to the size of the entire Universe?
Why humans are not designed to perceive extra dimensions of the universe, if it exists?
What is the supervoid? How was it created, and how big is it?
Does an atom on one side of the universe have a gravitational effect on an atom on the other side of the universe?
Where is the center of the universe? Can I go in my backyard and point to it since it began from a singularity?
What is the simplest fundamental principle that describes nature/universe?
If we looked at a star 10 billion light years away, wouldn't that star actually be dead by now even though we can see it as if it was alive?
How long would it take to count every single electron in the universe?
How do atheists respond to Muslims claiming that the Qu'ran was the first to mention that the universe was expanding?
If the universe was not expanding, would it be correct to say that the universe has a centre?
Let's suppose a singularity did not create/start the rapid inflation of the Big Bang. What else could have given the same effect?
If the whole universe and its laws were a computer program, what would you change?
Are there any events in the universe that happens instantaneously?
If we could tell with certainty that Earth is the only planet in the universe that can sustain life, would you start believing in God?
If God really doesn't exist, isn’t it strange that there are things in the universe that think about and believe in God?
Could our universe have been born in a quantum dimension?
Does the gravity of every object in the universe affect us? Or is there a limit in how far gravitational pull reaches?
If the universe is expanding, then what substance is being created to force the expansion and push everything apart?
What do you think caused inflation in the Big Bang?
What is the mass of dark energy in the observable universe approximately?
Is it true that everything in our part of the universe is moving towards the 'Great Attractor'?
What is a good resource to demonstrate how small we are in comparison to the universe?
Are there any other Earth's in the world whole universe?
Is the string theory correct? Are there universes outside our universe?
Is time universal? Meaning, is one minute somewhere else still one minute here on Earth?
Are there objects in the Universe which have no spin or rotation at all?
What would have happened if the number of anti matter particles were more than matter at the time of big bang?
What do scientists mean when they say "the universe is approximately the same everywhere"?
If the universe is finite, then what happens when you get to the end?
Can scientists theorize what the Big Bang might have looked like?
Is there any prediction that can be made or more understanding that can be gained by interpreting gravity as a result of expansion?
Is it true that the average Galaxy has around 500 billion stars and there are close to 500 billion galaxies in the universe?
What was the source of the explosion termed as the Big Bang? Where did those initial particles come from?
Which would take longer: mapping the entire visible universe from Earth or exploring the entire ocean?
If the world was flat where do you think we would fall off to?
Is light attracted by gravity?
If multiple universes exist, could one of the universes be such that it makes multiple universes impossible, thus creating a paradox?
What do they mean when they say the universe is expanding? Are new bodies being created?
Is there a law of physics which states that mass must be the product of a system that has no mass? I'm thinking of the pre-Big Bang.
How fast can a thought travel to the edge of the universe, 46 billion light years away?
Is space expanding or galaxies are moving apart in the same space?
If the Big Bang Theory had never been thought of, how would the universe be explained today?
Why is the speed of expansion of the universe based on red shifted light created billions of years ago?
If the universe is an "ancestor simulation" would it make any difference to us?
Why universe came into existence?
What is present outside universe?
Can we see the whole universe at a time?
When and where did the exact same atoms used to constitute our bodies first appear in the universe?
How does microwave light show the earliest picture of the universe?
Can I state the theory that the universe is nothing in theoretical physics?
How can we define universe?
Can the theory that there are alternate universes be tested?
Would you rather have humanity alone in the universe, or not?
If space and time are relative, isn't calculating them (the universe is x billion years old) a waste of time?
Since the Earth is not the center of the universe, would the edge of the universe be farther away in one direction (say left vs. right) from the Earth?
Did the Big Bang need a cause?
How can the age of the universe be calculated with the inverse of the Hubble Constant (1/H0) when it is not known how big the universe is?
What is the first book or map that has the word "Universe" (referring to everything that exists)?
I love physics but I can't understand it. What should I do?
Can all subspecies of asian elephant technically exist forever by existing in current universes and re-appearing in newly created ones?
Can gravity beat dark matter?
If every person in the world inhaled and exhaled at the same time, would it cause the universe expand and contract?
Is the Earth really hanging in universe?
Why did the Big Bang happen when it did?
What is the difference between a black hole's singularity and that of the Big Bang?
What happened to all the antimatter in the universe?
How do we know for a fact, that the laws of physics as we know them, are the same in the whole universe?
Since entropy or disorder of whole universe only increases, what is the maximum possible ordered portion of the universe?
Why are there so many planets in the universe?
Since there is no "before" the big bang theory, how can science ever prove it?
Recently Mr.Michio Kaku has said that this Universe exists in a matrix and we are governed by rules. Is it true?
If there are other universes, are we in the first universe?
Is there a correlation between the expanding universe a humans growth?
Was energy created in the big bang, or did the single point contain all of the energy?
What would happen to the universe if gravity's effects suddenly reversed permanently?
Are there any theories that posit the retrieval of information from black holes without the universe being a hologram?
What is a good way to visulize the universe?
In thermodynamics, if a system is the universe, then what is the surrounding for it?
How old could the oldest civilization in the universe be?
Can you provide details or similarities of our universe being similar to a single cell?
If you were forced to create your own fictional universe to live in, what would you create?
If the universe is infinite and expanding, is the edge moving at light speed and if so has time relativistically stopped at the edge?
Was there a space-time continuum before the Big Bang?
What existed before the Big Bang? How did time begin?
If our civilization was as advanced as it is today six billion years ago, would there be any remnants?
How big is the present-day universe?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
As the boundaries of the universe are still undetermined, then nobody can really say that the claim that earth is at its center is false?
Do you think the multiverse possibility is true?
Suppose some species survive the great expansion of the universe, what will happen to them when proton's stability ends?
Do the old Indian Scriptures like Vedas and Upanishads answer the question of Modern Physics about our Universe?
How many seconds would it take light to reach the end of the universe?
Would time cease to exist if the universe weren't expanding?
Because of the inverse square law and "supertasking", isn't the heat death of the universe impossible?
Is it true that no object is static in the universe?
What's the best explanation for believing in God as the creator of the universe and evolution as part of the creator’s work?
According to Hindu mythology, the shape of the universe is oval but according to the views of different prominent scientists the shape is flat. Which one is true?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
What is the depth of the universe?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding. Does dark energy push objects or does it create new empty space?
What is the meaning of life, in relation to the universe?
If the universe is flat then how thick is the universe?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
Is the universe flat as our observations show or curved to account for Dark Energy requiring energy not to be conserved (Noether's Theorem)?
What if the speed of light is decreasing instead of the universe expanding?
Hypothetically, would it be an advanced planet if every human dedicated their life to question and research the universe?
Can we be at the initial stage of the big-bang explosion which is actually making the universe to expand and accelerate?
How does the universe expand faster than light?
If the theory of everything is found, will we ever be able to prove that what it says is true if we can never go before the Big Bang or outside the universe?
What would happen if we find other persons like us in the universe?
I would like a discussion. What if the black hole was a void with substance like water or other?
Since there is no edge of the universe, can we draw a geometric interpretation for the shape of the universe?
Is it possible that the speed of light is proportional to the size of the universe, as it expands?
Based on recent evidence, is the universe flat or curved?
How did the first atom in the universe exist?
What are all the mysteries of the universe that have yet to be discovered?
If the universe is expanding. what is the name of the dimension in which expansion is taking place?
How do we know that we live in an expanding universe, which used to be hot and is approximately 14 billion years old?
Why is our universe an isolated system if the cosmological constant fits better with the closed universe hypothesis?
If there are a nearly infinite amount of universes, does it mean that no species ever goes permanently extinct within the multiverse?
What kinds of elements do meteors bring to the Earth? Do different meteors have elements other than the ones that exist on Earth? And how many elements exist in the universe?
What do you know about University of Evora?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then why can we still see other galaxies?
Will life (in the universe) be possible after 5 billion years?
How long and when would the unobservable universe become observable?
What are the implications of a universe that always was? Is it possible that the universe did not begin but has always existed? How could this be?
How do physicists deal with the fact that we may never truly understand the laws of the universe due to the irreducible randomness at quantum level?
Due to recent findings in the origin of the universe, is the big bang theory started to get outdated?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe doesn't exist but it is only an illusion of light that hasn't reached us?
If there are only 2 distant objects in the Universe, would they eventually reach lightspeed due to the force of gravity on each other?
Do we really know who we are, why we are here and if we are the only planet in the universe that has life?
How is the vast majority of the universe undetectable?
What is the smallest change that could be made to the make up of the universe that results in the largest difference?
Is the universe a mirror of a higher universe or of a lower universe that we have improved with the power of our minds? Is the mind other-dimensional?
Is the universe expanding like a grenade exploding in all directions or like a guns directional explosion?
If the universe has always been infinite, how far away would we have to place a mirror from earth to watch the Big Bang?
What was the size of singularity before big bang? Is it consistent with the fact that big bang happened everywhere?
What are the fundamental laws would you make, if you are given a chance to simulate the universe?
Should you be open for discussing questions such as whether God created the universe in seven days or not?
If space is expanding faster and faster, what happens when it exceeds the speed of light? Will the arrow of time be reversed?
Is it possible that the universe started to collapse right now at some point, at a distance of one million light years from us?
What is the problem in accepting that the universe/multiverse has an eternal cycle of bang-crunch, or one part of its expanding and another crunching?
Is it possible that some other alienatic universe is in parallel with us in other dimension?
What if the universe was a person's imagination?
If parallel universes exist, why is ours so ordinary?
If the universe was made out of antimatter, would it be any different to ours?
What is the Big Bang and when did it occur?
In the many world theory, would there be a parallel universe with no parallel universes?
If the universe is really expanding, what is the platform (or the thing) on which it is expanding?
Will it ever be possible for us to know all the deepest secrets of the universe?
How far we are from center of universe?
If all life ceases to exist in the universe and there is nothing that can sense anything, does anything exist at all?
Are we really living in a multiverse?
Can we model the Universe as a space-time energyscape?
The universe is infinite, so how do people believe we are alone?
What is beyond the edge of the universe?
Is there a limit to how hot an object can be?
If the universe is finite and expanding, what does the border of the universe look like?
What is the cost of our observable universe?
What are the most entertaining and interesting theories about the universe?
If we are not alone in the universe then are we prepared for alien attacks?
What’s the best book about the universe?
In an infinitely large space/universe does movement have any meaning?
Could dark matter reverse the expansion of the universe?
Why do we believe that the laws of physics are universal?
Why does Pablo Carlos Budassi's Observable Universe Logarithmic Illustration resemble an eye?
What if the universe became a black hole?
Were there particles before the Big Bang?
If you could explore any part of the universe, where would you go, and why?
Is the Universe one big atom?
What are some alternate universe ideas?
If you had had the power to create the universe (Almighty), would you have created it the way it is, where man has unlimited wants but has limited resources?
Have scientists just discovered evidence that we're 'living in a parallel universe'?
What is the theory of the multiverse? How and why did it originate?
What if the universe is an organization, God is the employer, and rest all of us are employees, what could be the mission and vision?
What is creation? Who created the universe? How was the universe created?
If the Universe measured from Earth with Earth invented dimensions is 13,5 billion old how old, is the universe from the Andromeda Galaxy the same same age?
What is more likely, for humanity to be in a computer simulation or in a physical simulation (read details)?
Was the universe born in six days (please I need resources to understand and read more)?
What is the worst creature in the universe other than humans?
What was the universe’s radius at zero-time universe?
What are the main flaws of the theory that the whole universe we know is inside of a black hole?
How do we know that the universe is not infinite?
Which universe do immortals exist in?
Is our brain, mind, or consciousness connected to the universe?
What happens after our universe dies?
I believe that space fluid creates to rotate all the planets and stuff in the universe, is it true?
Why not build a simulation game about traveling the universe and exploring it solely based on real findings and observations?
Is the universe in the form of a 4-dimensional cylinder?
Is there a parallel universe out there? If yes, how does a parallel universe form?
What are some facts regarding the big bang theory?
What is dark energy and dark matter in space?
If there's intelligent life in the universe, and their planet is much like ours, is there any reason to believe their life would look different?
Does light travel forever or does it eventually fade?
What would the universe be like if outer space wasn't a vacuum?
If the shape of the universe is like an expanding balloon, is it basically, a hollow sphere?
If we are fundamentally limited in traveling more than the speed of light, what is our hope to gain complete understanding of the material universe?
What are the theories apart from the Big Bang for starting the universe?
What was the first particle in the universe?
The expansion rate of the universe is 72km/sec/Mpc. Does that mean that a one-meter long scale on the Earth, after one year, will expand by 74 picometers?
Is there something called the edge of the Universe?
Will the universe be destroyed one day?
How does God control our universe?
Are there chances that our universe will be recreated?
Is it possible that the universe is still a singularity?
If you removed all particles and radiation from the universe, what would the temperature be?
How would knowledge of the origin of the universe affect us practically?
If the universe is infinite and there are infinite galaxies, does that mean there's a 100% chance that my double lives on a duplicate Earth?
Can a vacuum expand infinitely?
Can we accomplish things in another universe that we failed to do here?
Is dark matter more dense in the early/distant universe?
Is it possible to jump between parallel universes and meet your alternate self and or switch places with them?
Do we know in which direction relative to Earth the Big Bang occurred? Can we see the light moving ahead or away from Earth?
If the big bang was created due to temperature, what created the temperature its self?
What would happen, if you got to the end of the universe? (I am aware this is impossible, due to the fact the universe is ever expanding.)
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
Will life always be sustainable in our universe? Will our universe expand forever?
Why are there no square planets in the universe? Why are all of the planets spherical?
Can atheists believe that there may be a god who created the universe but who has not had any influence since that time?
If all matter was created in the Big Bang, does that mean we are as old as the universe?
Is there any universally accepted thing that you still disagree ?
How many atoms will a block of osmium the volume of the observable universe have?
Intresting facts of universe?
How can the big bang have occurred from nothing if nothing is defined as no matter or energy?
What if we are able to reach the place where we can see the universe expanding? Can we say that we are standing in front of a place that does not have any sense of time and space and where we can be a living paradox?
How long has gravity been influencing the structure and evolution of the universe?
It is said that evolution is the result of our DNA's insistence to prevail and survive. How were the rules that govern our universe set?
If there are alternate universes, what would happen if we came upon one?
Was the early universe just made of hot gas?
What would happen if we lived in supersymmetry universe with only opposite superpartners according to this universe?
Is it possible that the process (of cause and effect in the universe) has no beginning and has been going on eternally?
How do I defend myself against a theist in a cosmological debate?
What prevented the universe from becoming a black hole after the big bang?
What if we start thinking everything is circular and not linear and assume no infinite exists?
Will there always be a universe where Asian elephants exist in the same numbers that they do now?
When did the concept of beauty first appear in our universe, which species came up with it, and what is its role in evolution?
Anybody interested in discussing an oscillating universe?
Is it possible that the big bang was not the only big bang and many more big bangs took place before it and they collapsed in their own?
I've seen the future twice, seconds before it happens. Random absurd events. Is our existence preordained?
Which are some strange things in the universe?
Did you have a pleasant time at your former university?
Is there any other form of life apart from humans that use sexual intercourse as a means of pleasure, apart from reproduction?
If a universe holds galaxies, what holds the universes?
If the Universe gets gentrified by a powerful sentient species that annihilates matter would the universe become conscious and destroy it?
Is the universe really trillions of years old?
Do theories ever imply that a certain particle may exist, but can't be created by anything in the universe?
Is it possible for our thoughts to directly influence and shape our future?
If we look deep into the universe, say billions of years, is it safe to say the matter we observe has moved further away from us by billions of years?
The universe cannot possibly be finite, but how can something be infinite?
What are some of the logical and illogical arguments that the universe has caused?
If there are infinite parallel universes, why hasn't one contacted our specific universe?
Is it year 2017 for the universe or just the earth?
How far is 40 light years?
Is it not possible for the presence of a super gravity entity at the center of the universe and the whole universe orbiting it?
What caused the atoms and particles to have such a high energy and cause the Big Bang?
What is the percentage increase in volume of the universe per unit of time?
Can anything happen in the alternate universe?
‪Energy cannot be created or destroyed. Consciousness is energy, so when we die where does our consciousness transfer to?
If the universe is expanding then only galaxies move away from each other? Why not our solar system also expand?
“We can stand still in space, but not in time.” What about the expansion of the universe?
How did scientists estimate that the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago?
Which of the following is a more difficult quest, 'seeing the future' or 'understanding the meaning of life, universe and everything'?
If there is no God and whole universe came into being all of itself, then why don't we see purely unique elements coming into being after some time?
Can we call black hole a puncher in the universe and a gate way to another universe?
How many atmospheres were there before and after the first seconds of the Big Bang?
The universe came from something that has a high density, where did this high density thing come from?
If we really have a parallel universe, can we mentally reach ourselves in the other universe?
Can light travel across the universe in two seconds?
How will the surface of a 4D sphere look like? Will it look like the geometry of the space of our universe?
Would it be right to say that the expansion of space is equal to cumulative expansion between the different fixed coordinates?
How do our presence effect the universe, why is our presence so important for the universe that we exist?
What are some unknown but interesting facts about the Milky way (our Galaxy)?
Could nanomachines be used at the atomic level to create new universes?
Why are most of the images of earth taken from space centered on the African continent?
Nothing can travel as fast as light. What about the expansion of the universe?
How many patterns are there in the universe?
How is the idea of the Big Bang any less credible than the idea of the universe being created by a god who has always existed?
What is the total length of the Milky Way galaxy?
Is Big Bang and singularity possible?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that 80% of the universe is made up of dark matter?
Hypothetically, if someone had the ability to travel to different dimensions and universes, how soon would they likely become insane?
How infinitesimally small do we really are? Any inkling what would the brink of Universe look like, what really is beyond that brink?
Is Ether exists in Universe?
All of the atoms on earth including animals vs. all the galaxies in the universe: Who wins in numbers?
Why is there a universe?
In layman's terms, what is the 'one electron universe theory'?
Why can't we just send a high speed probe beyond our universe to see if other universes exist?
Does the Pakistani physics book really say, "Almighty Allah created this universe billions of years ago"? What's the name of the book which says so?
Hypothetically, if some cosmic magnetic forces causes increased acceleration in outer Galaxy instead of dark matter, would we be able to detect it?
What keeps constellations from losing their configurations if the space in the universe has been expanding for billions of years?
What is the problem with saying when the universe was created that it is infinitely being created by another universe that is exactly like ours, etc.?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
If the Big Bang did occur, there must be a source which had the resources to create the Big Bang, right?
In what order did the first fundamental particles come into existence in the universe?
Are there 7.5 billion universes?
Is it possible that something outside our universe is the cause of accelerating the universe's expansion?
Where is the boundary of the universe?
Can it be possible that all matter in the universe experiences time as a result of the universe itself moving at the speed of light?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
Is the universe like a growing tree with the Big Bang being its seed?
What if life is a phenomenon which causes the entropy of the universe to increase by observing it?
What is the best metaphor to explain to someone how the universe has no centre?
Is the universe infinite in age?
In physics, what is meant by "the universe is flat?"
When our universe is expanding, do the celestial bodies move further away from each other? Why or why not ?
Can life (that does not require our types of requirements: water, oxygen, etc.) exist on other celestial bodies in the universe?
How we know that the Universe is not dead?
How does one find a vein after most of them are shot from years of banging meth?
Is it possible that after billions of years, the whole universe will collapse?
What was the total energy in the Big Bang before the creation of matter?
How do you know that you're not the center of the universe? How do you know other people actually exist beyond your interactions with them?
Why the universe is createdand how and by whom and what?
How would one test the oscillatory universe theory?
Is there really someone who can jump or shift into parallel universes (multiverses)?
What fundamental constants can I change without destroying the universe?
How many solar systems are there in the universe?
If there is no God, how did the laws of the universe come into being?
Can we prove that a solid is a form of liquid on the basis that nothing in the universe is static?
Where do I fit in the canvas of the universe?
What if everything in the universe is only as old as you are?
Does it mean that we also have a parallel timeline if we have a parallel universe?
Isn't it madness to believe that we are alone in the universe, with all those stars and galaxies and planets that already existed?
Could the discovery of negative mass explain why the expansion of our universe is accelerating?
Are there an almost infinite number of 2-dimensional universes within a 3-dimensional universe (10 to the 100th power, all raised to the cube)?
Why do people say that the Universe doesn't have a center?
Can we measure how far we are from the Big Crunch?
Why are there hundreds of billions of galaxies instead of one humungous Galaxy?
Is there another parallel universe inside a black hole?
Is it possible for the universe to rip its own dimension open and therefore, with the massive pressure change, reduce everything back to its origins?
Why are most galaxies in a spiral shape? Why not a cuboid sort of shape that contains stars and such?
Stephen Hawking is an atheist, which I get, but how would he explain that science provides for the original matter of the universe?
If the universe were flat, would it still be possible for light to go round in a circle and end at the same place where it began?
If an alien in a Galaxy 65 million light years away is looking at through a telescope right now they are watching dinosaurs is this possible?
What did Earth look like 3 billion years ago?
If there is no gravity on planetary surfaces, then how come spacecrafts/astronauts land/move on it's surface?
Are there any famous scientists who do not accept the Big Bang theory?
What would the proving of the Riemann Hypothesis say about the nature of the universe?
In a universe where the arrow of time were reversed, how long after the big bang would it take for the universe to reach heat death?
Is it possible for humans to travel between parallel universe?
If you could travel back in time to the early universe, would it collapse in on itself?
Is it possible that life and the universe always existed?
What will happen at the last second before the universe dies?
Can the universe still be a hologram and have 3 dimensions?
Will we ever find the end of the universe?
Does quantity of energy stay stagnant even if universe is expanding?
If we can see back close to the Big Bang, how can there be galaxies beyond what we can see moving in the same direction as ours?
In a perfect would if you could bend the universe to your will, how would academia function? What is the dream?
If space once was as small as a speck (Big Bang), how is it possible that it now can be infinite?
What fact shows that our universe is expanding?
Are there multi universe?
Why is the universe anisotropic?
Who in your life would you name after a black hole in the universe, which is usually considered roguish, and thuggish?
How is it possible that the universe looks pretty much the same from any Galaxy within it, that is there is no center or edge to the universe?
Why are there parallel universes but no perpendicular universe?
What is there out side the space in which the galaxies are?
When was the universe started, and how was it started?
Is there a theory about two sided universe where our universe is the half (or part) where it is expanding and other side where it is contracting?
Why is the universe not considered cyclical?
Can the 'observable universe' is expanding and the universe is not expanding?
If everything stopped moving, would time exist? How would we know?
Can a rogue planet survive the heat death of the universe?
Which is the best telescope to see the universe, planets, etc?
What are CPT and antiparticle organism? Do they really exist?
How flat is the universe?
Why does light bend due to massive objects in the universe?
If the universe is expanding then why does the distance between the planets of our solar system is increasing?
Is there any property of ordinary matter that cannot be derived from universal constants, but must be measured empirically?
What is the approximated mass of dark energy inside the observable universe?
"Where" is the universe expanding?
If multiple realities exist, does it mean that there is a reality where Pokémon is real?
Why not impart the centrifugal theory to the universe, as this centrifugal energy may be dark energy that pulls the universe?
How far has the earth traveled since the Big Bang?
Why is there an asymmetry at the beginning of our universe?
Is the universe still expanding and creating planets or was the entire universe as we know it created after the Big Bang?
What is the ultimate purpose of all life in the universe?
Is the value of gold reliant on its presence on Earth or its presence in the universe?
If the bubble universe theory is true, can we pop a universe bubble?
How many years did the singularity (from which universe formed) lasted?
What does Hinduism say about the beginning of the Universe?
Is there anything that cannot kill you in the universe?
Does the whole universe depend on string theory?
Do radio waves propagate because empty space in the surrounding universe is expanding?
Is there any way to visit The Big Bang Theory set?
What happens to the cavity when an object thermally expands?
What do you think is the first thing that ever existed in the universe?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
How was the earth created with such a protective cover like the ozone, and how was the universe created?
What is the multiverse theory? (Simple version)
Was there life before the ''first'' Big Bang?
Why do people think they have to get somewhere? Why not just surrender to the universe?
If light from a distant Galaxy takes 13 billion years to reach us, how can we still see it if we were much closer to that Galaxy 13 billion years ago?
What if humans become so advanced in the future that they create the universe and time is forever going towards that point and then starting over?
Why aren't any green-coloured stars present in the universe even if their spectrum lies between the red and blue spectrum?
What if half the matter in the universe was suddenly antimatter but the other half didn't change?
What's the electric universe model? What shortcomings of the standard model does it address? How much of it is experimentally/observationally verified?
Why is it wrong to say "The universe revolves around the Earth"?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe is not due to dark energy but the energy lost by the photons?
Is it possible to make everything in the universe twice as big?
Is it possible at any location in the universe to see the same object in different periods of time?
How would it be possible to leave our universe? If someone were able to outrun space-time, would they be able to leave our universe?
Will the temperature of the universe ever read absolute zero?
Is it/could it be theoretically possible for a sufficiently advanced civilisation to postpone or stop the end of the universe, or at least survive it?
Could negative mass during the Big Bang account for the disparate proportions of matter and antimatter in our universe today?
Why hasn't the universe been populated?
What are ways the universe has humbled you?
Is it fair for one person to be responsible for the future of humanity?
Did light exist before the Big Bang? If the speed of light has remained constant since the Big Bang, and if light existed before the Big Bang, wouldn't the universe have already existed, as light is part of the universe?
If something exists, shall there always be something else to exist ?
What will happen to the universe if electrostatic force is switched off?
What is the mystery behind Tulsa 's center of universe circle?
How much should I compress the observable universe to form a black hole?
What is the best book for the cosmos?
If the oscillating theory of the universe were to be correct, is it possible we're living the exact same lives over and over?
Do black holes link one part of the universe to another?
Why would an infinite Universe have to have within it everything that can be imagined?
Have you ever been struck speechless by the beauty of the universe?
Is there anywhere in the universe where nothing can be seen?
Why is the universe so dull, yet interesting?
Is the Universe simple or complex?
If the universe collapsed to a point, how would that be different to a black hole?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
Is the Big Bang theory real? Do scientists have any proof?
Is the idea that the universe is a hologram going to change our sense of reality radically?
Is our solar system the center of the universe?
If the Big Bang happened around 14 billion years ago, has there been enough time for the estimated trillions of galaxies to have formed?
How could we determine how much bigger the actual universe is in comparison to the observable part?
An atom to an universe, does the scales ends here or there is possible scope for expansion?
How can the human race discover the mysteries of the universe when we don’t even know what time is?
How did the universe get its name?
If the universe is expanding, does that mean that space itself expands indefinitely?
What came first, natural numbers or our universe?
How long did it take for the Big Bang to form life?
Is it possible that the shape of our universe is just like our earth but it is too big in size and, as in earth, we are living on its surface?
Are we getting light from space objects billions of light years away every second?
Does the universe have any memory of the previous states of things?
Why do red galaxies tend to be more massive than blue galaxies? Is there an explanation to this observation?
How is Earth so safe from other planetary bodies?
If everything (energy) in the universe becomes random (entropy), do random things happen?
When models or simulations of the universe are created, are they created as the universe is now, or based on what we can detect?
Am I the only one who find the hypothesis of the universe being a simulation utterly ridiculous and implausible?
Why do most humans point to intelligence when they see a design, but some like atheists don't point to a creator when they see the universe?
Is it possible our universe is really a 3-dimensional Hilbert space?
If light is the fastest thing in the universe, why does darkness come before it?
Where do humans fall on the scale of size between the observable universe and subatomic particles?
Which universe was the most enjoyable to create?
In the Block Universe theory of time is future already happened?
What scientific evidence is there that the universe started from a singularity and not something close to a singularity?
How did life start in the universe?
Is the universe made for living things to experience it?
Which is the least abundant element in the known Universe?
So, exactly what was inside the Big Bang before it exploded?
Are violet-coloured stars (if they exist) the brightest and hottest in the universe?
How did Raj make the finger thing in Big Bang Theory?
How did this universe came into being?
What do you believe you are in the universe?
When did human race realise that there is a universe?
If you approached the event horizon of a supermassive black hole, would you see the world disappear?
What is the lifespan of the universe?
Why did thinking about the size of a pinhead compared to the size of the universe make me ill?
If most of the universe is dark energy and dark matter, why do we have to look for it in deep space instead of locally?
Does the universe have a maximum capacity?
Since in the universe, no energy is created nor lost, how does it feel to know that we are holding part of the energy of the Big Bang?
Can you explain the ‘Empty Void’ beyond the universe?
If the universe is expanding, then where is it contained?
What coincidence is it that everything in the Universe works so perfectly?
Could life be a multi-dimensional existence, with a better you silently watching the stupid you from a parallel universe?
Why should I believe in Big Bang Theory?
Was this universe designed for humans?
Do elephants exist in other universes?
Is the center of the universe assumed to be inside of the observable universe?
If space isn’t doing anything and things are only flying apart, where does the space things are expanding come from?
Is it impossible to destroy the universe since it's expanding faster than the speed of light?
What is galaxy funnelling, and how could it be explained, considering the Big Bang Theory?
If light diminishes at the inverse square law how is it that any light at all reaches us from distant stars?
If a star is 10 billion light years away, we say that we are seeing it as it was 10 billion years ago, does the same apply for the twinkling of stars?
Why steady state theory is not use instead of big bang theory?
How does imaginary time remove the singularity of the Big Bang?
Assuming you can deploy the amount of oxygen to fill the wide space in our universe, what would happen?
How do I defend my belief of one God for the whole universe?
Is the endlessness of Universe an illusion or reality?
When will look in the mirror, what if we see not ourselves but a twin from a parallel universe?
What are mind-blowing facts about the universe?
If there is other life in the universe, how we can contact them?
Why and how is it possible to have an infinite static model of the universe in which gravity is always attractive?
Do scientific models decelerate the universe in the Big Bang theory?
What are some of the most startling implications of the accelerated expansion of the universe?
How do we know about our universe? I mean we can't travel to the end of this universe yet we have pictures of different galaxies, how hubble take them
If the universe is just an infinite happening all at once, do good and bad really exist? If everything is already determined and yet within it we have the illusion of free will, where does morality/values or judgment play a part in?
Where should I start with The Big Bang Theory?
Do parallel universes eventually get destroyed?
Explosions cause ragged pieces so with the Big Bang Theory what is the explanation for spherical planets?
What would happen if the universe started compressing instead of expanding? What would be the new things we observe in physics?
Could dark matter and energy be relics from before the Big Bang?
Do you think that magic is also a power source that belongs to the universe?
What if ΔSuniv (change of the entropy in the universe) was a state function? How would the world be diﬀerent?
Was the big bang the ending or the beginning of new life?
How will robots describe life?
If we live for 5 years in a different universe then what will happen to our age? Will it increase or decrease? Why?
Is our collective scientific knowledge expanding faster now than ever before?
What if we discovered the fifth force in the universe but it was love?
Is it immoral to wish for the heat death of the universe?
Can the one-electron universe theory turn out to be true?
If an electron is just an excitation of a field, should we not be able to create an infinite number of them and saturate the universe with -ve charge?
Since the universe is expanding, will the cosmic microwave background eventually shift towards the radio spectrum?
Is a black hole in the universe (space) the most astonishing matter?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in universe were to merge to become one big massive galaxy someday?
What "observational evidence", other then red-shift, do we have that the universe is expanding?
If you do not receive your proficiency certificate from reputed universities, inspite of completing your course, whom do you approach as the last resort?
Where is the source or sources of energy that supplied the Big Bang for it to occur?
What is the solution if you come to know that the entire universe is against you?
Why should I buy a property on planet earth?
What are the all other theories about universe like great glaciation, solipsism?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that the big bang was a local event?
What is the maximum frequency limit in our Universe with which any physical object can be rotated?
Is the multiverse theory (which is everything can't be explained on the basis of matter) an attempt to escape reality?
Is the entire knowledge of the universe knowable?
Is it correct to say that humanity should conquer the whole universe in near future to protect and to expand our race?
How do I know if I am in the correct timeline of this universe?
What was there before the creation of universe?
Does the universe exert gravity itself?
Is it possible that dark energy is consciousness, and that our collective consciousness makes up the fabric of our universe?
What is the basic law of physics that sets the universe in being?
Is it possible for a closed Universe to evolve to become an open Universe?
If there was a Big Bang where is the Big Void?
If the universe is finite then what exists outside it?
How many planets are there in the Milky Way galaxy?
What is the use of black holes in universe?
The big bang theory says that our universe was created by an explosion, but how was it created in the first place without oxygen?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
Which is the first energy to evolve in the universe?
Do multiple universes really exist?
Do we know at what point after the initial expansion of the universe time began?
At an extremely large scale, couldn't the Big Bang be like a supernova among supernovas very far apart?
If the universe was made of coding like software, what would be the examples of glitches/mods?
Can black holes be connected with each other as a traveling tube to a different dimension/different side of the universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life in the universe?
Where along the Milky Way Galaxy was Earth during its creation (4.5 billion years ago)?
What does Dave Consiglio think about the One Electron Universe theory?
Why is the speed of light so low compared to the size of the expanding universe? Surely we could do better with faster 'light'!
Do you believe in God or The theory of the Big Bang, and why?
Could the Big Bang have made noise?
Does my university matter?
Do astrophysicists believe that the Big Bang was created by God?
What is the real color of earth and universe, either than spectrum?
Does the amount of the universe’s total energy equal zero or infinite?
Is the universe under an obligation to make sense to us?
Why does gravity slow down the expansion of the Universe?
Is there a limit to how much humans can have an impact on the universe?
What is the parallel universe paradox? Is it really true?
Would it have been possible to apply the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions at the moment of the big bang?
How do the Einstein Field Equations predict an expanding universe?
What does the end of our universe really mean? And if there is an end, what makes us think there's something outside?
Where does a multiverse end? What exists beyond that end? And if it doesn't end, then how can we justify a never-ending multiverse in highest dimension?
If the universe is finite, then what lies beyond the boundary? If it is infinite, what exactly does that mean?
If the theory of multiverse is true, does that mean there is God in one of them?
Let's say you were an omnipotent god and knew that in a few years, humans would create a device that would/could destroy the universe. What would you do?
Are we observers or participants in the universe? Are we the creator of the universe or are we just insignificant occupants of the universe?
Will we ever be able to travel to a parallel universe?
What are amazing facts about the expanding universe?
How can we imagine a black hole in our universe?
If the universe is expanding, where is it expanding to? Is the space to which it expands not also part of the universe?
As ridiculously infinitesimal as it may be, is it true that every object in the universe has gravitational pull on every other object in the universe?
Isn't atheism nonsensical? This is not intended to abuse anyone. I just find that the idea literally does not make any sense.
Is empty space really empty?
There are between 10^{72} to [math]10^{82}[/math] atoms in the universe. Can you break down that number into something more understandable, to put it in perspective?
What do you think the universe is composed of? I am curious on whether some of you believe in string theory or that the universe is a giant bubble.
Can something have a single occurrence in a universe of infinite possibilities?
Hypothetically, which is older between the events described in the big bang theory or the universal rules that govern what defines a triangle?
Were we humans created on earth or brought to it from another place?
Why don't physicists replace the word Big Bang with something else (since it is misnomer)?
Would the universe and the path humans are on be better or worse without accounts of Jesus? How so?
What's the correlation between AI and the universe?
Does the universe learn, is there inherent learning in the universe based on physical laws ?
Which is more complicated topic, human mind or universe (please give some explanation to your answer)?
Can we enclosed idea to things and creating an New space?
The Friedmann equation tells us that the universe is expanding in all directions. If this is so, why can't we travel to the future or the past?
Is there a center of the universe? If there is, how far are we from it?
If in the distant future the universe will start to deflate, will any live species be able to reach the end of the universe, and could they go beyond?
Since the Big Bang, how much older could any other civilizations (anywhere) be than ours?
What power holds the universe in place?
If God doesn't exist in this universe, then, is there another parallel universe or something of the kind where he could/does exist?
If earth was the size of an hydrogen atom, what would be the size of the current universe?
To what distances and ages of the universe does each redshift correspond to?
What was the power source for the big bang?
If our universe is a "bubble", a region which underwent inflation, what's at the edge of the bubble, and what's outside of it?
What causes a red giant to eject its outer layers, forming a planetary nebula?
So, because light has a limited speed, theoretically, if we could see 14 billion light years away, then could we see the light from the Big Bang?
What are the Illogical and Logical arguments that energy caused the universe?
Why is mathematics so effective in describing the laws of the universe?
Is the Casimir effect evidence that matter can be created from "nothing"?
According to the Pulsating Universe theory, how did the expanding universe contract at the end of this cycle?
Why can't 'why was the universe created' be answered by scientists?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
Why is there any matter at all in the universe? Why isn’t it just one big ball of gas?
How was the whole universe concentrated in a single point?
Are dark matter and energy the gravity from another universe?
Is it possible that two universes projecting in opposite directions were created during the big bang?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
How can the universe be infinite, or how could it not?
Does the multiverse theory suggest that our universe has edges? Or is our universe still infinite without a boundary?
If the big bang theory is not true, then what is the reason of me expanding?
Does observable universe takes dark matter and dark energy into account or it's just the 4.6% of the universe that we call observable?
What is a parallel universe? Does it really exist, or is it hypothetical?
Is it true that the universe beyond the observable limit is expanding more quickly than the speed of light?
Could it be possible that aliens are hiding beyond the observable universe when the universe become unobservable?
Is it possible to find a planet as big as our sun in our universe?
If universe is expanding then how conservation of energy and mass is possible? One of it must increase to occupy the free space?
Is the human mind capable of detecting, analyzing, and understanding all of the forces that underlie the existence and operation of the universe?
As moon revolves around earth and Earth around sun likewise does our solar system revolves around something?
Why we are not still able to find the start and end point of universe?
What if parellel universe collide with each other?
Is the universe expanding? How was it determined by scientists?
Imagine if you could control everything in the universe, violating the laws of physics. What would you do first?
Is it possible to calculate or estimate where we are in relation to the rest of the entire universe (not just the observable universe)?
Can we prove there is a multiverse (more than 1 universe)?
How can you know that big bang occured 15 billion years ago?
Does every Black Hole give birth to a new universe with different laws of physics?
How do cosmologists use the Big Bang model to explain the history of the universe?
Can miniverses exist? I mean heaven’s in one big universe.
Why are astronomers saying the farthest out galaxies that are more red shifted prove the universe is not going to collapse?
If the Big Bang Theory is proven then why are so many prominent institutions spending billions on finding an alternative model?
In the Canon Animorphs universe what were the Kelbrid like?
What is the average displacement of every atom in the universe?
Is it possible that in other universes objects stops moving in vacuum when there is no actual force on them? Or is this impossible?
Where is time in the universe?
What happens to other universes if one universe is destroyed?
What would happen if a hollow tube was put through the earth’s atmosphere?
If there was no universe, would time still exist?
Can we be able to keep the Sun or any star alive by dropping nuclear, hydrogen and other giant bombs?
Where is the border of this universe, and what is beyond it?
Can we bend the universe?
Billions of years ago when the universe was much denser, did time go faster than today?
Why universe has formed life?
If the universe is a simulation, could there be a number of individuals who are more specifically coded than the majority?
What would happen if the Big Bang didn’t explode?
Will universes similar or parallel to ours appear randomly in the multiverse forever?
What is the most interesting fact that reflexes the greatness of the universe?
Was the universe created by an infinite first cause from absolutely nothing into an already infinite existing matterless universe?
What could have been a possible reason or need for god to create the universe and intelligent life?
How can I understand dark matter?
Could the universe be expanding due to the heat created by matter and gravity?
Are we living in a multiverse (a place where infinite universes exist)?
Where can I get some philosophical arguments in favour of the statement that the universe is rational, with references, for a research work for assessment?
What would happen if all of the galaxies in the Universe were to stop in an instant?
If the Big Bang occurred on day 0, what day is it today?
If God has the power to create an infinite universe, why doesn't he solve world hunger?
Do you think Human-like creatures have existed before (or do now), elsewhere in the Universe?
As an atheist, how would you define the description of The Day of Judgment in the Quran, where there is a big bang that destroys everything? Do you believe that everything started with a big bang and will end in a big bang?
After 13 billion years, is the universe still expanding?
How do we know that the Big Bang was the expansion of the fabric of space-time and not just the expansion of matter in existing space-time?
What does our flat universe look like?
Is the universe defined as only physical i.e. excluding the unseen such as our thoughts, consciousness or (if any) the 5th-11th dimensions?
How is it possible to have all the chemical elements with few star recycles in a universe 13.7 billion years old and solar system of 4.6 billion?
Are dreams related to the parallel universe?
If a second universe was created with an identical Big Bang, do you think its Earth would be identical to ours?
Will we ever be able to find out about how the universe started?
How does the concept of the "heat death"of the universe work?
Is the universe a fractal network?
Is the universe expanding because the farthest light has now had time to reach us?
If there wasn't a universe, what would be in its place?
How much do we know about the universe?
Why do we not say that the Big Bang occurred in an already existing universe?
Did the big bang really happen, or is there any other theory that explains how the universe was formed?
What will happen if you don't reach your university grade requirements?
General relativity doesn't prohibits space to expand faster than the speed of light. What do we know about these particular parts of the Universe?
Does the success of techniques like meditation and reiki more or less prove that the universe is a simulation?
Will looking at the universe destroy it?
How do creationists explain the billions of galaxies (and presumably billions of inhabited planets) shown in Hubble photographs?
Can you rationalize with theories in physics how a person who has passed still exists in different timeline, dimensions, or in deterministic universe?
Was there a time there was 'nothing' in the universe?
Which math would exist in a continuous universe?
How much pressure was necessary to trigger the big bang?
Was the singularity that created the Big Bang in space?
When you want something the whole universe will stand with you till you achieve the same.Is truth in it?
Has there been a theory of multiple big bangs happening outside the observable universe?
Does the universe spin like a Frisbee or stand still (the Milky Way Galaxy spins)?
Do people ever wonder how the universe started?
How large is the known universe?
If the multiverse theory is true, shouldn't aliens (in one of the universes) have already figured out how to travel between universes?
What does it feel like to earn 10 billion at least during the 4 years in university?
Is the universe better thought about as a composite or as a seamless fabric?
Does the universe's accelerating expansion prove that its net energy is zero, as Amir Aczel claims?
What are the logical and illogical arguments that the universe is self caused?
Why is Cassandra O'Brian the last human at the end of the universe in Doctor Who, while later in the show, Ashildr is?
What does Victor Toth think of Lawrence Krauss's general interest book 'A Universe From Nothing'?
Is it possible that dark matter is present as regular matter in a parallel universe(s) but the same ‘space’ and hence, we cannot identify it?
Is it realistically possible to destroy the entire universe?
Could the Big Bang come from one enormous star that was once part of a different universe?
What are the laws of the universe?
How exactly the universe or the galaxies are controlled?
When will the next universe be born?
Why does the universe have so much chaos?
Is it possible to have a parallel universe in which people like us exist?
Could mass be the complex standing wave node in the universe?
How common do you think life is in the universe?
Can one imagine a space of 16 billion light years?
If there is no sentience in the universe, would it still be?
How do astronaut know that the Milky Way Galaxy is spiral?
What is the most amazing/bizarre object or formation in the known universe?
What do changing frequencies or vibrations have to do with traveling to other universes?
Is it possible to flip between different universe?
How do scientists know the universe is millions of years old?
What if distant galaxies red shift due to much elusive matter between them and us?
How do scientists know the universe is flat?
Is it possible to travel to a parallel universe in your dream?
What do you think God might have been doing before he created the universe? Was he created with the universe?
Why did the Big Bang predominantly create Hydrogen and Helium, rather than Iron?
Why do people want to be 'one with the universe'?
Who is supreme in the universe?
Can the universe and life be related to each other?
What is the concept behind the expansion of the Universe?
How many scales are there in physics of the universe?
When were the stars born in the universe?
Is there still any planets which is existing from the beginning of time to till now?
If we poofed a hypothetical universe into existence, devoid of life, then we poofed 1 human into existence, would there then be consciousness?
If the universe was rotating, would I constantly have to adjust my course if I wanted to travel from one star to another?
What are the things in the Universe that don't interact with light?
How did the universe come into MCQ?
How plausible is the theory that the big bang was caused by a supermassive black hole from a different universe and dimension?
What are the Friedmann models of the universe?
Does shadow universe actually exixst?
Why is the commonly stated radius of the universe 46 billion light years when the universe itself is 13.7 billion years old?
Was there any energy before the big bang?
How is the expansion of the universe accelerating if Hubble's constant is decreasing with time?
How do I accept the fact that we will probably never know the origin of the universe (prior to the big bang) in our lifetime?
Who would win in a fight between the entire Marvel universe and the entire Transformers universe, minus the omnipotent beings?
What is the current energy output of all the stars in the Universe? (W)?
Could physics many billion light years away, be different from the ones in our Galaxy?
Why would a 5-dimensional universe with four space dimensions and one time dimenion be unstable?
Is the transcension hypothesis the most probable explanation of the fate of intelligence in the universe as well as being a common framework for cosmic culture?
If time is infinite, can there be a starting point?
Does the holographic projector shown in Big Bang Theory exist? Where? How much does it cost?
What is the beginning of universe?
What is the ultimate future of the universe due to the effect of entropy?
Could scientists be wrong about the Big Bang?
Is it possible that galaxies move apart only due to the expansion of space itself and not as debris from an "explosion"?
Why can't we use infrared telescopes to see beyond the observable universe?
If the universe is expanding and NO new space is being created, does that mean the universe is elastic and may return to its first position after a limit?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
If space is continually expanding in all directions, does that mean we are bigger creatures than those who lived in the past?
What are your biggest questions about atheism and how the world works? I will attempt to answer them.
If the universe's mass has a Schwarzschild radius of 10 billion light years, how did the universe—once compacted even smaller—expand beyond that?
Are there multiverses?
Can consciousness really affect the existence of matter? Is this going to change our perspective on the universe?
If the universe stopped expanding and started contracting, would time start going backwards?
What is universe? I’m looking for a precise mathematical definition so that we can talk about other types of universes.
What are the relations between standard candle, expanding universe, dark energy, space-time bending, and the nature of photons?
If nothing can travel (expand) faster than light then how the universe has radius of 46 billion light years with only 13.6 billion years of age?
You are put in charge of a freshly created universe and are given immortality, teleportation and matter manipulation, what will you do?
If you were suddenly in a very similar alternative universe how would you want it to be?
When you look at the universe, what does it most resemble of anything on Earth?
What is the fastest known speed in the universe?
Is there any conceivable experiment that can measure the expansion of space locally?
What would happen if electrons disappeared from the universe?
Does universe have friction?
Is there a possible explicit rule to every pattern, and everything in the universe?
Could it be that everything in the universe is located all around the outside layer (like a balloon) and we are on it rather than in it?
What evidence do you have that the earth does not belong to some previous cosmos which existed before with matter that has different properties?
How can we see Galaxy IC 2066 0 PGC 15019 which is 108 Mega parsecs away from earth when universe is expanding faster than speed of light?
What proof is there for a static universe and disproof for the standard cosmological model?
If the rules of logic are fictional human constructs, what prevented the universe from existing and not existing at its birth and till now?
As universe is using lighter elements in fusion, is the element composition shifting towards heavier elements?
Since galaxies are moving away from us at ever increasing speeds, does it not follow that the observable universe will eventually disappear from view?
How big can we expand our aura?
Why does learning about the universe make me depressed?
What is the shape of the universe? Is there one universe or there are more than one? How could we be sure about the answer?
Is there any planet or heavenly body in the universe with negative gravity?
What is our purpose in this universe?
Can we find the expansion path of the Milky Way galaxy in a visible universe?
Is our universe expanding with acceleration or retardation?
What if repulsive forces cease to exist in the universe?
does the universe expend in to time ?
Could there be, hypothetically, a universe where causality does not exist?
If gravity slows time, what would time be like in areas of the universe with no objects (voids) other than particles that are not interacting with each other?
After the universe burns out, will there be another Big Bang?
What is the key to silent infinite vastness of now?
Are Saturn's rings being pulled further and further out? If yes, will they ever stop expanding?
What if there is nothing in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
What is the term for someone who believes that the universe plays a role in everything and daily happenings, but doesn't believe in any god?
If the universe expands faster than the speed of light, how is it possible to travel to an intergalactic destination with the hope of reaching there?
What are the theories of the universe?
Is it more likely that, when mankind finally meets an extra-terrestrial civilization, their bodies will be much larger, or much smaller than ours?
Is it possible to prevent earth from rotating?
If everything in our universe was reversed from regular matter/energy to dark matter/energy, would it make a difference?
Does the flow of particles since the big bang theory control our life?
What would the universe be like without any laws of nature?
If scientists could find life in either Enceladus or Europa, would it be a hard proof that life is abundant in the universe?
Is the universe superdeterministic at the most fundamental level?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
If the universe is a ball, can we find out using gravity at what radius we live in?
What if matter interacts a lot more with dark matter?
Is it possible to explain the universe by only using +/-e^i*tau and random distribution over infinite iterations?
Was the origin of the Universe just a coincidence?
Is there any other universe which supports life?
Where did Galileo say: Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe?
Were females the first to exist in heaven multiverses and omniverses?
Is there an observable that would refute the possibility that the speed of light has changed over the duration of the universe's existence?
Would anything significant happen to the universe if multiple wormholes were used simultaneously in different directions?
What was there at a given point, before the universe expanded into it? (Because the idea of absolutely nothing doesn't sound appealing.)
How did all the structures get aligned (plumb) and even in the universe? It is amazing that everything seems parallel, in symmetrical order.
Is there any hard sign of life outside of the universe?
How can the universe be defined?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Why are the universes basic physics counter intuitive to an intelligence that developed in that universe?
Why do space and time exist?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was an older universe decaying to a lower energy state?
Could sound waves have caused matter to cluster in the early universe?
What if the Big Bang was originated by the Big Rip of a precedent universe?
Are black holes two dimensional or 3 dimensional? How we will know how the universe is behind it?
Is there anything in physics that indicates that we live in a simulated universe? If so, what's that?
What is time? Is there any existence of time in our universe or we are just assuming it?
Is the Virgo Cluster outside the Hubble Sphere?
What comes after the death of our universe? A new universe? Does said new universe have the possibility of being like ours, with the same creatures?
Why exactly do people believe in the Big Bang Theory? It’s just like saying, “give me one free miracle and I'll explain everything.”
Was the universe one Planck-length long after one Planck second of its existence?
Will elephants and Thailand always exist in one universe?
Do circular galaxies exists?
If nothing ever happened before the Big Bang, then what caused the Big Bang?
Is it true that plasma only ever existed in the universe right after the Big Bang and never again?
How did astronomers come to the conclusion that the observable universe is 13.8 billion light years, wouldn't it take 27.6 billion years to do that?
Is the universe just an inflated impression of a quantum fluctuation?
If the universe consists of matter, dark matter and dark energy. What is the sum of its parts actually embedded in?
I feel like my 'chakras' are rotating at a very high speed when I am high. What is this? Is this possible?
Does the entropy always increases in the universe by expanssion of the universe?
If our Milky Way is flat, does that mean the universe is also flat?
How come space is expanding everywhere in the universe, not just on the "edge"?
Are there infinite big bangs in the Universe?
What are the odds of us living in the stomach of a giant fish that is bigger than the observable universe?
What is a Monocerotis system?
Was there inflation before the Big Bang?
What is the universe's endpoint? If we start moving away from earth to find its end, will we reach earth again?
Has the universe been infinite since the beginning of time?
Are humans really relevant in the context of the universe?
Is it possible that the attraction due to gravity and the expansion of the universe are actually the same thing in opposite timelines?
Is it possible that we could be the most developed civilisation in the universe?
Could teleportation (assuming it existed) transport people between parallel universes?
How do you trust in God, the universe, the cosmos, the energy, the natural law, and a higher self? Like true trust. Does it start with trust in yourself?
Is it possible that our universe will stay forever?
Assume multiverse theory is true would we be able to access memory of ourselves from other universe, are we then not multidimensional beings?
How do we know that there are parallel universes?
Is university really intense?
Does the prevailing understanding of the Big Bang Theory begin with a singularity at "time zero," or very shortly after time zero?
Can you destroy the universe by messing with time?
Where can I find a 3D plot of galactic clusters of the universe for any plotter? All LQG's and the resulting filamemtal structures should be present.
Does Islam support the Theory of Multiverse?
How does Doppler shift give evidence about the expansion of the Universe?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Does the edge of the universe really exist?
Is it possible that the universe, at its perimeter, is expanding into a vacuum of spacetime?
Do black holes feed on dark matter?
Could redshift be caused by something other than expansion?
Who runs the whole universe?
Is there a particular direction we point telescopes to find the oldest galaxies? Or can they be found in every direction?
Do you think that our universe is part of something much larger, outside of existence and reality?
Can a star busting attack, as in Star Wars canon, tear the very fabric of the universe?
Does one apply the relativistic formula to Hubble's law while dealing with galaxies which are extremely far from each other?
If the universe has infinite mass, and so does a black hole, can the universe be regarded as a form of black hole?
Since everything is moving away from the center of the universe, is there any cosmological body that is at rest in respect to everything?
What would happen if I held the supercondenesed particle of the big bang in my hand as it exploded?
How much energy is required to accelerate the expansion of the universe?
What is the speed of man at a universal level?
Are parallel universes and the multiverse possible? Could a large enough amount of energy create them (if they are possible - not if they actually exist)?
When calculating the total effect of gravity on the expanding universe, do they adjust for how gravitational pull is decreased for receding objects?
Why does Quora pretend to be "universal" and rational (as in university) when this is clearly not true and just a useful "schtick"?
Is there anything in the universe that goes slower than the speed of light that is not matter?
If light is the fastest speed in the known Universe, then does darkness have a speed as well?
If there is a multiverse, is it possible that there are universes with different histories, outcomes, and circumstances; are there endless possibilities of situations, so to speak?
How can we exist in a multiverse?
When did the sun appear in the universe?
According to a theory, the whole universe is assumed to be like a hologram projection with information on the surface of a black hole. If this is so, then can it be considered a proof for the existence of god?
Is the expansion of the universe really out of human reach?
Is it possible to visit the same place in universe twice? If not, why do we need temporal dimension?
Why did the universe continue expanding without collapsing into a black hole at the moment the density was different everywhere?
Shouldn't the dark matter/energy (comprising 95 percent of the total) make the universe mostly "curved", while the universe is considered mostly "flat"?
How do I start getting knowledge about our universe and space? I come from a nonscientific background and am interested in knowing the basics of it.
Why do people think that somebody or something has created this physical universe?
How do we know if there is only a single universe or multiverse?
How does dark energy stretch out the universe?
If Hell turns out to be the task of counting every single atom in the known universe at a rate of one per second, how long would it take?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
If the multiverse theory is wrong, what other theories are there where time is linear & doesn't split into alternate universes when paradoxes happen?
If everything came from a single point then is all matter not entangled?
Is Lawrence Krauss talking nonsense about humans destroying the universe?
How is the Doppler effect related to the expansion of the Universe?
Is there an escape velocity for the universe?
Why did the God make an illusive universe?
What happens to universe if every object starts universe starts free fall?
How do I patent or copyright proofs of existing theories of the universe?
What if all the galaxies in the universe just make up more matter maybe even another world?
Did the universe always exist according to quantum mechanics?
Time is about two things, relationship and motion. If the Earth was the only object in the universe, would time exist?
What is the rarest thing in the universe?
What is the main reason for the Big Bang, and why did the initial mass split rather than staying intact?
If you define nothing as no forces no matter, how can any universe or multiverse be formed or created?
Could the acceleration of the universe's expansion be caused by the decreasing total effective gravitational mass (density of matter)?
Why does common astrophysics refuse to incorporate an electric universe model as part of their theory?
In Clive Barker's Hellraiser universe, does God exist?
In time travel, if a paradox is avoided by history "splitting" into alternate universes, would that make sense?
Does Purusha Sookta talk about the infinite universe?
Is there anything in the known universe that is not composed of hydrogen or a naked hydrogen nucleus?
How cool is the universe?
Why is the universe not rational?
What is the highest density possible in this universe?
Is there any way our universe is actually a sentient organism but just a cell?
Will people be able to teleport from planet to planet, and galaxy to galaxy in the future?
Some say we will eventually be able to look back in space/time to the big bang (14 billion years ago). Wouldn't light from that event be long gone?
How did life begin in the Universe?
If there are an infinite amount of universes, does that mean our universe will always have duplicates?
In a multiverse, would there exist a universe in which pizza is a low-cal food?
What has happened with the DC universe and all of its history with the different universes?
What is the big bang theory? What is the cosmological explanation of it?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the implosion of a black hole in one universe exploding out to start another universe?
Is it possible to have a parallel worlds?
Can we see God in other planets or spacial bodies of the universe?
Does the universe include space only or it includes both space and time?
What year did the Big Bang occur? Or did it?
If the fundamental constants aren't really constant, could that mean the universe is older/younger than we think?
What are Superclusters and which one is the Milky Way located in?
What if the universe stopped expanding for 2 seconds?
Can we have visions from the parallel universes?
How likely are there to be "Multiverses"?
If space-time was conceived with the big bang, is it possible for it to go extinct someday?
Why is the universe so messed up?
What about the reason prevailing in the universe, if there is any?
Does everything in the universe have an opposite, e.g. light/darkness, sweet/bitter?
What is the nano spacecraft idea that Hawking and NASA propose? How viable a concept is it?
Does matter traveling to a parallel universe upset the Law of Conservation in some way?
I would like to obtain a deep, fundamental understanding of the universe through science/physics. What is the best plan of action to achieving this?
Do we have another universe?
How does mathematics help in understanding the universe?
Could we someday extract energy from the hypothetical inflaton field? If we made a mistake, could we accidentally create a bubble universe?
What are some of the coolest planets in the observable universe?
If there are different laws of physics somewhere in the universe, would they still be universal to the extent that the basic principles are the same?
Does the Big Bang theory prove the idea of a multiverse?
Will the accelerating expansion of the universe get out of hand one day? When?
If you put all matter and energy of the universe in a black hole, how big would this be and what would be the difference with the big bang?
Did the universe come from nothing or was matter/energy just always there?
If all the mass in the universe was equally spread out, how dense would it be?
Do we know of anything that is truly infinite?
What advances in recent studies have changed our understanding of the big bang theory?
If you were to take an atom from a different universe and place it in this universe, would something bad happen?
Could the Universe be just a part of a bigger picture?
Does quantum physics really explain the origins of the universe?
Is gravity the equal and opposite reaction to the Big Bang?
Why is Abhishek treated as the god of the universe?
If you could travel anywhere in the universe, where would you go, and why?
If parallel universe does exist, can you hop in between?
What existed outside of our Hubble space time during the Big Bang?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
Did any scientists realize there is a G-d after seeing the complexity of the universe?
Does dark matter contribute to the entropy of the universe?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Why am I smarter than every creature in the universe?
If the Law of Attraction is real, then why is the universe still expanding?
Is there any way to download all seasons of the Big Bang Theory?
Is the Universe a creation or an evolution from dark matter?
Does everything have a limit? Does our universe have one too?
If something is detected 2 billion light years away, does this necessarily mean it is from 2 billion years ago?
Is the expansion of universe at a constant speed or accelerating or decelerating?
If our Galaxy were a grain of sand how large would the universe be?
Could a universe of infinite spatial size come from nothing?
Did the Quran talk about the universe and the Big Bang?
Can we really say that quantum mechanics shows that the laws of physics "play dice"?
Why is the Law of Biogenesis seemingly disregarded when it pertains to the Big Bang Theory?
If the total mass of the universe is conserved, but the number of trees and animals is decreasing, then how can we say that the LOCM is correct?
If the universe is as large as the Sun, how small would the Earth be? Is it as small as a single neutron?
Is the any way of extracting energy out of pocket universes or parallel universes to power stuff in our universe?
Is the multiverse theory flawed?
Is the theory of big bang really occured or created by scientist?
If the Big Bang contained all the matter of the universe, how did the matter escape the massive amount of gravity to expand?
Where in the universe are we located?
If we can look at the earliest stars in the universe (as far as we can see, anyway) why can't we look closer at our neighbouring planets?
Isn't there a contradiction when scientists say that space-time is an entity, while they also say there could be parallel universes to ours?
Why does every particle in the universe attract every other particle, according to the universal law of gravitation?
Can the "speeding up" of the universal expansion be an illusion because space is getting stretched more on the outside than the inside?
What is the reason for our existence, and why should the universe continue?
If we are all so insignificant in this universe, why do we all strive for success?
How were universe creation theories seen back in the day they were created?
Do the QFT fields that permeate the universe get created as the universe expands?
Is Mars just like Earth in evolving to be a planet that can sustain life?
What is the role of Karma in the creation of this universe?
Does the universe have a horizon? How far is it from my house?
What will be the effect of gravity on fabrics of time if the universe started to re-collapsing?
Why does the universe start out as 'chaos'?
How do we there is not some huge amount of matter enclosing the universe pulling the universe toward it rather than dark energy pushing us apart?
What are the proposed theories regarding beforemath of big bang?
I have a button that when pressed, will cause the Big Bang to happen on Earth. What will humanity do about it?
For how many years has the universe existed?
If heat causes matter to expand, and if the universe is expanding, how is it that the universe is getting colder?
From Fringe the TV show, is it possible based on the concept of multiple universes that every persons choice results in a parallel timeline?
How many miles is 8 billion light years?
What is the 'one-electron universe theory' in layman terms?
Can you explain the red shift phenomenon and what it means for our conception of the universe?
If the Big Bang was real, why don't we have evidence supporting its existence?
If Electric Universe cosmology is true, wouldn't we have to go back to the drawing board on global climate theories and modeling?
Is it possible to use relativistic effects (or otherwise) to 'speed up' time for an observer relative to the rest of the universe?
If the universe was created from a single point, wouldn't that mean that time was compressed infinitely? Is time scaled in equations?
If the expansion of space and acceleration is due to the creation of new space and the decompression of space, could the universe be much older?
When everything in the universe would suddenly become twice as big, would one notice this?
Can any of our deeds result in the catastrophic demise of our universe such as creating a supermassive blackhole or tweaking the dark energy density?
Why would God care about me, in this mind-blowing huge universe in which we are insignificant as dust in the wind?
Will we truly succeed in putting a man on Mars in the coming 15 years?
What do people think about the Idea that the Universe is essentially a computer simulation?
Why is everything in the universe moving in a circular motion?
Are dreams about traveling through the Universe showing us parallel Universe?
The Universe is expanding, and the rate of expansion is accelerating. How does the addition of further matter become necessary to explain it?
Why is there matter in the universe? Why isn't it void but has matter?
How can a projection of a two dimensional holographic universe give rise to a third spatial dimension?
Can the universe be infinite and bounded?
Why should we select you in our university?
If you shifted the rotation of one planet in the universe, or a planet near earth would the repercussions be felt through the universe?
If you have a chance to send a message or photo to extraterrestrial life to describe yourself or your life, what will you choose to send?
What if movies are windows into other people's universe because of the infinite parallel universes?
Why do people say, "I was at university," instead of "at a university" or "University of X"?
Why energy and mass of universe is constant?
If you take out the vacuum energy of spacetime do you get the same as what is beyond our universe?
If the universe was not a vacuum, then can we hear every star making noise?
In which direction of the sky is the universe's expansion pointing, seen from our vantage point?
Is the Big Bang Kamehameha worth buying in Xenoverse 2?
Is there a universal big dream explanation?
What is the first thing that was created before and after the Big Bang?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, does each have a distinct quantum vacuum which is separate from all of the other quantum vacuums?
Since the Big Bang, everything is moving away and distances are increasing. If that’s so, why are our 2 galaxies colliding?
You can have all the knowledge of how the universe works, but there is a 60% chance that your brain will be literally fried, do you accept the offer?
If we have a positively curved universe that isn't completed going full circle, could that explain the increased speed of our expanding universe?
Are physics studies over macro (universe, galaxies) the same as micro (string theory, quantum mechanics)? If not, how much do we reconcile as of now?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
If there are more universes, or if a new one is made out of our universe's remains, is there a chance that earth could be cloned in other universes?
What processes could possibly have constructed the variety of structures in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, it should stretch the matter and space inside it and the gravity between bodies should decrease. Does it happen?
Is science’s explanation of the universe essentially based on the idea of "one free miracle?”
How do you prove that the universe wasn't built just yesterday?
Do you consider the phrase "The brain is the most complex thing in the universe" to be justified?
Discounting the force of gravity, what would be the effect on the universe of space as something that flows from atoms and compresses around matter?
Why can't multiple universes exist?
According to causality, what was the reason behind the Big Bang?
Is there a point when a computer can't get any faster due to the speed constant of the universe? Have we hit that limit?
Could the universe have been created by a black hole?
If rogue planets accounted for all the missing mass thought to consist of dark matter and energy, then how many of these planets would populate the universe?
If a radio signal is detected 13 billion light years away is there a chance that the thing that emitted it could already be long gone?
How is it possible that the Milky Way will have absolutely no stellar collisions with Andromeda when they collide in 4-5 billion years from now?
Does the universe cease to exist if there is no conscious living organism in it to look/experience it?
How many asteroids are in the observable universe?
Are farther galaxies receding from us at greater speeds than nearer galaxies?
What are the chances of the existence of another universe inside a black hole?
How do we know there are more things outside the observable universe?
If the observable universe was expanding faster than the speed of light, would we be able to see the CMB or observable universe as it is now?
If dark energy didnt exist, how fast would the universe collapse under its own gravity?
What is the energy that balances out the energy we know making the total energy in the universe zero? Is there any way to detect that energy?
If there are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, does that mean that in some universe the multiverse is a proven fact?
If black holes have a maximum capacity, do you think that this will further our understanding of the big bang theory?
Why does a plant grow upwards when gravity should pull it down?
Could there be more to our universe beyond what we can observe?
If there is a "god", is it possible that it evolved in another universe before creating this one?
Would it make more sense for the universe to be finite or infinite and why?
Why is it so hard to accept that the universe was designed by an entity that is inconceivable?
Is everything in the universe random?
What is at the very bottom of the universe?
Would an object in space, even a small one, have an gravitational effect on everything else in the universe?
Why is the universe frightening?
What is the chronology of the universe according to Big Bang cosmology?
If time travel were possible, would the act of changing future events necessitate the existence of other universes due to the nature of space-time?
What would exist between universes if the multiverse theory is true?
If planet Earth was magically transferred to another Galaxy within the observable universe, will we be able to identify our new location?
Is it possible for the universe to have both accelerating expansion and positive curvature?
Which are the most important events in the development of the universe?
If Blake Belladonna lived in our universe, what books would she like to read that exist in our universe (RWBY)?
Is there anything constant throughout the universe?
What would happen if the laws of our universe changed to the laws of the Minecraft universe?
Does the universe have twain or did God directly tweak the universe?
Which direction would I need to travel in to find the nearest edge of the universe if this were possible?
Does monpole exist anywhere in the universe?
If our universe isn't infinite, then wouldn't the existence of an ultimate creator be quite obvious?
Is the universe really expanding? If so, how come astronomers are discovering a lot of planets and stars nowadays?
Atheists: How did Muhammad know that the universe is expanding?
Is matter and consciousness fundamental to the universe or is consciousness alone fundamental to the universe?
What is our universe doing?
Is it possible to travel to a parallel universe?
Would it be possible to travel in the dimensions created by your mind? Say, if you had a dream that you could open a portal to that supposed universe, could you go there?
Does universe has a end point?
Is space-time like a piece of fabric (like a sheet)? If yes, then, is the existence of multiple universes based on this fact?
What exactly does the Hubble Constant describe?
Can the universe be expanding according to F=-kx^n like an SHM and eventually contract back to its original state?
Hypothetically speaking, what lies beyond the multiverse?
What is red shift? What does it tell about the universe?
How old will the universe be when it ends?
If you could make anything in the universe sentient, what would you pick and why?
Has there always been a universe?
What can we say about the "nothing" from which the Universe initially emerged?
What do scientists base their prediction of the age of the Universe on?
If you are allowed to think beyond the box and guess even the stupidest thing to explain how universe started. What will be your theory?
Is everything possible in an alternate universe?
What are the most retarded questions in the universe?
Is there any chance of forming planets, life, etc., again after everything in the universe has ended including the last black hole?
Why aren't we frozen if the universe is expanding at the speed of light?
Could the big bang have happened without a conscious observer?
Does the Big Bang theory persist on its merits or from an intellectual resistance to paradigm shifts (especially among senior cosmologists)?
What do you imagine the universe looking like, if it where a god and you could see all of it?
Is there any universal, physical, accepted proof for the existence of Mahabharata?
Could energy create all the multiverses and parallel universes? Does all come from energy?
Is it really possible that the pre-big-bang singularity was hot?
Is the Universe flat, or can you eventually end up at the same spot you started from?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
Given that the sun formed about 9.3 billion years after the Big Bang, isn't it likely that it's a 4th generation star?
If black holes are areas where space time is shrinking and in other areas space is expanding, is the universe overall perhaps not increasing in size?
Is there a way one could suggest the IAU name a star, planet, or galaxy after a person?
What are some things in the universe that are 100% one-sided?
What are the planets that are the best candidates to support life in our observable universe?
Does a photon always see itself stationary and omnipresent in the entire universe?
Since the universe and hence space itself is expanding, is this evidence that that a fourth dimension exists into which space expands?
In the future, do you think there will be a flat/closed/open universe (i.e "disproved theory" society) society?
Is it possible that other planets having life in the universe are more developed than we are?
How might physics be different in a space between universes that contains nothing?
Are there examples of emergences that fit well together?
What is the ultimate fundamental particle in the universe?
Die on earth or die anywhere in any universe, be it parallel or not; which would you choose?
How has new evidence changed our understanding of stars?
Did intelligence create the universe or did the universe make way for intelligence?
Is it possible that impossibility is a function of time and not simply of material alignments taking place in the physical universe?
How many burning stars are in this universe?
How can the universe be flat and infinite in all directions? Is this consistent with the Big Bang model?
If antimatter was stable, what would happen in the universe?
Theoretically, how much riches are in outer space? How much is everything worth in the universe?
When calculating the expansion of the universe, do they adjust it for gravitational red-shift?
As light travels 1 km, how much does the frequency decrease due to the expansion of the universe, and is this measurable today?
Who planted the seed that led to the Big Bang?
If possible with better technology in the future, will NASA take more deep field images to potentially see so far back to the Big Bang or just after?
Do electrons orbit around the center of an atom (nucleus) similarly to the way objects orbit significantly larger objects in space?
Do you believe we are alone in the whole universe?
Which Universe is more mysterious, god made or non god?
In a static finite universe why would all the objects always collapse to the centre? Why won't they be able to orbit the centre forever?
If the universe is expanding, do all "things" that comprise this "universe" expand as well but in absolute proportion that's why we can't detect it?
If time came into being after the universe was created, how can the universe have a beginning?
If we, or any civilization, do something significant at a universe level but at the cost of a planet, would it be worth it? Why or why not?
If the universe is infinite, would it be impossible for the universe to die of the heat death?
Can the stars and galaxies be seen as cells of a living universe and the neural structured dark matter, the neurons of the living universe?
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy? Which exists in space?
What happens to a beam of light as it approaches the edge of the universe?
God created the universe. God then created the humans, who are using science to try and explain how the universe works. Who believes this idea?
Where did the particles that caused the Big Bang originate?
What does it mean when we say the universe is flat?
Time is a dimension, so it must have been there before the Big Bang; but, it is said that there was no time before the Big Bang. How do you explain this?
Theory on Dark Matter for Thesis?
What happened to Solarians in the Asimov Universe?
Science unequivocally proves the origin of the universe and the origin of life. Now what happens?
How large was the universe after the period of inflation, to support the huge temperature drop in the first minutes?
What is the fast radio burst that just happened? Is it a new Big Bang? Is it a quantum physical event? Is it aliens?
Is there anything except matter and energy of which the universe is made?
What are the objects present in the universe other than black holes, stars and planets?
Where did the Big Bang happen? How is this known?
Is space really expanding faster than the speed of light?
Where do our universe ends? Where is the ending point?
Can it be possible that our whole universe is in a super, super massive black hole?
How did the universe, solar system and earth come into being with the Big Bang?
Is it possible that the Big Bang is the result of a previous universe's Big Crunch?
What's the possibility of a Boltzmann Brain showing up in my room right now? Or the chance of quantum flux to force the entire universe to implode?
Is friction present in the universe?
Is consciousness the byproduct of the mediation possibly taking place in another dimension other than the physical universe (Humean question)?
If there was hydrogen all over space after the Big Bang then why is there water only here on the earth?
Is different timeline a different universe?
How old is our universe?
If motion is relative, how does the speed limit for the universe work?
What is a simple explanation for how the universe formed as per the Big Bang theory?
Are we so ignorant that we can't even observe our navel?
What makes the universe expand?
Is the universe in constant growth?
Can it be proven that a human being is a miniature of the universe?
At the beginning of time, when the universe was only a few nano seconds old, was the Planck length the same as it is now?
Can there be black holes in a big bang universe?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
Could the curvature of space potentially be measured accurately enough to determine the shape/size of the universe?
When we study the universe are we really only looking as far as the capability of the human mind?
Are there static objects in the universe?
Could Universe be modelled in thermodynamic terms?
How big was the universe in the first few moments after the Big Bang?
Where did the Big Bang come from?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
Is the Universe as far as we can see, spherical or elliptical in shape?
What are the reasons that our universe can be accurately described by polynomial Hamiltonians of low order?
When considering the multiverse, is there any hard science that points to this being a reality?
If our solar system was traveling near the speed of light through intergalactic space, would humans outlive the universe?
If universe is a hologram, is everything pre-destined?
Is it a law of the universe that if you are grateful for something the universe will bless you?
Is there any existence beyond spacetime?
How is it that the center of the universe is not everywhere?
On Earth we have the Northern Lights. What kind of visual phenomena might I find in the skies of other planets around the universe?
Is going to Chandigarh University equivalent to destroying my career?
Could the conditions for life be different than ours in another part of the universe?
What is the need for the existence of humans? Are we really shaping the universe or are we just random stuff in this universe?
Many times I have had dreams that would become reality in the exact same way the very next day. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
How have distant galaxies receded so far from us since the Big Bang unless they travelled away at the speed of light?
Is time the expansion of the universe?
Does our universe end with just a black hole, or it will be an undefined cosmological force?
Could the universe ever start expanding again?
Which is the brightest object in the universe?
What if the earth and we don't exist at all and everything is an illusion of time because of the high expansion rate of the Universe?
What is the early universe?
If the universe started as a singularity ~13.5 billion years ago, then does our universe stop at the light horizon?
If the universe has no center, then is the Big Bang theory conceptually wrong, or is there any other satisfying theory for the origin of the universe?
Can the expansion of the universe be likened to a ball of dough full of raisins while being cooked?
Can there be a second place in the Universe where the human can stay as comfortable as on earth without the use of any extra protective clothing?
Is it possible that the expansion of the universe will be so strong that it will tear apart galaxies?
Is there really a parallel universe? If yes, how did it form?
The grand creator of this universe is Jehovah, do you agree?
If the universe is pointless and there is no God, what is the point of knowing the truth anyway?
Will we ever be able to explore galaxies outside of our local cluster?
Can you make the universe work in your favour?
What would be the impact on religion if it was confirmed that there are other civilized life forms in the universe?
Why is the universe a hologram?
What will earth be like in one billion years?
Is it hubris to think The Creator of the universe would interact with humans?
Does the existence of antimatter support the multiverse theory?
What is the most recent picture painted by neutrinos about our universe?
What would happen to the universe if pi=1?
What is the source of energy of this universe?
How can I open my mind to the complexity of the Universe?
What is the unsolved mystery of observable universe?
Have you come across the electric universe theory? If so, have you not found it to be the future direction of cosmological science?
What are the philosophical implications of there being only one electron in the universe or multiverse?
In the beginning of the universe, there was no light, but there was electromagnetic radiation. What kind of radiation was it?
Will it be possible for humankind to colonize the universe in the future?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
If there are an infinite number of universes, are there an infinite number of universes similar to ours with 1 or 2 small differences?
Is mathematics just a human invention that describes the universe well? Or does math really exist "out there" and is it the essence of all existence?
What statistics about the universe provoke awe or wonder?
Is our own universe a multiverse in itself?
Why do so many questions on Quora assume that accelerating expansion of the universe has been proven?
How come there is no end to universe (distance wise)?
Is our universe a complex form of nothingness?
How many stars are known to have orbiting planets?
If the universe was a simulation, what would be the ways to "break it" or "slow it down"?
Why do gluonic fields appear in the Universe?
What if dark energy is a pressure resulted from the creation of the things in the universe, like planets and everything?
Is it, or would it ever be theoretically and/or practically possible to create a big bang, that could result in the forming of a new universe?
What is the minimum distance one should travel in our universe to find a planet earth and his own copy?
What if the universe has the size, shape, and end?
Why is the amount of dark energy present in a very large amount in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, what is expanding and how does this influence the laws of physics? Are forces and their fields affected by expansion?
What would happen if there was no gravity in this universe?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Universe by the Creator? Is this just for fun or some real motive behind the creation?
If the universe is endless, then is Kalpana Chawla still falling?
Have you ever imagined what it’s like if there was 'nothing' (no life, no time, no universe, no colours)?
How do I stop singing in class?
What is the safest place in the universe?
Does the lack of a singularity disprove relativity or the Big Bang?
If you could create a universe, what would you do with it?
Is it possible that there is no age to the universe (e.g., time is either a product of the universe and its functions or vice versa)?
Let us assume a universe that cannot be quantized. An "analog" universe? How might it work?
How do we know that black holes are not older than the universe?
Does defaultness exist somewhere in the universe?
If the universe is a simulation, why is it so large?
Is time intrinsically linear, or are we as humans only experiencing it in a linear sense?
Could there be another way Baryonic matter is present in the universe?
Do current theories of the big bang support the existence of dark matter before the big bang occurred?
Is the universe round, or is it a circle?
When was the paradigm shift of the big bang complete?
How long do you think was the universe in the state of pre-Big Bang?
If the universe is rapidly expanding, why is a year always 365 days?
Is it possible for the universe to turn into a giant black hole?
What do you think about universe? Why are we here?
How do we know the universe has always been expanding?
If the Big Bang was the starting point for life, does that mean we are essentially star dust?
Why don't cosmologists take into account that dark energy will deplete with the expansion of the universe, and then acceleration will end & gravity will take over?
What if the black hole is a way to a new universe beyond our knowledge, and that universe is the universe which has other species?
How can quantum tunneling lead to a rapid entropy decrease after the heat death of the universe?
Why is the universe expanding instead of shrinking?
What is the cosmic egg?
Why are snowflakes identical? If the universe is infinite, would the answer be that every snowflake must have an infinite number of identical copies?
How did the scientists claimed that the Earth is 4.5 Billion years old?
Do modern Cosmologists really have any definite answers as to the origin of the Universe?
How do atheists answer the question of how the Universe started?
Is there only one Big Bang? Is there any possibility of having series of bangs or continuing bangs?
Has @Avishi Agarwal seen the universe?
Could our universe be fictional?
Does John Smith's recently updated physics explain dark matter, dark energy, cosmic filaments, and the EM Drive?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
If our universe were an atom and that group of such atoms created a huge living world, would the speed of light in that world slower?
What is the function of the Universe?
Is it possible that the universe just exploded out of a black hole?
Why is the cosmology of “Eternal recurrence of the same” unacceptable for Hawking and others?
Did lord Shiva create the universe?
Don’t you think before the big bang there were humans who left some planet on a big spacecraft into deep space and the remaining element of life is us?
Why can scientists detect galaxies millions/billions of light years away, yet can't confirm the existence of Planet 9?
Could the Big Bang singularity, with infinite mass and density, have been made from nothing to start our universe?
Since we are a super small point of the universe, shouldn't we stop caring about our stupid problems, and understand our uselessness?
What's the relationship between universe expansion and the speed of light?
Is the Earth a part of a larger masterplan in the universe?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
What keeps the universe balanced and how?
Are black holes the main fuel of the living universe?
What would happen (to the universe) if a paradox occurred?
The Bible speaks of other worlds. The universe is huge and has many planets and galaxies. Is there life that God has created somewhere in outer space?
There is a theory of our universe being inside a black-hole, but what would happen if the Big Bang Initial Singularity went off into an event horizon?
Why is the universe so strangely shaped? Shouldn't it be round around the Big Bang spot?
If the universe isn't infinite, then what is outside of the universe, and what is the difference between the inside and outside?
If you found yourself in a parallel universe, how would you know?
Is our personal perception of time (how long we experience one second to last) influenced by our movement through the universe?
Does length contraction imply that a moving observer should see the universe as contracted too?
In infinite space, a few big bangs occurring is a plausible scenario. Will a stretch of space not then be followed by a contraction after a big bang?
How long was time before the universe came to be?
What is the origin of energy in our universe?
What was there when there was nothing in this universe?
Would you rather be able to instantly teleport to places anywhere in the universe, or would you rather be able to time travel?
When the universe was the size of a basketball would there have been a geographical centre to it?
What laws require the existence of dark matter?
Is there a googol of anything in the entire universe?
How is the age of the Universe calculated when time is relative?
What would a 100% efficient universe look like?
Which are some unanswered facts about the universe?
How can pi play a role to solve the mystery of our universe?
Why do we think dark energy is responsible for the acceleration of expansion of the universe?
Does every birth recreate the origin of the universe, where something emerges from nothing?
Does the multiple universe theory support a universe where there are no multiple universes?
How small and how big are we in this giant universe?
How do you figure out the weight/mass of the universe?
What would happen if all the light in the universe would disappear for 2 minutes?
Can the expansion of space and the missing mass of the universe be explained by the distortions in our local space-time with nearby parallel universes?
Is it possible that the universe is aware of each of us?
Are we entangled with every version of ourselves in other universes under multiverse theories?
Let's say you are "somewhere" outside of the universe. What will you see if you look at the universe?
Can we consider our universe as an atom?
Does it ever blow your mind that universe exists and our planet is attached to that universe?
Does everything in the universe gets its mass from Higgs boson?
Was there only one massless particle according to the big bang?
Are galaxies rushing away from each other or are they fixed as space is expanding between them?
If God has always been, why did God take an infinite amount of time before deciding to make our universe?
What theories are behind dark matter?
If time doesn't pass for a photon, yet it is redshifted by the expansion of the universe over time, what frequency is it in its reference frame?
How can I create a fictional universe?
Is the standard model of physics restricting our view of the universe?
Can multiverses occupy the same space-time, and if so, can the creation of new multiverses explain the acceleration of expansion?
How large was the early universe during the first few seconds?
What would be the address of the universe?
In metaphysics, would dark matter constitute a negative universe?
What if we couldn't understand the true nature of the universe without calculating the exact number of Pi? Or if in another problem we round up too soon?
How in gods name do they extrapolate the temperature of the early universe with math?
If the universe is infinite, is everyone of us "the center of the universe"?
Where is a picture/illustration of the shape of our Universe available?
In Hubble's deep field, wouldn't those galaxies be long gone by now?
What would the universe look like if at the "Big Bang" all of the law of Thermodynamics (except the 1st) were reversed?
Is the universe still expanding due to the Big Bang, or does it have a separate cause (e.g. dark energy)?
If space and time are different for different observers, then are our lives and the universe only an illusion?
Why does objects tend to form systems at almost all scales in the universe?
How would the universe describe itself on a dating profile?
What would be the quickest way to destroy the universe?
How do I imagine the expanding universe in the limitless nothing? Am I correct? What is an example?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
What did the earth look like 2 billion years ago?
Once you traveled back/forward in time and returned to the present time, would you be in the original universe you started in or in another universe?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe? If possible, some references would help.?
If you had control of everything in the universe that ever could be, what would you do? You could do anything you wanted at all. No limits.
If distances were uniform between matter after the Big Bang, would we have stars and galaxies?
What would differ, if anything, travelling through the Andromeda Galaxy versus the Milky Way?
When the timeline of the Big Bang is discussed, what reference frame is implied?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
What does “multiverse” really mean?
Can I get the whole knowledge of the universe by meditation?
How do we know our universe wasn't created as a silly science project?
Can you refute the hypothesis that our universe is a black hole in a larger time-space and dark energy is the consequence of 3D time falling into it?
What is the basis of the alternative universe theory?
If the universe expanded from a single point, then we expect to detect gravitational waves that are emitted as a result of inflation?
What are the benefits of expanders?
How was the universe formed? Does God really exist?
Why do objects in our universe look flatter the faster you move?
If there are parallel universes,where are those located and why can't we access them?
How do we know how large the universe is?
What is the total number of atoms in the universe?
Where does all the energy of the universe originate from?
What if humans made this universe to test his own intelligence?
Can two areas of the universe that came to exist simultaneously be two different ages now?
If it were possible to view our universe from outside, would we feel the same sense of time as here?
Is it possible that dark energy is the same as dark matter but outside the universe?
Did you learn most of your abilities in university or outside of university?
Are we apertures through which the universe experiences itself?
Where can plasma be found in the universe?
What Hindu scriptures explains about universe, past and future of the universe?
What is the difference between the known universe and the "unknown universe?"
Are we able to be in 2 different universities at the same time?
Is it possible that there is a species in the universe that sees Light and Darkness completely differently?
What would happen if the second most plentiful element in the universe was running out on earth?
Can the voice of me thinking be from another form of myself in an alternate universe?
How has the universe inspired music?
If we assume that aliens exist somewhere in the universe, would they share a common time structure with us?
If I rewind the entire universe by 10 seconds, then let it play again, will the events be different?
Why aren't people hyperaware of the infinite size of the universe?
Which quantum phenomena in the long run supposes a new big bang?
If the universe is truly expanding and goes on indefinitely, what occupies the area ahead of the expanding universe?
Do scientists at NASA believe in the multi-verse theory and time warps?
If the galaxies of other Big Bang's were rushing toward us, how would they appear to us?
Is there a symbol that denotes the universe?
Is it okay to believe that anything you think of exists somewhere in the universe?
I want to reconnect with the Universe. How do I do it and what are the steps?
When the universe expands, does it create new space?
Why has the universe not been disintegrated yet by black holes?
If the Universe is so huge and so extravagant, then why do we as minuscule forms of organic matter believe in God?
Why do people claim the universe is flat?
What's the slowest moving object in the universe, and how much older are we in terms of relativity?
Is it possible that the universe has no beginning and no end and that space continues outward and inward infinitely?
If the Big Crunch happened, would a new universe appear?
Is their any real difference between the idea of creationism and the idea of a 'Big Bang' or other comparable theory?
If there are black holes with such strong gravitational fields, then why is the universe expanding?
Before stars formed in the universe, what forms of light were there?
If the universe was condensed in a single point, what created that single point? What was around? Are there theories?
What is the origin of the big bang theory?
Is there a black hole in the Eridanus Supervoid, the loneliest place in the universe?
Does Calhoun's Universe 25 experiment portray the limits to urbanisation?
Is it is true that our dream connect us with our parallel universe?
Is there anything in the universe that cannot be divided into two parts?
If alternate universes exist then why isn't there an alternate universe that has the technology to cross into alternate universes, and why haven't they crossed into our universe yet?
How stability of atoms could be affected with expansion of universe?
What are some facts about the Sun (or even about the Universe) that have been discarded?
If this universe is a simulation, then what is it a simulation of?
Are there any good and fairly accurate visual simulations that simulates the expansion rate of the universe?
What would be left if the universe was destroyed, and what would it look like?
Realistically, could there have been a race of humanoids living on Mars a billion years ago, given the existential artifacts left behind?
Is it possible that every single probability "creates" its own parallel universe?
If two galaxies were 5 billion light years and 10 billion light years away from us, how long would it take their light to reach us given the expansion rate of the Universe? Can you explain the calculations?
How does the expansion of the universe affect time?
How is dark matter produced, or has the amount of dark matter in the universe remained unchanged since the Big Bang?
Why is god always unfair only to me in this entire universe?
How can the universe be infinite and doesn't it make you uncomfortable that there is something that doesn't have any start and end?
If everything in the universe, including atoms and particles, stops moving, does time stop? Or does time continue, even if everything is frozen?
What if this universe is a black spherical ball and we are inside it, and we have many other such balls under one big ball and so on?
What does the border of the universe look like?
Where did the Big Bang start if there wasn't space before? Wouldn't it start everywhere and therefore have nowhere to expand to?
How do scientists measure the radius of the universe?
Are we in a dead-locked universe, just same loop where everything keep repeating itself?
Did god create the universe or do you believe in the big bang theory?
Is there an end to the universe?
Why is the universe flat?
What actually created our universe, a huge explosion or was it always there?
Do we have information on the ancient star that generated the solar system?
What percentage of the universe is luminous matter?
Are the galaxies orbitting the Milkyway in a flat plane?
Where did the energy for the big bang come from?
What did Buddha say about the origin of the universe?
According to Robert Frost, what is dark matter? How does it affect the universe? Does it really exist or is it a myth?
Vedas says heaven and hell are also places in the universe. What do you say?
Is there a universe without paradoxes?
What would happen if a single proton was added to the nucleus of every atom in the Universe?
Is there a known reason why the universe is so vast that it will take billions of years for even light to travel through it?
Why do theoretical physicists peddle conflicting theories about the Big Bang (finite universe) and parallel worlds (infinite universe)?
How do I determine if the universe is a simulation?
When will we live multiverse life?
Do you think it's possible that in parallel universes, earth is in different time periods?
Why do we suppose the universe is spatially homogeneous on a large enough scale?
At what point will we definitively know, that intelligent life exists in no other part of the galaxy or universe?
If, by MWI, there is one big wave function of universe evolving smoothly through time, could it be considered intelligent?
In millions of years, will we start to see objects outside of the observable universe, or will we lose sight of objects near the edge?
Could the Big Bang have consisted of an explosion of positive and negative energy that charged the universe with gravitational potential?
Hypothetically speaking, how many US dollars could the known Universe be appraised for?
Could this "Universe" of ours actually be inside a large box in a school laboratory in the real world?
Could a black hole rotate at one billion rpm's?
What is a good evidence that supports the Big Bang theory?
Why is the universe called flat?
Is the universe deterministic?
What is the most hospitable place in universe after earth?
What don’t we know about the universe?
Due to relativity, is it feasible that somewhere in the universe an entire galaxy has formed, lived out, and died in our lifetimes, or vice versa?
Never got a reliable answer for this question, how did it all start? What was the first thing that had occurred in this universe? How did that occur? What ever came first, how did it come?
How can we see the cosmic background radiation when the universe was so much smaller then and has expanded slower than the speed of light?
What does the universe look like now if so much of the light we see is from billions of years ago, do the 3D models we have represent now or the past?
Why does the word present stand for both the tense and for gift?
How do I completely understand Tolkien Universe?
What is the source of entropy in the universe?
Is there a possibility of particles not related to atoms whatsoever in this universe?
What is the speed of thought in the universe?
Is the universe programmed to self-destruct?
Could massive black holes be portals into other universe and be acting as a Big Bang by filling those baby universes with matter?
We know that time was started with the "Big Bang" but what is time really? Did it exist before the Big Bang?
If space is empty, why does it have dimensions?
Does anyone wonder what is this universe? What is the meaning of our existence?
How can you describe the biggest star found in the whole known universe?
How much positive energy exist in the universe?
How do we say universe is 13.82 billion years old?
What exactly happened to Laxmi Ratan Shukla's career? Wasn't he the next big prospect at a point of time?
Did hydrogen and oxygen cause the Big Bang?
Why didn’t the singularity that birthed the Big Bang just become a black hole?
Is there a quantum theory that would allow for someone creating a bubble universe that might allow for travel to other universes?
Is it possible that the entire universe we live in is simply a hologram?
On what basis does NASA names the planets and stars in the universe? What is the real meaning of those alphabets and numbers?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why is the center of every planet and every galaxy hot and dense?
Is the time scale the same during the entire evolution period of the universe – from Big Bang to now?
Who has proved there is infinite energy in the infinite universe?
What models of a non-curved, but finite, universe exist? Which is the most likely?
How is the universe infinite if it had to have started?
Is god dreaming the universe?
Given the law of conservation of energy and e=mc^2, does that mean the universe will never end since both mass and energy are never truly destroyed?
Did God create the universe out of nothing (creatio ex nihilo) or did He breath/speak it into existence (creatio ex logos)?
What will the next generation of stars (space) consist of?
Could it be possible that our entire universe is unknown fundamental particle within its own universe? Are there any theories regarding this idea?
Is it possible that there may be a different understanding to the universe, beyond the eyes of the human?
What is Carl Sagan's legacy? How did the influence the pop culture, if he influenced it at all?
We make a new galaxy like Milky Way by bringing 300B stars. How much time is needed to be in equilibrium if the gravity speed is equal to light speed?
How big would the first star in the universe be? Would it dwarf UY Scuti?
What if a person dies on earth and is reborn in our parallel universe?
If our universe ends in a big rip, will its last state be a quantum vacuum? Will there be the possibility of a new Big Bang then?
What if the whole universe is just an atom of an extra terrestrial life?
What are some faults in the big bounce theory besides the fact that we cannot test it?
Why is the universe rational?
Is it possible that the laws of physics change over time, or that they could be different in different places in the universe? What prevents this?
Is the multi verse theory true?
Are our problems minuscule compared to the huge universe out there?
Is the universe rational?
Would the time before the big bang be the same as the time after the end of the universe?
Why do most people disregard the universe in day-to-day life?
How do scientists know that there's singularity inside a black hole?
Are there possibilities of aliens surviving in the universe? Apart from discoveries, I will appreciate your logical answers.
What's the purpose of self-conscience in the universe?
If life had never evolved anywhere in the universe, would the universe have still existed and if so what would its purpose have been?
What programmed the universe?
If there is only one object in the universe, then does the time still exist?
How did the universe come into existence? Who created the universe?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Do infidels really exist in Islam? How do you recognise them?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
If the Earth was the size of a golf ball, how big relatively would the Solar System/Milky Way/observable Universe be?
What is the reasoning behind the theory that states if we were to fall into a bhole (without dying) we might end up wherevr or whenevr in the unverse?
If for some reason the entire universe ceased to exist except for our own galaxy, would we here on Earth go on as usual?
Was the Big Bang singularity both the biggest and smallest object in the baby universe?
Is the oscillating big bang theory still tenable?
What created the atoms needed to create the Big Bang?
Why is there one unicyclist at every university?
Was the temperature of the big bang the 'absolute hot' or could we recreate it?
What are some shocking facts about the universe?
What is the acceleration of the universe's expansion?
Are there any theories about the medium in which the universe or multiverse exist?
I read (in The Glass Universe, by Dava Sobel) that red giant stars have narrower spectral lines than red dwarf stars. Why?
What is alternate universe? And does it exist?
Is it possible that our universe is infinitely big in our 3 dimension?
How can we even try to understand time? Is there time? For example, how old is the universe, and what existed before that?
How can anyone in their right mind say that the entire universe came from a speck?
If space is expanding equally in all directions, then does this mean that it is also expanding on a molecular and atomic level as well?
Where does our solar system exist inside the Milky Way? Is it at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy?
How would the discovery of other lifeforms in the universe effect religion?
Given the statistical improbability of life on Earth, does the probability of life in the universe really outweigh the odds?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, then is it correct that the universe cannot be bigger than 13.8 billion light years, as nothing can move faster than light?
What number's factorial is closest to the number of atoms in the universe?
Is it possible that in another universe, physics are different, and creatures are in 1D?
How long would it take to walk the distance of the entire observable universe?
When our universe ends, will a new one be created, and is there a possibility of it having our solar system and all its creatures in it?
Are there any mysteries of the universe which are not meant to be solved?
Is creationism really different from big bang assumption? Why our mind needs a "beginning"?
Was the universe ever smoke or even like smoke?
New claims state that the universe has no direction. Doesn't this contradict the previously assumed theory that the universe is expanding?
How can UDFY-38135539 be found 30 billion light years away, when the universe is 13.8 billion years old?
How far can the expanding sponge analogy be taken and still have usefulness in understanding expansion of the universe?
If there are over 2 trillion galaxies, and we are on but 1 planet in 1 galaxy, what makes the Earth so special?
When, why and how did people of long ago start speculating about intelligent life in other parts of the universe?
What exploded in the Big Bang?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is the entropy of our universe? How do you calculate it and how can you measure it?
What are the odds that there are humans in other parts of the universe?
Do parallel universes exist? How different are their timelines? Do the same events occur in them as in ours?
How close are we to discovering a multiverse?
If we assume there is a multiverse, would time be the same, or different, across the universes?
Is the "secret of the universe" even a thing?
Is the earth really at the center of the universe?
Why does mathematical nomenclature have to be so steep if the entire universe can be quantized to geometry?
If the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, (counter intuitive because gravity is attracting) do dark energy and matter account for that?
Why are we surprised about the evil that God created inside us? And what is evil in the first place?
If this universe is made for human beings, why do they have a tiny abode (earth) in the gigantic cosmos?
What area of the Milky Way Galaxy has a red shift and what area has a blue shift?
Can you see any Galaxy from anywhere in the universe?
If we know about the big bang then what are the things that stop us from creating another big bang so we can make other planets like earth?
Hubble discovered that the galactic red shift increased with distance. Doesn't this imply the expansion of the universe is accelerating?
Does the stretching of space from universal expansion slow time? If so, could that be the reason of the redshift instead of an "increasing" expansion speed?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
Do you believe in the big bang theory? Why?
What is the universe according to your understanding?
Is it posssible for an entirely different universe to exist within empty space or dark matter?
Is a parallel universe a different dimension?
What did people use to believe in before the big bang theory?
Is there anything vaster than space?
If 2 parallel universes (mirror images of each other) are about to collide, then what would be the state of the hydrogen atoms of universe 1?
If there are an infinite number of parallel universes, does it mean that all currently existing species will always exist in another universe?
Why can't we have an infinite universe?
In an alternate universe, every planet is a cube. What are the effects?
Why was the unimaginably dense singularity of the big bang able to explode while black holes cannot?
If galaxies are speeding away in an ever expanding universe, what are the laws of physics involved in Galaxy collisions?
Couldn't dark energy simply be the shock wave of the big bang continuing into space?
When the universe ends can I assume it will become a giant black hole?
What would happen if there were an infant universe?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating according to this research?
How can there be more combinations of quantum numbers than there are atoms in the known universe?
Which theory describes the creation of the universe other than the big bang theory?
Is there any other independent evidence that the Universe is expanding, other than the red shifting of light from relatively greater distances?
Why do some people think that the big bang created what we are today?
Does any religion at any point supports the parallel universe theory?
Is the expansion of the universe accelerating or decelerating? If decelerating, what might it lead to?
Is there a slightest possibility that The Big Bang theory could be wrong?
Has what the universe consists of always existed?
Is it possible that the universe with its amazing complexity is only a grand accident?
Is the universe rational with quantum mechanics?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
If the progression of time is linear as Prof Muller stated in an earlier answer—does this linearity extend way back to the Big Bang?
Do school students in Saudi Arabia learn about the big bang and evolution?
Why do we care about the environment if the Universe is pointless anyway?
How do we know we started with a big bang?
What is the most abundant metal in the universe?
If dark matter was removed only from the earth's atmosphere, would we notice it?
Suppose the multiple worlds hypothesis were verified, could we receive data from the other universes?
What would our global society look like if everyone accepted at the same time the fact that we live in a universe that is completely predetermined?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
If you were to describe how big our universe is in a $1,000,000 prize competition, and the best description will win, how would you describe it?
Is there really an infinite amount of universes?
Assuming that you could go just past the edge of the universe and turn around, what would you see as the universe spread towards/past you?
Could a universe that never has conscious beings within it be said to have existed at all?
Could it be possible for this universe to have more spacial dimensions than the ones we are aware of?
Is the Dongshan He/Dongfeng Gao/Qing-yu Cai mathematical proof of universe creation from quantum fluctuations in a “small true vacuum bubble” valid?
If humans populated the entire universe, how many humans would there be?
When will we see a galaxy that is 13 billion light years away as it is now?
Before the universe, was it a completely dark void with nothing?
Does all that we know exist within the realm of our universe?
Some people theorize that the universe is "made of" math. What does this mean?
If science claim nothing starts from nothing therefore there isn't God as religious claim, where did the universe and humans come from then?
Does anybody who is not religious seriously think that we are alone in the universe?
Why won't we worship 'Bhramha ji' the creator of universe?
What can studies disclose about our universe?
Who are we? Why we are still alive? What is our value in the whole universe?
What is the book of the parallel universe where time is slower?
Why is universe endless?
Why does Saturn control everything that happens in the entire universe?
What are naturalists arguments against the universe being rational?
Does Swaraj University exist?
Why do celestial bodies form into clusters like galaxies, nebulae and star systems? Why aren't they evenly spread out in the universe?
When the last star in the universe eventually goes out, what will be the most common element left?
Why do we care about finding other "earth-like" planets when there's no way we would ever be able to travel to nor communicate with "anyone" there?
How did the temperature of the singularity become so high so that a bang could occur?
Do you think there is a possible chance that EVERYTHING we have been lead to believe about our universe is a lie?
Is time travel possible in the deterministic universe?
Is it possible to have zero coordinate velocity if we use our universe as the coordinate plane? If so, do we know of anything that has this trait?
What disproves the Big Beat Theory?
Was there no universe 15 billion years ago?
Have you ever thought that the universe is perennial? How do you feel when you think of it?
What happens if a big amount of energy is injected into the universe homogeneously without ripping its fabric?
What would happen if, in the near future, we took over the whole universe?
What would be the most probable reason of 2000-era if the universe were computer simulation?
What do you think the end of the universe would look like if it did end?
I believe that I have been in a parallel universe several times in my life. Has anyone else experienced that?
If the Big Bang shot everything outward in every direction, aren't the distances from us to the extreme outer edge different, relative to our position?
Are galaxies distributed uniformly throughout the Universe of are there anomalies? Is there a publicly accessible map of the Universe?
If we as humans, experience life because of the universe’s existence, is that the effect of the universe recognising itself?
If science explains everything about how universe came into being or how life has evolved​, is there still a need for God to exist?
The universe is expanding. How will Andromeda and the Milky Way collide in 4.5 billion years? Is it beyond comprehension?
Is universe a perfect vacuum?
What is the proportion of mass and space in the known universe?
Is it possible that black holes create other universes and big bang was actually an exit point, releasing matter and energy the black hole consumed?
Do we still believe that the universe is uniform/homogenous/isotropic?
What is the unification of all the four forces in the universe?
If, as seems probable, there are life forms on other planets in the universe, do theists believe they were created by their god?
Can we shrink something until it becomes nothing?
If the universe is infinite, then what is the meaning of "the universe is expanding"?
Does break up of a true relationship happens as universe wanted it so?
If the fabric of space is expanding, why do distances get bigger too?
Will LHC make a path to other universe?
How close to the conditions of the Big Bang are the conditions reached by modern particle accelerators?
Are we living in a simulated world? Has there been any anomaly detected in the universe/earth which raises doubts?
Can I say that the earth takes up room in our universe?
Is the Universe not what we think it is?
What existed before the Big Bang, and does it go beyond time, gravity, matter, space and energy?
If nothing at all is self consistent, then where does mass, energy, particles, or anything, come from?
Did Parmenides think that the universe doesn't have a beginning, that it always existed with the same shape and form?
Does the inflationary big bang resolve the flatness problem of the observable part of the universe or the entire universe?
Can history in counterfactual universes overlap the same space in a contingent block universe model?
How successful is Quantum Mechanics in explaining the universe?
Why does the universe appear black?
Can we find an explanation of the great universe?
Is the universe imperfect? If it is, then doesn't the quality of imperfection itself be imperfect, meaning that there are some things that are perfect?
How many dimensions are there in our universe?
Could our universe really just exist in a white box and the outer area be Heaven?
The Earth is a part of the galaxy. The galaxy is a part of the universe. So what is the universe a part of?
To what extent is the universe made up of information formatting and how much of conscious evolution is a mere response to such format fluctuation?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
When will it no longer be possible for the universe to support life (assuming other life exists outside of earth)?
How do some believers accept the Big Bang theory?
What actually happened in the formation of the big bang?
How many Milky Ways fit into the universe?
What are the alternatives to a "block universe" theory of time? What are the most accepted? What just fascinates you?
Is it possible to build a telescope that could allow us to observe beyond the observable universe?
What are some amazing things about the earth, the human body, and the universe that let us know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a Creator?
How much more mass would the universe have to contain for it to go beyond its critical density?
Science can't explain the origins of 'the big bang' yet also states 'nothing can come from nothing'. Surely this theory is therefore incorrect?
How can humans explore the universe without ageing and dying before our destinations?
What is the lethal range of a gamma ray burst, if it were pointed at Earth?
Have some concepts of the universe as shown in the film Interstellar similar to the Jain concept?
Can an infinite universe be contingent?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, then shouldn't the borders of the universe travel backwards in time (according to special relativity)?
Universe is not accelerating at an increasing rate. Will this affect the dark matter theories as they were to have been the catalyst?
What is a big trailer klieg lights?
Is the speed the universe can expand limited?
What is the meaning of life, death, and the universe?
Will the universe lose energy after it ends?
Lets say the multiverse exists. How might it be? Would it be completely different or with little differences than us?
How would you define the parallel universe with space and time?
If there is no change in universe does time lose its significance?
If Earth is 4.5 billion years old, could we look back and see Earth as it was say 2.9 billion years ago?
What happens when someone realizes that they actually the only sentient being in the universe?
What's the most accepted theory regarding how the universe will come to an end?
How did the universe evolve into a heterogeneous distribution? I mean, should the density of the universe be constant?
How can something collide with our solar system when the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from each other?
Do you believe that we as humans are incapable of accepting that the universe ‘just is’ - that there is no 'bigger picture' or 'designer'?
Is there any mathematical proof of the big bang?
Why can’t it be said that the size of the universe is finite if it is known that its size was finite during the Big Bang?
During the formation of the universe, how was platinum created?
If you were travelling safely at the speed of light through our universe, would you have a rough idea of where you are?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
There is a theory that there are other universes outside "our" universe. What will happen when they eventually collide?
What is Planck time, and its significance with the age of the universe?
What lies beyond the 13.8 billion light year observable universe?
I am interested in cosmology, the universe, space and time in general, does anyone know any good books that fit within these topics?
How nebula is so huge? Are there enough matter from an exploded star to fill light years of space with matter?
What are other theories other than the multiverse?
If God can create anything, can it create a universe where it doesn’t exist?
What is the difference between termination shock and heliopause?
What if all of the universe turned into water except the Earth?
Suppose aliens exist. How do you think they look? How do you think they think?
Is there any fixed point in the universe?
If the entire time line of our universe is being written on a 5th dimensional plane or paper, how would we know?
Is there any evidence of the universe being a quantum computer? Is the hypothesis of a simulated universe really taken seriously by scientists?
Does the inflation theory predict the universe has existed since infinite time and hence there was no Big Bang?
What is there in the another foci of solar system, if nothing is there, the path traced by planets should be circle, but it is elliptical why?
Before the Big Bang was “nothing,” was it really nothing or was it an eternal something?
How will the universe come to an end?
Is the present universe bigger on the inside than it is on the outside past universe?
Is there only one parallel universe for each one?
What if the universe contains billions of intelligent life?
How often do you contemplate on the origins of our universe? I personally feel the Big Bang Theory to be perfect stupidity. How about you?
What are your thoughts on the idea that we can influence the universe with our beliefs?
Do astrophysicists sometimes feel that the universe isn't that huge after all?
Is the universe expanding due to the repulsive force of the big bang or due to the formation of new space?
If the universe operates on some OS of God, can we bend the rules and find hitches and glitches to break the laws of nature and reach to him directly?
Can somebody explain further the concept of parallel universes?
How can there be a part of the universe we can't observe if nothing can travel faster than light?
Why do scientists say that there may be many universes making up the multiverse instead of the other way round?
How was this universe formed/created?
If our universe is a simulation, what is likely the purpose of it?
If one big bang happened at some point, why can't there be millions or more of big bangs occurring at other points?
Why does our universe expand?
Are there alien in the universe?
How much more should the universe expand to reach a temperature of 0 K?
How would we know when the Big Crunch happens?
What is the brightest star ever discovered? I don't mean brightest as seen from Earth, but from anywhere in the universe.
What year do you think the end of the universe will be?
How many moons does our universe/Galaxy system have?
Is Om the primordial sound of the universe?
To what size will the observable universe grow?
If we live in a multiverse, why is my consciousness in this universe?
If there was no life that could sense the universe, would it really exist?
Is outer space an infinite circle or an infinite area?
Why the time running slow in the universe?
Is everything in the universe technically considered energy?
What is the biggest mystery that is revealed about the universe?
Does time equal zero in the universe, meaning time does not exist mathematically?
Who took photos of sun prior to 5 billion years ago?
Many people have asked if the universe is a super computer simulation but is it instead a hyper computer simulation?
Is trying to understand what happened in the past (Big Bang Theory) as exciting as how far we could advance in the future (ML and technology)?
How many directions actually exist in the universe and how are they defined?
What is the energy of black energy in the observable universe?
What are the 12 particles of matter that make up the Universe?
Is there any other universe which lies beyond our Universe?
How will Universe end? Will it be a big crush or will it be a Big Rip?
What proof is there that a god created the universe?
What does the big bang's ground zero look like today?
According to m-theory our universe has 11 dimensions, how will the other dimensions be?
What is the theory of universal gravitation?
How can we see the Galaxy MACS0647-JD, 13.3 billion lightyears away, if the Universe is only 13.7 billion years old?
If accidentally a stone break astronout's helmet glass in space, what would happen to his body?
Since practical meaning of expansion of 'space' is drifting away of galaxies from one another, So has the space the 'power' of 'push'?
Which is the largest object or body in this entire universe and the other parallel universe?
Is the human mind the most effective creation in the universe?
Will future Trunks join the Multiverse Tournament?
Is there a book/tablet/notes/data drive/list somewhere that all the laws of the universe are kept on? Or perhaps Allah's notes?
As nothing in our universe is exact, does this mean that each individual atom of an element varies in size?
Does a parallal universe exist? What is the proof of its existence?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
How do we know that the universe is 27% made up of dark matter?
What is the best way to understand the concept of inflation that occurred before the Big Bang?
Are “infinite” and “not defined” the same or not, and why?
What would happen if we created a simulation of the big bang in a super computer?
Could future technology and physics control and master space and time universes and everything that's beyond the Multiverse?
Do we know anything about the history of dark matter in the universe?
Which phase is most abundant in the universe; solid, liquid or gas, and why?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
Would looking at a black hole be like looking at a mirror, since light would follow the curved space time around it, and get sent back towards you?
If Mass+Energy is constant, then does that means life of universe is finite??
What in the universe is not a function of time?
What are the biggest and smallest known objects in our cosmos?
Is the universe endless?
Can the Big Bang/Inflation be considered the un-curving of spacetime instead of the expansion of space and the beginning of time?
What does this mean: “They say home is where your heart is. Mine is among the stars, across the universe”?
Why do object get attracted downwards in the universe?
Will the asian elephant always exist in other universes in temporary time frames, after which they exist in other universes?
We know stars are immovable. But I also heard galaxies move. How is that possible?
Do Baryonic Acoustic Oscillations (BAO) make sense in an open 3D Universe? No reflective or circular boundaries means no standing waves.
What is Pulsating (Oscillating) Universe theory?
Are there many universe or a single universe?
Why are we so convinced that our existence matters to the universe?
Are we simply observers of the universe, or do we create it with our thoughts?
What is the strongest thing in our Universe?
What are some really good movies/documentaries about outer space and life on other planets?
What is the best word in the multiverse?
Since the universe didn't create itself, how did it come into being? Having read Hawking, a very good answer remains. Anyone care to give it a try?
What is the most important proof we have that authenticates and validates the happenings of the first few years after the Big Bang?
Is an increase in intelligence within species a goal in the universe's design or a flaw?
What brought about the singularity from which the Big Bang occurred?
What are the facts concerning the existence of a second universe in a black hole? Is there another earth in the universe?
Is there a point or place in the universe which does not follow maths or number theory?
If the multiverse exists can we travel between its branches (component universes)?
What level of civilization are we in now on the universal scale? The last time I checked, it was 0.73. Did it change since then?
According to thermodynamics entropy of the universe is always increasing in spontaneous processes but what about the black holes in this regard?
Since space and time came into existence after the big bang, does space-time expand as the universe does?
Why is the entropy of the universe increasing?
Assuming that a Big Crunch precedes a Big Bang, what is the probability of the repetition of similar physics as experienced now, post-Big Bang II?
Which is the first living organism in the universe?
Are there any discoveries that completely contradicts the Big Bang Theory?
Where can I watch the big bang theory online?
Is it possible that in our universe things exist that are completely undetectable?
Does the amount of time in the universe increase or decrease?
Does an atom contain every information in the universe?
If the universe is expanding at a rate of 3.5 times c, then what about the theory of relativity, which states that nothing is faster than light?
What matter makes up a vacuum? What's really an empty space in the universe?
What happens if there is another sun on the other side of Earth?
How did gravity pull things together after the Big Bang?
Since space is expanding but humans resist it, do we still get forced slightly apart?
When was the first time you encountered the concept of an expanding universe?
If all the matter in the universe is drawn together by gravity, why isn't all matter constantly compacted into many infinite singularities?
The universe was infinitely hot and dense. So what was outside of it?
Could be that in an early universe when the highs field formed that photons started to behave like matter and fusion occurred creating stable matter?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Are there more stars in the universe than there are drops of water on earth?
What is the name of the virtual game they play in The Big Bang Theory?
Why is the observable universe roughly the same length in all directions from earth?
What are the chances of there being planet/and or Moon sized life forms in the universe?
Do you think there are elements in the universe we have not discovered yet?
What is the most distant object from the big bang?
If you are the entire universe, will you be touching yourself?
What is the furthest planet, star, or galaxy in the universe that is visible from the Hubble telescope?
What happens when there is no universe?
When will Earth officially be in the "future" period?
What are the realms of the universe in Hinduism?
According to the multi-universe theory, how were the first universes created?
If energy can neither be created nor destroyed, how is it that the Big Bang theory is still viable?
What is the best feeling in the universe?
How can I prove that there are parallel universes?
What is the recent hypothesis on cosmos?
Other than black holes, are there places in the universe where time travel is possible? (Like can't we create our own space travel car or something?)
Is it mathematically plausible that something—information or consciousness—might have preceded the Big Bang?
Assuming the universe is finite, how could E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 be possible?
What is the infinite future like?
How can nothingness exist?
How many bytes of information has been generated by the universe since the big bang?
How energy came into existence in the universe?
If Big Bang started from singularity, then what was its position in the universe?
Will there ever be a time when all the atoms in the universe cease to exist?
Could advanced civilizations be protecting the universe?
Did the universe start from a small dot?
Is the Big Bang an acceptable argument for how the universe came to existence? Are there facts to prove this?
What if there is a border on the outside, outside universe saying "Turn back! You can't pass through here!" and it's like walking up to a wall?
If the universe is so big, is it possible there is another planet with humans on it like earth?
Assuming parallel universes existed, how would your interactions be with other worlds' people, and your own alter-egos there?
If the universe is infinite, does that mean that every point is the centre?
As there are many stars in the universe, then because of gravitational attraction, why don't they all fall together at some point?
What are the major eras in the history of the universe?
In an infinite universe, there are not only exact copies of Earth, but also near copies. Which of those would you want to visit, and why?
If we find a galaxy trillions of light years away, how will the Big Bang Theory be revised?
Does a para-universe exist or not?
How would you debunk this statement: ''The big bang is false, because if everything began with a tiny particle that had infinite mass and infinite density, then it would have had infinite gravity. So how could it have ever expanded/exploded in the first place”?
What is the significance of humans in this extraordinarily vast universe?
Can a higher dimensional universe exist in a lower dimensional universe?
What is the difference between the 'expansion' and the 'accelerated expansion' of the universe? Is simple 'expansion' not also 'accelerating'?
In which plane of existence is Kamaloka situated?
What is the logical proof for the big bang theory? Is there a certain time when the universe started and what is the basis for that deduction?
Was Harlan Ellison correct when he stated, "The two most abundant things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity"?
What is that I can learn in less than a minute, which will help the universe?
If everything that exists and that will ever exist in this universe will cease to exist, what is meaningful?
If it is more likely than not that the universe is a simulation and simulations can be re-run could we experience our lives many times over?
What if every atom was its own universe and our galaxy was nothing more than the equivalent of an electron?
Why is the earth the only habitable planet in the known universe?
Is the wavelength of a photon stretched out caused by the expansion of the universe? If so does its energy decrease?
Who created the universe supreme power, Allah or Brahma?
What would a non mathematical universe look like?
What is the proof of the existence of 14 billion light year distant galaxies (beyond observable) other than the red-shift based expansion of observable galaxies?
If the multiverse theory is true, what universes can you come up with that have only minor details changed from ours that ensures hilarity?
If, starting today, new evidence is found that the universe is infinite, what would that evidence be?
What surrounds our Universe?
If you had a chance to create the universe again, what would your universe be like?
From where was the universe created?
What is the significance of number 432 ? How is it related to humans and cosmos?
What are some of the most amazing facts about Universe?
Does apparent randomness in the universe disprove God?
There are now 2 theories to explain Hubble's Law, the expansion of space and dark energy. Which is more likely true?
Why do fictional universes have planets that have the same climate throughout its surface?
Do legitimate physicists really entertain the idea that the universe is a computer simulation?
What if our universe is a pocket universe?
What is space time? What does flat universe mean?
What would you be like in a parallel universe?
If the universe is infinitely complex, can we know that it's infinitely variable, dynamic and complex?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
As Entropy of Universe is increasing with time, is it possible to go back in time (because that'd lead to decrease in Universe's Entropy)?
Is it necessary for matter, anti matter or dark matter to be present at every point of universe?
Why did the universe expand rapidly?
If the Big Bang exploded, must it not also have imploded?
Is matter unquantifiable? Is the universe unlimited? Must the universe have a creator; what is necessary for something to always have been?
Did Space-Time started with the big bang?
If temporarily switching gravity off causes universal entropy to basically reset is it possible for our universe to be remnants of such an event?
If I threw a baseball from the edge of the universe what would happen?
Why does the universe need a beginning? Can't it always have been here? Isn't that the nature of what reality "is?"
What are your predictions on the likelihood of dicovering carbon based (or any other) life forms in the universe and how will that come about?
Do Christians believe in the Big Bang?
If you were to instantly move 13.82 billion light years away, would the observable universe grow?
Is hydrogen the basic atom of all elements and compounds starting from the Big Bang?
Does quantum physics say that we live in a "digital" universe?
Is there any proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life on our planet or in the Galaxy/universe?
What is the most intelligent form of life, possible, in our universe?
According to the Big Bang theory, what caused the sun to form, if matter developed from this and suns die and new ones are formed all of the time?
If during inflation, the universe expanded faster than speed of light, wouldn't that lead to a "light boom" where light would superimpose on itself?
How are we able to calculate the age of the universe more accurately than before?
Why should I save people’s lives if everyone/everything will end with the heat death of the universe?
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, but how did our universe start with the energy of a big bang?
Is a multiverse theory scientifically possible with respect to the 'cold spot' of the cosmos?
What makes you feel like you have been transcended to another universe?
How can we find out whether Dark Matter exist in universe or not?
Could the universe be a sphere?
What is the integration of infinite?
Is the rate of the flow of time constant throughout the Earth?
Are the simulation universe and holographic universe the same theory?
Is our 3-dimensional perspective of the universe (which may have 16 dimensions) forever limited to answer the theory of everything, or are we close?
I'm trying to answer the question: "Why are galaxies at the edge of the universe approaching the speed of light?" Is my hypothesis correct?
If the universe was at one point a singularity and expanded, then shouldn’t the universe be symmetrical, because it expands on all sides at an equal rate?
I need to make a wormhole project for school. How do I make a miniature wormhole?
Is the universe also a black hole?
Which national universities are ready for an attempt to clean up the universe from dangerous scrap with a grappler coming out of a small cube?
If everything tends to disorder in the universe, how did it all get ordered in the first place?
How, according to Tagore, is an individual related to the universe?
What if we/all living beings are some microorganisms to some large ultimate being? Say the whole galaxy/universe is just a part of it's body, what would this mean?
What is eternal in this universe?
All matter in the universe warps space, distorting light from distant galaxies. Could it be that we are looking at the same galaxy in opposite directions?
If space is increasing outwardly beyond the edges of the universe, shouldn't it also be increasing inwardly in density beyond the planck length?
Is it possible that a particle entangles with another one, more distant than the observable universe?
How does dark matter react with ordinary matter in our universe?
What does staying still mean? Can something stay perfectly still if space is constantly expanding?
Is the Big Bang theory still true?
Do you think the human race as we know it now will every be able to find out what event happened that created the universe?
Is there some inner logic built into the universe?
If 90% of the universe is dark matter/energy, is it possible that intelligent aliens are made of dark matter and that's why can't we detect them ?
If the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light, how is this not a violation of special relativity?
If it were possible to travel faster than c, and I departed from any given point, and flew through the universe would I return to my starting point?
If parallel universes exist, does it mean that all current species never permanently go extinct in the multiverse, but rather just in our universe?
Would the world be better off knowing something so simple about the way the universe began, but could also be used by anyone to harm one another?
What would happen if time were to vanish from the universe?
What is that which is immortal in the Universe?
What is beyond the boundaries of the universe?
Should humans avoid space and leave it to our robots?
Does breaking into or destroying even the smallest bit of space-time make you universal?
Because space is invisible, what is the best way to define it?
Could the universe's expansion cause new planets and galaxies?
How can the universe be flat when the big bang was a three-dimensional event?
Is there a possibility that the universe we see is inside another big universe?
Scientists say that the universe began expanding from the explosion. Is this true?
What causes galaxies to form? Why do planets, stars, solar systems, etc. not just form randomly across the universe?
Can anyone have an idea about how the universe come into existence?
The Milky Way is supposed to merge with Andromeda in about 4 billion years. Does that mean the apocalypse is still at least 4 billion years away?
Could the Earth indeed be flat in a parallel universe?
What was the energy equivalence of all the matter and energy in the universe at the time of the big bang?
Can everything in the universe be broken down into atoms and quarks or is string theory still a valid theory? What is empty space made up of?
Is the evidence of parallel universes slowly disappearing?
How is the sun gravitational pull so massive to pull the entire universe in circles?
Is the age of the universe divided into periods, like the Earth's is (e.g., Jurassic, Triassic, etc.)?
Most of space is billions of light years away. How do we know what is happening right now? And how do we adjust for searching for extra terrestrial beings?
Can you explain the Big Bang theory in a simple, nonscientific way?
How can you describe the rarest things in the universe?
After the Big Bang, time had been frozen for so long because of extreme gravity. How did it expand without time for so long?
Are rainbows spherical in shape? If so, why?
What if mirrors were windows to parallel universes?
Where does multiverse end?
Are we really of an holographic universe?
Is the universe creating more space or just adding things to a blank void?
Are the fields making our universe a result of a phase change from "inflatons?"
Have the dark matter people looked into the mass of the outermost stars of our galaxy for their quarry?
What are the facts about world that makes everyone sad?
How were the galaxies and the stars formed after the Big Bang?
Do you ever feel like the universe is on your side watching out for you?
What is the Laniakea and how does it relate to the universe?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
If the speed of light was instantaneous, what would the night sky look like?
Does the universe end somewhere?
How have the views on universe creation theories changed through time?
When the universe ends, (if it ever does) could another "Big Bang" happen?
How would you describe the universe?
How do we calculate the distance of observable universe?
Does universal confidence exist?
Can they prove the existence of the multiverse?
Is kinetic energy expanding the universe?
How does Buddhism explain time and the origin of the universe?
What is the current estimated lifetime of a metastable Higgs field?
Was there entropy before the Big Bang?
Are the limits of the observable universe in constant expansion?
Is there any possibility of the presence of aliens in the universe?
Even if the Universe aproaches its end (Big Freeze), would Gravity or Dark Energy cease to exist?
Do you think the number of lives on earth/universe is a constant or variable and trend if any?
If the universe is expanding, could it eventually contract back to the Big Bang so all events past, present and future will be played out backwards?
Could our universe be a fake?
If the universe is a simulation, would things like resurrection be theoretically possible?
What is the relationship between the acceleration of the universe and the existence of dark energy?
Can we be in a phase of division (since it is expanding) like mitosis, if we consider the universe a giant organism?
Could our universe be a true vacuum expanding inside a universe of false vacuum?
Why is gravity the weakest force in the universe?
Is there any portal in space to another universe?
If a virtual simulation of the universe was created, how big would the computer have to be?
Is there some greater planes of existence, that goes beyond matter, energy and time, with Completely foreign concepts, not found in our universe?
If universe was formed from the expansion/explosion of a single entity, where was that particle present? Was it in spacetime?
Isn't it true that science is merely man’s explanation of the universe and not some kind of ultimate truth of the universe?
Presuming there is no free will, is the multiverse possible?
What is the significance of the frequencies 432 Hz and 528 Hz?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
If we assume that the universe exists in a physical form, how do we explain its infinite nature?
Have you been raped? Was it very painful?
Is mathematics a way of connectivity to everything known and unknown in the universe?
What if we found less advanced human-like species somewhere in the universe?
Do discoveries related to the holographic universe point also to the black hole origin of the universe?
What is the oldest galaxy in the universe?
If nothing can move faster than the speed of light, how did the inflation take place faster than C after the big bang??
If we have a magic cube (10cm x 10cm x 10cm), that duplicates itself every 5 minutes, will it cover the whole Universe? If yes, how long would it take?
When we get to Mars, will we be able to communicate with people on earth like we see in the movies? How would we do it?
As the universe is expanding, the density of dark energy in the space should go on decreasing, is it true?
The expansion rate of the universe is accelerating. What is the rate of acceleration? Is it a constant?
How big would be the observable universe if earth was the size of a tennis ball?
How do we know that the universe will die?
Why is it that the universe can only be expanding or contracting?
How can there be both entropy and order in the universe?
The idea of an infinite universe(s) could mean anything is possible. Does this mean we don't exist in at least 99.9% of the infinite universe(s)?
Is the universe both infinite and finite?
What is the use of spending billions of dollar in space programs?
Was it repulsive gravity that caused inflation after big bang?
How far is the universe?
In what ways is the universe changing today?
What is the margin of the universe?
According to current theories, when will the universe stop producing stars and when will the last star be born?
Does the heat death of a universe imply that there is a multiverse?
What is time? Was it present before the “big bang”? Where does the previous day go and when does the next day come?
Have any of these things (Big Bang, black holes, and dark matter) been proven, or are all of them just theories like everything else in the universe?
Where is new mass introduced into the universe?
How does the orbital speed of a star located 10,000 light years from the center of the Milky Way compare to the Sun's orbital speed?
Is there any end points of our universe?
Do galaxies orbit each other even when the universe is expanding? Why?
Do we create the universe by studying it?
If our universe really is a hologram, does that mean it was designed by some intelligence?
If we exist in a black hole as some theories suggest, how do the laws of physics break down when we observe other black holes?
What is the speed of the light that originated from beyond the observable universe relative to our frame of reference?
What are the two things in the universe that does not contain mass and do not occupies space?
If the universe consisted solely of photons, would it even exist?
If the universe is expanding faster than light, how would that affect the flow of time?
How many supernovae happen daily in the observable universe?
If the Big Bang started from a vacuum, why aren't all of the other vacuums creating new big bangs?
Why does universe contain two thirds of dark energy?
If someone spawns 1 trillion light years away, in a dark space, what would he find? Would there be spacetime or the universe forms it while expanding?
What is meant by tangent universe?
Does string theory support the Big Bang?
Are we still in the process of the Big Bang. What if only we can experience time at this scale?
How is the age of the known universe determined?
Given that the universe is 13.8 billion years old, how can they measure or post photos of the perceivable universe, which is 92 billion years wide?
Do you think the expansion of the universe is something pulling it or something pushing it?
Is there is anything or any particle in Universe that do not have energy but still Exists?
What are the proofs that the universe exists, that we are not an illusion of nothingness?
How can I create a Transhumanist Association in my University?
Was the Big Bang an explosion that happened to a huge black hole that unzipped the whole mass of the universe contained inside it?
How does Google have all the information in this universe?
If dark matter covers majority of the universe, is it possible that we are surrounded by it?
Except human imagination, is there anything which is infinite in universe?
Does Repulsive Gravity exist? If so, does it have anything to do with the expansion of the universe?
Why do some scientists believe that the order and predictability in creation came about from the Big Bang?
How fast is the expansion of a planetary nebula compared to a supernova?
What is the scale of the universe?
Does our every action/choice creates another universe and if so, what happens to all these universes?
Is the universe just another thing that belongs to consciousness?
Are the outer galaxies, which are 13.8 billion years old, expanding into nothingness?
Is there such a thing as an inter universal void in the multiverse?
Why do the planets in Star Wars only have one type of vegetation each?
How can we tell that the universe is accelerating as it expands?
Is electromagnetism an essential and indispensable feature of the cosmos?
Is big bang an ongoing process?
Can we believe in the existence of a creator of the universe, and at the same time do not follow any religion?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
Did the initial singularity exist?
What are the illogical arguments for the theory that the universe is an illusion?
What are the basis of creation of this magnanimous universe considering all its intricacies at sub-atomic and celestial scale?
What proportion of matter in the universe is composed of atoms?
Why is the radius of observable universe greater than the age of the universe?
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
If “space is expanding” and using the balloon trick, why aren't the distances between local objects, such as the Earth and the Sun, expanding as well?
Is the universe finite? What will happen if I reach its end and through something out of universe's boundary? Where will it go?
If the universe was created by a single atom, can we create matter out of a single atom and have infinite resources?
If the universe is locked in a perpetual cycle of expanding and compressing, could we survive the compression for eternal life?
Is there an end to the universe? If so, will the temperature change due to the temperature difference between the outer universe and the outer space?
Is there the possibility of another Big Bang in this universe?
Is a second Big Bang possible? And if so, can it happen anywhere within the universe?
Is the universe governed by simple rules?
You know the feeling that something's wrong but you don't know what. What if it's your doppelganger from another parallel universe who's hurt?
Before God created Heaven & the universe, what was his domain?
When I turn on the heat in my apartment, am I accelerating the death of the universe?
Does a parallel universe really exist, or does that only exist in theory?
Are there infinite things in the universe or is it a thing only plausible in the human mind?
Why do some scientists believe in a holographic universe?
In an alternate universe, the partition never happened, and Jinnah was made the PM but died soon due to TB. What possibilities arise?
How were the particles of the universe created?
Is it possible that there exists a frame of reference in which the universe is significantly older than 13.8 billion years?
Would would happen if the entire universe could not make a single drop of energy for a second?
If the multiverse theory is true, does it mean that there will always be a universe in which the Borneo pygmy elephants live and thrive?
What do physicists think about Christof Wetterich’s theory about the universe actually shrinking?
If the universe started with a bang from nowhere, and expands until it grows cold and dies, what's the point?
Why does the universe expand when it should collapse into singularity?
What are the best things in the universe?
Is it possible that the rapid expansion of the universe is caused by the vanishing of mass which frees the compressed space around it?
What is the timeline for humanity to leave Earth and seed the universe?
How do you define Earth’s location in the visible universe for an alien civilization like Earth?
Why don't we expand with the Universe if our atoms are mostly empty space?
How much infinite is possible?
How can someone believe in an infinite universe and not believe in God? Would not an infinite universe have to contain every possibility?
Is it possible that we are very, very small and inside a single cell which for us is the universe?
Is it possible there are other solar systems and other universes in which humans inhabit?
Can't we disprove the theory of infinite universes in the same way we can disprove time travel?
What is the toughest question in the entire universe?
Is whatever I do in this universe repeated in another universe?
You are God. But you can only tweak the fundamental laws of physics. Can you create a perfect universe without any sufferings?
Can Pokemon exist in a parallel universe?
If everything is deterministic then only one time line could exist since the big bang, so traveling back to the past couldnt change anything?
Approximately how fast did the universe expand, within the first second of the Big Bang?
Can better understanding of gravity account for the dark matter?
If spacetime is "granular" as the Universe expands, are new "grains" being created or are the grains themselves expanding?
What is the current opinion on Michael Talbots's book 'Holographic Universe'?
The universe is ever expanding life dies every day, and that energy goes somewhere is it possible that when we die our energy becomes dark matter?
Would any of the Everyone Dies scenarios cause the immediate destruction of the universe as we know it?
What are the implications of the observation that the Universe is not expanding at the same rate in all directions?
How would you feel if the Milky Way Galaxy were sealed off completely and permanently from the rest of the universe?
If you had a never ending lightsaber blade, where will you point it?
What if the universe is just a finite space and stars just illuminate different parts of it?
Is life a random but inevitable force in the universe?
If the universe is expanding, does it have a center point? If so, what is that?
Which is increasing faster (in terms of the rate of increase), the size of the universe or time itself?
Is it possible that our universe is born of some other CERN experiment?
How important is the VY Canis Majoris to the universe?
How much is the universe accelerating since it started to accelerate (5-6 B years ago)? What is its rate?
If everything in the universe (including light) is not moving, how can we tell if time still exists?
What is outside the realm of existence (the universe, the so-called existence)?
What operating system does the fabric of the universe run on?
If the universe started with the big bang and will end with the big rip, could it be that all that was just gravity reversing?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
What did the earth look like 4.6 billion years ago?
Could our observable universe just be a larger "local group" moving away from others?
What are most abundant liquids in the universe? Like H2O, CH4, NH3 etc
Why can't the universe—or any universe with similar laws of physics to ours—be finite and have an absolute center from which it expands?
With a system of reflectors, is it possible in principle to get access to non-observable universe?
What if there was a multiverse where there were different incarnations of you?
What proof do we have of the Big Bang? How did we measure the movement of Galaxies?
Which was the first word in the universe?
How can Jess H. Brewer talk about what happened 10-36 seconds after the Big Bang?
Is there no way to reverse the effects of entropy and thus save the universe?
What would our universe look like if physical laws resulted in cube shaped planets rather than spheres? What would have to be different?
Does CMB prove the universe had a beginning?
What has everyone convinced the entire universe collapsed?
If the universe was cooled to absolute zero would time stop?
How would you feel if you woke up in a parallel universe?
What is a mainstream cosmological response to the observation that the Big Bang is unusual as a scientific account as it posits a one-time event?
Does the complexity of the universe make you think of God? There is oxygen, water, stars, gravity, rotation, brainpower, and love.
What would be the effects of time on the outside universe when I enter into a blackhole?
In one or few words, how would you describe life/universe and how little we know?
Do stars warm up the universe?
When did the Universe start? How could there have once been nothingness everywhere, and now there is the Universe?
What is the best answer to someone who says the universe is only 6,000 years old?
Did the universe come from nothing due to gravity?
Can there be an existence outside the universe or time? I guess time is just a property within the universe, or can it exist outside it?
A singularity in a black hole is the seed of a universe. How many universes would exist, & what space would they occupy?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
If humans are the Universe itself, why do we fight, kill and hate each other?
If God knows the future, then the universe is deterministic. Where is the free will?
What if science and the universe is easier than we make it out to be ? Is the universe that difficult or is we as humans over thinking?
Is possible that our universe is very close to a huge black hole?
If there are infinite universes what's stopping a universe from creating a machine to come to our universe?
Is there any science behind narad muni travelling through multiple universes and even indian gods?
How do you define the "nothingness" which existed before the so-called Big Bang?
What would happen if I fired a bullet in space going faster than the rate of expansion of the universe?
Does an increase in entorpy of the universe cause an increase in time or is it the other way round? Why?
If you were to be God and re-design the building blocks of the universe, is there anything you could improve on?
What caused the universe?
"Black holes Could Be Portals to Parallel Universe: Stephen Hawking." Would this mean that stars, just like our sun, are portals?
Is it bad that when I hear "N billion years ago" I think that it must be nonsense?
How did universe creation theories first start to develop?
What is the difference between the universe, the Milky Way and a galaxy?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Is it possible to control and transmit Ki?
For believers that the Universe is dimensionally infinite, at what point in its history (and why) did it become infinite (or was it always so)?
Is it possible for a miniature universe to have formed in the Hadron Collider?
How many people believe in alternate universes?
Can you relate life with thermodynamics?
I once read that the universe was considered "flat". If that is so, then how could matter in space maintain its 3 dimensional shape?
Would I be right if I say that every point in universe is the center of the universe?
Why does the universe keep on expanding when the total energy in it is constant?
How would an atom behave if it were alone in a flat universe?
What would you do if you could rewrite physics?
Does the Multiverse really exist?
Could someone do their best to briefly describe the Big Bang theory?
Is our consciousness already connected to another universe? I’m just asking; I’m not saying I believe in it.
Can the multiverse theory and the infinite universe theory both be true?
Even with millions of stars in the universe, it is still so dark. Why?
Which is the biggest mountain in the universe?
If there exist multiple universes in a multiverse, is there entanglement between all of the universes in the multiverse?
What was before the Big Bang? Were there time, places, objects? Were there other universes?
What gives a galaxy its shape? Why aren’t all of them spherical, just like most of the objects in the universe?
Why is the universal force table apparatus followed as universal?
How does Newton's theory of gravity show that the universe can't be static?
Can the exact location of Earth in the universe at any time be predicted for Time Travel?
Does every atom in the universe have some attractive effect to every other existing atom in the universe, due to gravity in function of distance?
Is there a place in the universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Is there a wall or something at the end of the universe if humans managed to reach it?
Who is the most worst man in the entire universe?
If mathematics is not god, then why does each and every point of the universe follow it?
In physics, how parallel universe is different from multiverse?
If we assume that the universe exists in physical form, how do you explain its infinite nature?
Energy is constant, but at the time of the Big Bang it was created. How can we create energy in the future?
Are there elements in the Universe that are not found in Earth?
What does the universe lie within?
Can "dark matter particles" coalesce with each other to form "dark matter galaxies" or any other structure in the universe?
Did the Big Bang make a bang?
If you were given a choice to be one of your infinite versions in an infinite universe, which version would you choose? Why?
How can we expand an economy?
If the universe began with a singular event, wouldn't all the age of the materials of space be all the same regardless of how it has been traveling?
How long is a supernova visible in the cosmos?
If the multiverse is real, would there be a likely chance that our Galaxy would just spawn over and over again in other universes, and be the same?
Could the universe (either in part or in whole) break? If so, how could we break it, and what would be the consequences of breaking it?
What prevents the Universe from collapsing?
How do you think the universe started (any answer is allowed)?
Could the black hole be the standing wave node in the universe?
Is there anything in this in universe which has neither mass nor is a form of energy?
By which exact theory can we say that the parallel universe has an anti-black hole (white hole) subsequent to our black hole?
Does the expansion of the universe mean that the Milky Way experiences an expansionary force of about 3 kilometres per second?
If all the matter and energy in the universe was compressed into a black hole, how big would it be?
How do we find out the shape of our universe?
Which books do you suggest in physics, which provide all the theories, concepts known in the cosmology as well?
What was before the Big Bang and when did time begin?
What do you think about the theory of the parallel universes?
Could our universe be expanding into the fourth dimension?
Can AdS/CFT be used to bootstrap up from a 1+1 dimensional universe?
How did scientist's came to know about big bang theory?
Is the sun the biggest star in the universe?
How have we made sure that expanding distance between objects in space is not actually just inertial movement from the early days of the universe?
When we die, is it the end, or are going to a different universe?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Do you believe in a multiverse that is infinite and ever expanding and why? What is some of your proof? I do believe but I want to see some thoughts.
How would you think of the universe being created, isn't that insane?
"The universe is still expanding." What does this mean? Are aliens being born while it is expanding?
What equation can be written that represents the entire universe?
If there are infinite parallel universe's, could I be married to Jesus who killed my mum for a slump of cash?
What would happen if every atom in the universe was doubled in size?
What is the principle of a wormhole? Does it provide a hypothetical basis for parallel universes?
Why must I believe the lies and spend my life with no real knowledge of the universe?
By the time we are capable of interstellar travel, will most of the observable universe be out of reach (due to dark energy)?
Is there any relationship between Moon's Orbital period and women's average menstrual cycle?
When space-time expands to the point where galaxy clusters are not observable, will there be any interaction?
If the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, why are we still unable to see it? Astronomers say that what we see in the sky is our past.
Is the universe a circle?
If the radius of the observable universe is 14 gigaparsecs, then by the same technology why can't we observe life in other parts of the universe?
How universe is a closed system?
How do astronomers know about stars or galaxies that are 200 light years away?
When the universe is collapsing in on itself, will planets be close enough to each other so that travel between them becomes a matter of years?
When does a new Yuga start?
How many elementary particles are in the universe?
They say that the universe is expanding at a speed more than the speed of light, but how can anything expand more than the speed of light?
Why is the expansion of the universe speeding up? Wasn’t it slowing down after the big bang?
Can we prove other universes outside of our own?
How can you reconcile estimates for the number of atoms in earth versus the number of atoms in the observable universe?
Can anyone explain the correct concept of the big bang theory?
Can black hole singularities get ripped apart in the final era of a big rip scenario?
Would God have the power to make the universe with different laws (i.e. no gravity)? Why do we have the laws we have? What other laws could there be?
Can an ant move a stationary Titanic ship in empty space away from any gravity?
Would you destroy the universe if you got some supernatural power?
Is it possible that the amount of energy humans are using could cause an early heat death of the universe?
What's more intriguing/scary, other life forms that are as smart or even smarter than us, or that we are (humans) the smartest creatures in the universe?
How science and religions would consider a model of our existence, and therefore of God, if it was rationally verifiable in our universe?
How do cosmologists explain blue-shifted galaxies in the Hubble Ultra Deep Field images?
If I build a program that detects every pattern in the universe, can I predict the future?
Does the universe work in frequencies?
How is the big bang theory in relation to God creating the universe?
Everything came from a point source so everything started out entangled. As the universe expanded did entanglement expand to become fields?
How can nothing lead to something (referring to before the Big Bang or the creation of the first particle ever)?
What proves the science of space? Are the universe and the galaxies a real science?
What does Jimmy Wales think of destiny? Do we write our own or it is all pre-planned?
What does it mean when some students say our IGP is so vast?
Why does the age and mass of the universe have roughly the same amount of planck units?
Is there any material in this whole universe which cannot be boiled?
Would it be possible to construct a timeline for the universe based on a constant number of particle collisions per unit? What would it look like?
Does the Big Bang theory really prove the origin of the universe?
If a spaceship would reach the edge of the universe, what do you think would happen?
Is the universe a quantum system?
Which is the biggest mystery you always think of and try to find a solution for?
What should be the ultimate reality of this universe?
Is it possible to fit an infinite into a finite or to stretch a finite to fit into an infinite?
Just what is it that is accelerating the speed of the universe? What is the "gas pedal" so to speak?
If our galaxy were in the center of a bubble of water, and the water wall was trillions of light years away, when we look out? what would we see?
How far is the closest Galaxy to ours?
Why is our existence, death and the universe as it is unfathomable?
Where did time, space, and matter come from?
What will happen if we stopped time in the whole universe?
If there is intelligent life in the universe, how would we be able to detect it?
How do we know that a direction in which the universe is finite does not exist?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
If information is the fundamental stuff of the universe, can we hack into the fabric of space?
In the end we are just dreamers in this infinite universe. What is the meaning of this quote?
Is the expansion of the universe taken into account when measuring distances in space?
What would be the propagation speed of a change in the false vacuum state of the universe?
Did all the solar systems in the universe appear simultaneously?
How do we know that the Big Bang started the universe, and what caused it?
How does background radiation give us a hint of the age of our universe?
Why is it "inevitable" for another Earth to be out there? Why can't humans be the only intelligent life in the universe?
If there are many universes, does that mean that there are many cosmoses?
Is the 10-rings-Big Bang proof of a hyperspherical universe?
Wouldn't discovering and possibly altering the ending and/or purpose of the universe be the ultimate goal of any intelligence?
Do stars only exist in galaxies?
If speed of light is constant, can we actually know the exact position of Earth relative to center of universe?
Does the cosmological principle assume the universe is infinite? If not, what happens at the boundary?
What is the Big Bang Theory (in simple terms)?
What is beyond the present universe?
Could everything go infinitely into each other? Could every cell, atom, universe, etc. be together in the sense that our universe is every atom that we're made of?
If the multiverse is real, then is it likely that, on the multiverse level, all species living on earth technically don't go extinct permanently?
How could we estimate the amount of stars in our universe?
Why do people develop interest in space, time and universe?
If the new Big Bang happens, will the quarks/matter be the same (H, He, etc.)?
Why the hell are we in the universe?
Can we visit 9.99 percent of an observable universe? Why?
Is the Boomerang Nebula (or the Bow Tie Nebula) the coldest thing in the universe?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Can you help me visualise the size of our universe?
Is our universe start from a big bang like what big bank theory show?
Is the multiverse theory possible or even probable in real life?
Would I be accurate if I described gravity as "An inertial resistance to the expansion of the universe"?
What if black holes are wormholes to the edge of the universe?
What kind of things happened physically at the edge of the big bang?
Just how much gravity would a celestial object have to be emitting for the entire universe to orbit it?
Will Vegeta somehow surprise us in the Universe Survival arc?
Am I ignorant for believing that Humans are the most intellectual beings in the universe?
Could there be a universe totally inaccessible to us where everything is contrary to the laws of physics or logic as we know it?
What is beyond the outermost edge of our universe, is the universe infinite or does it stop?
Why would you support or criticize Rick G. Rosner’s theory about the origin of the universe? Are there “little bangs” as well as “big bangs”?
How would the universe look if all objects are visualized as they are now, at this instant of present time?
What are some facts about the Universe as explained in Jainism?
Why is it illegitimate to talk of 'before' the Big Bang? How should one phrase it in order to have a meaningful conversation?
What are the fundamental laws of physics who rule our universe?
How does the dark energy cause the universe to expand? What has dark matter to do with it?
Do equivalent deterministic interpretations of QM and the idea of a deterministic universe necessarily imply parallel dimensions or multiverses?
What is the Big Bang transition?
If 99.99% of the universe is not readily accessible to us, then for who is it?
How many light years can the universe expand in a few seconds?
Do humans really know the age of the universe?
How does theoretical math explain the continued expansion of the universe?
What is the progress of Big Bang?
Why do you think, philosophically, that the universe is rational?
Do we have limited knowledge to know about the universe?
Is the universe a linear plane, and if so, would it be quicker in this regard to exit the universe "vertically" rather than horizontally?
How does quantum physics disagree with the universe being rational?
Is it true that the whole universe is situated in Shiva's Rudraksha?
How can everywhere be the center of the universe?
Could a Universe with only philosophical zombies exist?
What is the starting point of the Big Bang Theory? How did it start?
Is there any proof that the universe exists?
What will it take for humans to control the very dynamics of universe?
What is universal holding cabinate?
If there were an infinite amount of parallel universes, can you assume that anything you imagine to be possible occurs with utmost certainty?
What is outside universe, if there is something what is it and what is outside that there must be something and finally what is outside that?
If all matter and energy in the universe "stopped" or "froze", what would happen with time?
What would happen if there were only The Sun burning in The Universe?
Imagine a universe where gods don't exist, is it any different from our universe now apart from the beliefs of the individuals and their scriptures?
Is it possible for the universe to repeat itself again?
How do we know how many galaxies are in the universe?
Due to the expansion of the universe, is the light we see from stars an inaccurate observation at a constant time rate?
How can we tell the age of the universe if we can only see a certain amount of it?
To think it is to create it. Through our telescopes and microscopes, does the universe create itself?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
As Christian, do you wonder where god got his inspiration for creating the universe from?
If the universe stopped expanding, what would happen to earth?
What is the future according to universal laws?
Should I read the paper "The Mathematical Universe" or the book "Our Mathematical Universe"?
Are we expanding into empty space or nothingness?
Is our universe finite?
How do scientists measure the age of the universe to 13.7 billion years?
Is it possible that there were prior "Big Bangs" before the "Big Bang" we know?
A lot of people believe that the universe is infinite. Does that deny the theory of accelerating expansion?
Is the Big Bang mentioned in Quran?
What is the proof that an electron is the smallest particle in the universe?
Could the evidence for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe be explained by a changing speed of light, locally or universally?
Is there a possibility to live forever, by going in space?
Does cause and effect apply to the formation of the universe? If not, why?
Where does the universe exist?
If the universe has an end, does that mean other mathematical constants like Pi also reach an end?
If the Big Rip were to happen, how would it feel?
Thomas Nagel suggests that life exists in the universe because it brings value into the world. Do you think that is true? Why or why not?
If humans are considered to be a pattern of molecules then is it possible that there exists an exact copy of us in this universe?
What would it mean if human beings are the result of some genetic experiments?
How do you deal with the realization of your finite existence within a night in the infinite universe?
If the universe has a finite age and a finite speed of expansion, why is the universe (not the observable universe) infinite?
What is Pulsar and dark matter?
If the universe eventually expands faster than the speed of light, will every observer eventually be unable to see anything?
What if the universe is rotating, how could we tell?
Is there any 3D model of universe available online?
If the universe rewinds itself after it dies does that mean that I get to be reborn?
If the universe expands at 68 km/s per megaparsec, does it mean that light going 300,000 km/s can reach beyond the limits of the universe?
Is there a physics term designating the intersection of two different universes or realities?
If the laws of nature are responsible for the origin of the universe, then what created the laws of nature?
If we develop a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe at the atomic level, will we be able to predict the future?
Do people who think that God created the universe for man have any idea how big the universe really is?
Are there signs of intelligence and life elsewhere in the universe?
Since time is a property of our universe, what does an "observer" from another universe feel? Will he see all past, present and future at the same "time"?
Why do people believe in the Big Bang theory?
Will our Universe infinitely expand or will it expand to a certain extent and then start pulling everything closer?
What does not vibrate in this universe?
According to what I've come to understand, the universe is approximately 13-14 billion years old, no matter what direction is measured. Does that not put the earth at the center of the universe, as taught in earlier times?
What will happen when the expansion of the universe gets so fast that light cannot reach from the event horizon to the singularity?
Does our universe recycle itself, and repeat infinite big bangs?
Will we get to see a comet like Hale-Bopp in the near future?
An infinite single universe would be a kind of multiverse. How does the infinity come about? Is it a quantum interaction of some sort?
How and where are stars born in the Universe?
Is there a part of the universe where we would be considered microscopic?
How can the radius of the observable universe be 46 billion light years when the age of the universe is just 14 billion years (as nothing can go faster than light)?
Why does simply asking about the size of the universe totally end its "scientific" explanation?
Does there exist something like the end of the universe? Does it just stop at some point, and you just have a wall with nothing behind it?
What is the biggest mystery of the universe?
What are the logical and illogical arguments about the universe being self-created?
What is the biggest known celestial body in the universe?
What are the illogical and logical arguments that the universe popped up from nothing?
Is the expansion of the universe faster than light?
How do you prove the only existence of parallel universes?
Do you think that one day our planet will see the birth of a universal state?
How can there be no god if the universe had a beginning?
With the knowledge that light travels at 186,000 MPS, can't we find the center of the universe, since it has to have a reference of speed as well?
There is any object in universe, which is not under the influence of gravity?
Was there a period of inflation following the Big Bang? Roger Penrose doesn’t think so, according to his book Cycles of Time.
If the universe is infinite in time, why didn't it succumb to entropy infinitely long ago?
Was the Big Bang the moment of the Creation?
What is the total charge of universe?
Which is the perfect random experiment in the universe?
Does the electromagnetic spectrum have an inherent proof that our universe is in 3 dimensions?
Do dark energy and Hawking radiation exist in the Universe?
Is it true that space isn't expanding, and that that doesn't make any sense?
As the universe is infinite, what is the mathematical permutation of there being another identical planet Earth out there in the cosmos?
Could the goal of the Universe be to maximize entropy? Just so that afterwards, it starts again, with different initial conditions?
Can red shift of light be due to reduction of temperature over time, instead of the expanding universe?
What will be the ultimate fate of the universe?
How do we know our universe is moving in a certain direction?
Why is tantalum the least abundant stable element in the universe?
If space-time is expanding, wouldn't the measuring sticks (meter and second) also be expanding? Then the universe would have to always be the same size.
What would happen if we cooled down the entire universe to absolute zero?
Could the anonymous people in our dreams actually exist in some alternate universe or in another dimension?
Do universities actually profit from the athletic teams or do some actually cost the university money?
How would you define The Big Bang Theory?
How many space satellites are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
Every Galaxy must have a single (infinitely small) centre of gravity or- galaxial barycentre? What properties might such a singular point possess?
If the whole universe follows the laws of quantum theory, how can there be a 'classical observer' in reality?
If universes are popping bubbles, could they be appearing and disappearing at an infinite speed?
My mind is struggling to comprehend the infinite universe, any explanation?
Since the light all around us from the Big Bang happened 13.8 billion years ago, does that mean the universe was 27.6 billion light years wide then?
Why was the Universe formed?
Has the Universe payed you back for your good/bad actions?
How do we know that the universe is expanding at a speed faster than light?
How do we know if the universe has an edge?
If each and every object in the universe attract each other then why don't they stick to each other?
What is a parallel universe? Does anyone believe in this?
If I want to reach a distant point in the universe, I will be in a position to reach it considering the expansion or it would take an eternity?
How do we know that the expansion of the universe did not begin until all the points were well-separated in space?
As light is red-shifted due to expansion of the universe, where does the extra energy of the light go. Does the red-shifted light become brighter?
How long would a second be at the beginning of the universe?
Is there an alternative universe where the earth exists in another galaxy?
If we could say the universe is expanding, is there any universe which is contracting exponentially?
Why must there exist some constants in the universe (as without those, science could not have existed)? Without them, would our universe be very random?
The entropy is increasing, but the energy of the universe is constant. How?
If universe is expanding according to Hubble's law, then are some galaxies moving from us more at a speed more than speed of light?
Why do I not find anything worth doing since the universe is going to end one day?
Can anyone explain the structure of this sentence, “They have seen from as far as 238,857 miles aloft the greatest spectacle of our universe-Earth”?
Were the fundamental particles already present at the Big Bang?
Does the universe mean something when you keep getting small injuries or cuts?
In existential philosophy, would someone who's detached from reality, and a theoretical physicist, both be correct when it comes to analyzing the existence of the universe, assuming we know nothing for certain?
If universe is expending and at a certain point will reach lets say point A than what this point A will be called where universe will reach in future?
In the Many Worlds Interpretation, whenever universes "split", is there a Big Bang event "within" the "new" universe?
Is a nuclear explosion a miniature Big Bang?
Why are there so many curves in the Universe?
What is the meaning of a hologram? Does it mean "our universe is also a hologram"?
What evidence do we have that the universe is flat?
Is the mirror world one of the infinite universes based on the infinite notes of string theory?
Why is entropy increasing while the total amount of energy of the universe is constant?
In a universe where there are no life forms with vision to perceive light, would that universe have an appearance?
How can you squeeze billions of years into Genesis 1, without destroying the gospel?
Even when the speed of light is the fastest thing in the universe doesn't it seem slow compared to our universe?
How can a truly deterministic system exist within a nondeterministic universe?
Is the increase of energy caused by the expansion of the universe equivalent to the decrease of energy of the CMB?
What is the most plausible way to visit a parallel universe and see a different version of your life?
When there is power, there are clashes. If there were more than one powerful god in the universe, wouldn’t there be any clash in the universe?
What can you tell about KL University?
Why does the universe talk to me?
Will the universe end today?
Our universe is expanding, does that mean there will be contraction in the distant time?
How do we map the universe, when we have never even left our solar system?
When all matter was concentrated before the big bang, it must have been highly integrated and therefore conscious? Or was that not the case?
Does light take more time to travel between 2 points as the universe expands?
Can beyond observable galaxies have any gravitational influence on observable galaxies?
What does it mean for time to have direction? How to perceive a mirror universe where time runs backwards?
If the universe is finite, what is the locus in which it exists? Is the state of existence containing the universe infinite?
Is the multiverse theory the proof that Modal realism is a correct interpretation of reality?
Did the universe spring out of 'nothing'?
How do we know the universe is expanding infinitely?
What if there are dead stars beyond our observable universe? Are we able to see or detect them?
What's the speed at which our universe is expanding?
Can Pakistan make MIRV without expanding its space program?
Can you give me a good introduction (inspirational words) about universe then shooting stars?
Will removing a small astronomical object (say a small asteroid) from existence bring about a noticeable change in the entire universe?
Which scenario is more probable: a single recurring universe or a vast multiverse?
If you were God, what universe would you create?
Is our visible Universe a larger version of the stimulation of star-forming molecular gas found in the galactic halo of a supermassive black hole?
Will back holes eventually consume the whole universe until there is nothing left and then create a new Big Bang?
How do scientists know the universe was created around 13.8 billion years ago?
Is this true that the internal energy of the universe is zero because the universe is ever-expanding?
Where will all the ghosts go after the heat death of the universe?
Are the total space of the universe and time limited or unlimited?
Is it possible that we find a supernova somewhere in the universe?
What are the universal elements of protoplasm?
Is dark matter the real god of the universe?
Many times I have had some dreams, and the very next day they would become reality in the exact same way. Is this evidence of the existence of a parallel universe?
Can technology prove that the universe is not an illusion?
Other than as a result of the expansion of the universe, does the sun move?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
Why aren’t the elements that make up the Earth representative of the universe, as a whole?
If any real aspect of our universe was rationally recognizable with a math-metaphysical theory paradigm, would you accept this theory as credible?
Is the universe just a complicated form of energy?
If the universe is infinite in extent does that mean that gravity is also infinite in extent?
How many stars are there in our entire multiverse?
How did the matter exist at the time of the Big Bang if there were no time or space for it to exist in?
What are some mind blowing facts about the universe that most people don't know about?
What's more impressive, the infinite size of the universe or the infinite depth of a soul?
How can you make me understand the concept of parallel universe in a layman's term?
Is Watchmen set in an alternate universe?
Are there another universes? And if there are, what is at the end of that group universes?
When is the universes birthday?
What would happen, if an object that operated under different physical laws entered our universe and was composed of something entirely different than atoms?
If the universe were to rewind back to the beginning and the laws of nature were the same, would everything happen in the exact same way?
What are some things that would be made impossible if the universe was eternal?
Is the expansion of the universe good?
In parallel worlds(infinite universes) approach, don't we travel between consecutive universes with passing time without a wormhole? How?
In your opinion, what is the greatest wonder of our known universe?
Are there startups trying to space mine the entire universe for resources not just our Galaxy but the whole universe?
Cosmologically speaking, what supports exist for the notion that the laws of nature could/would differ among different universes within a multiverse?
If we were to discover how to travel to another universe, would this create another multiverse where we didn't travel to another universe?
Will the universe eventually be destroyed?
Where would be an absolute end to the universe? There should be one, right?
Is the rate of expansion of space for unit distance accelerating?
How did timeless space came into existence where the Big Bang exploded?
Will elephants always come back into existence throughout time in other universes?
Why did god create us and the universe?
How would the universe look if it had been created by a benevolent, all powerful, all knowing, and all present god?
What would Nikola Tesla think about parallel universes?
Is there life in the universe except on earth?
How does Hawking's idea that the Universe, in its most primitive form, arose spontaneously from nothing stand up?
What do you think would happen if a person stuck their arm past the edge of the universe?
Are negative numbers purely hypothetical or do they exist somewhere in the universe?
Can I reach the edge of the universe if I travel 1000 times faster than light?
Could there be an infinite number of universes where an infinite number of possibilities have happened, are happening or will happen?
If the universe started with a singularity, where did that singularity come from?
If environment of a distant planet was made sustainable for us, would you prefer to go there?
What is the weirdest phenomena in the universe?
What do Higgs fields have to do with the expansion of the universe?
What happens if we, by chance, someday can move beyond our universe ?
What would the center of the universe look like?
What would time-travelling’s butterfly effect have on the universe?
Does the recent finding of the undecidability of the spectral gap problem in QM show that the universe is noncomputable?
How would the universe be if empty space was truly empty?
There wasn't time before the Big Bang, so would it be logical to assume that the universe has always existed?
If god created the universe, what energy do Christians think created him if he was the creator of all existence?
How can I prove to my friends that the Big Bang was real?
What's a parallel universe? Are there any?
Is there any place in the entire universe where temperature doesn't exist?
Was the Universe or the galaxies in a static condition before the Big Bang?
There is a universal constant for speed. Is there a universal constant for temperature?
Does the antimatter universe exist?
Do you consider gravity to be the most mysterious and the most awe-inspiring force in the universe?
If I were light would I have seen the whole universe in one point & not needed to travel at any distance cause I'm already there?
How was the Big Bang formed?
How is it calculated that dihydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe (70% of the total mass of the universe)?
Are the laws of physics the absolute truth, or are they just tools to help us understand a little bit better about the universe?
What are conditions necessary for the big rip, the Heat death/big freeze and the big crunch and bounce?
Which thing in the universe is not relative?
If the multiverse exists, is it possible that our universe has already been collided with others? How to verify it?
What do you mean by infinite?
Is there a possibility that a multiverse is in another spacious thing?
If there was a “start of time”, then what happened in the universe before time started?
Did lithium hydride form after the big bang and before the formation of stars?
Is our universe also a single point, like a single point at the time of the Big Bang, and will the time come when it explodes, as it is expanding continuously?
Can a true vacuum ever tunnel into a false vacuum?
What would happen to the rest of the universe if we sped spaceships up to 0.9c?
How does our universe expand?
I am the size of the Milky Way Galaxy, how do I perceive the universe around me?
How long before we know we are not alone in the universe?
With the universe expanding into itself, could I use the analogy of a TV screen staying the same size, but the picture is increasing in resolution?
Can it be assumed that the accelerated expansion of the Universe will start to decrease at some point?
What would happen to my body if I were teleported outside the universe?
How do we know about the Big Bang theory?
Could the Universe have a single centre of gravity?
Do planets twinkle?
Is dark matter responsible for the expansion of the universe?
What is the best way to pull through university?
Would it be possible to model the universe with a speed of light as 100000 mph and a different law of thermodynamics?
What would happen if all if, starting with Hydrogen, all elements would disappear from the universe?
What is the evidence that evolution could account for the creation and progress of all the complexity within the universe?
Is it true that Godel's incompleteness theory proves that the universe can't exist?
What's the chance of vacuum decay happening to our universe?
Has Indian culture been portrayed wrong in The Big Bang Theory?
Do stars still form today? A video (http://youtu.be/qsN1LglrX9s
...
What is the difference between a gamma ray burst and a supernova explosion, and which is comparably brighter?
Can quantum entanglement hypothetically be used to communicate over VAST distances, like from one end of a galaxy to another or from galaxy to galaxy?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
Does time flow because of the inertia it attained in the Big Bang?
How do you differentiate the frequency altered by doppler effect to determine speed and temperature?
Our new-age meditation group wants to meditate looking towards where it all began, a point where the big bang happened. Which direction should we look?
Can all the beings of our universe (not just humans) have a real and measurable "particle of matter" functionally corresponding to what many call "soul"?
As far as galaxies go, is the Milky Way bigger or smaller than the average?
Does the dark matter present in the universe cause any distortion to the speed of the spacecraft Voyager 1?
In an empty universe, if we had objects of different sizes made of pure hydrogen, would gravity keep them together?
You are the smartest person in your current universe. You can either rule your current planet or travel to a different universe. Which would you choose?
If the universe suddenly stops expanding, how long will it take us to find out?
Is there any relation beween Big Bang theory & existence of God?
The big bang was formed by a singularity, blackholes are also a singularity. So did black holes form space and matter?
Why do leftists use universities​ as playgrounds to create propaganda?
The energy of the whole universe is constant. If the universe is expanding, how is this possible? Is any energy being created every time continuously?
Is it possible that ∞=∞+x is the simplest equation of the entire reality, where x can be anything (from the entire universe to a single quantum)?
What is the last point of universe?
Is there matter in the voids between galaxies?
To what extent can our universe expand?
Since 1/infinity is 0, doesn't that mean that the infinite universes theory can't be true, since each universe would have a 0% chance of existing?
Is the holographic universe theory, a concept to describe the universe or is it literally a hologram created by someone and we are just programs?
Is simulation actually compatible with evolution theory of the Universe? If yes, can we say they are both right, it depends how you look at it?
As the multiverse, string, and inflation theory are all based on math exalted by our genius scientists, are they all true?
Can we figure out if our whole observable universe, including Earth, expands by some factor, say 2?
What stream should I take after completing school, if I want to study about Human Origin or Universe Origin?
Does the universe have no beginning or end or did it come from nothing due to gravity or did it arise from singularity?
If the Big Rip started, what would our perception of it be?
What can you say about atheist, that the universe is a product of big bang theory?
What is outside our Universe and where does our Universe exist?
Can the infinite universe theory still hold true even though it postulates that there must be a universe where it's incorrect?
If all of the elements in the periodic table came from hydrogen, could it be the real god?
Why is acceleration of the universe considered to be due to some kind of energy?
Are we ever going to be able to reach the border of the universe?
What was the first element in our universe?
What are the universal advices for whole humanity?
Is 42nd and broadway centre of universe?
Which is the coldest thing in the entire universe?
Could our universe be traveled around on all sides while still remaining infinite, if it were contained in another universe of say 6 or 7 dimensions?
If the universe can create life, is all life possible?
Is it possible to make a program to calculate the Universe?
Is it possible that when our universe destroys itself (theory), there could be a new Big Bang?
If the universe loses heat, does the cooling also affect the expansion?
What do we know of the universe's topography?
Is it possible that we have an entirely different universe next to ours?
How many planck lengths fit in the universe?
What is the center of the universe?
Why is it that though the universe is billions and billions of years old yet the only way we can experience it is in this little moment?
If the multiverse theory is true, is it possible that in some universes fictional characters exist, e.g Dragon Ball characters?
Does the universe's expansion disprove its infinity?
Does the universe go through a cycle which is so long that we think it's infinite, like does it collapse to a point and then big bang over and over?
What do you think will be the ultimate end to the universe?
Why does everything active in the universe have a core?
Are we the last world in the universe or the first?
Could a physicist and the future create baby universes in the lab?
Scientists have discovered many galaxies and stars billions and millions of light years far from earth. How did they see so far? Can we rely on that?
What if, assuming that there is no interference from beyond the observable universe, every single object's velocity was halted, including light?
At what location in the universe does time flow faster, compared to all other observer frames? Is it close to center or far from the center?
Is the fabric of space expanding, or only the matter within it?
If our universe is 14 billion years old, then why is it that the size of galaxy alone is 100,000 light years, which is trillions and trillions of years across?
Can we predict the universe’s birth and end by entropy?
Why do we say nothing can go faster than light if the expansion after the Big Bang created a universe 10 light years in diameter within a second?
Can science explain what happened before the big bang?
What, exactly, is nothing? Is space, even empty space, something? Into what is the universe (space-time) expanding? Nothing? Something?
How can we accurately state that the universe is made of 72.1% dark energy, 23.3% dark matter and 4.6% baryonic mass?
What are Aristotle's arguments on the universe being rational?
If space is infinite, wouldn't it repeat?
What if the universe is an atom to someone else outside the universe?
What do we conclude about life, from the history of the world since the Big Bang?
What if we somehow discover that we are the only life in the entire universe?
Is the universe expanding at a universal speed (No pun intended) or will we begin to close the gap on older matter in the future?
If I write down 1 followed by 80 zeros, doesn't that mean there are more than that many atoms in the universe?
If there is an intelligent species in Shapley's Supercluster, do you think they experience the Universe differently than we do?
Which ideas of Copernicus' model of the universe still hold true? What are the modifications or corrections to his model?
Does the existence of dark energy mean that the rate of entropy of the universe is increasing?
Does it truly follow that, in an infinitely large multiverse, there must be another me making slightly different choices?
Could the universe have intelligence?
What are some good books to study about planets, galaxies, black holes, etc.?
If a universe does come after ours, is there a possibility elephants and other species on earth would live there?
Based on current scientific evidence, is it more likely that our universe was created by a deity(s) or simply popped into existence from nothing?
Is it possible that a black hole is a white hole/Big Bang in another universe? Is it possible that our Big Bang is a black hole in another universe?
The expansion of the universe is the reason for the separation of the universe into the multiverse. What do you think?
Is there a bottom to the universe? Can the drifting of other continents towards Antarctica be considered a sign of this hypothesis?
Who created the grand designer, who created the multiverse, and does the answer lie within the multiverse itself?
How do I find a helpful professor working with multiverse theory in cosmology?
Which is the present model of the early universe?
Does the geocentric model of the universe explain the annual cycle of maximum declination of the sun?
What do you find most interesting about the Universe?
If energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, then how one can justify the expansion of universe?
How come pictures of the cosmos are color enhanced? How is that scientific?
When will the universe start retardation? In how many years?
If friction stopped the exact instant you read this question, what would happen in the universe?
Will life be boring once we have figured out the universe?
What are the theoritical explainations for dark matter coalesing into networks and filaments rather than ever larger spinning structures?
What's 96 Percent of the Universe Made Of?
What is the total speed scientists tell us Earth moves through the Universe?
Are there any objects in the universe that literally experience no net force?
Is infinite equal to infinite?
Is it possible that God created the multiverse, and the first races of a universe in that multiverse reached ascension, only to become that first God?
How likely is it that dark matter and energy research is a dead end caused by errors in our current understanding of astrophysics?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
Why is our universe so amazing to see visually but is actually rather quiet in terms of sound?
What are your thoughts on Tabetha’s Star?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, does that mean it being drawn to something?
What would be the difference between all of the mass in the universe coalesced into a black hole and the singularity the universe expanded from?
How would we discover if the universe is a living being?
Why does planet earth exist in the universe?
What happens if cosmology cannot reason out how the universe was initiated?
What might life as humans be like in the far distant future as heat death of the Universe becomes a significant issue?
Why is the earth so small when compared to the universe?
